Half-yearly, 2025: Performance phase under pressure, core focus, resilience, Chang Man Rain.
Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Events: Mango Supermedia issues its semi-annual report for 2025. 25H1 operating income is $5,964 million, billion, yoy-33.15%. The main reason for the decline in performance is below the income of the traditional power provider.
At the same time, strategic investments in quality content and technology development to consolidate core competitiveness have continued to increase, resulting in higher costs and pressure on current profits. While the total cost has fallen by 11.56% from income, the core mangotv Internet video business has increased.
11.78%. This directly results in a decline of 8.6 pct to 27.49% in the same year. Cost increases are mainly due to company input into head content. 25h1 R & D investment amounts to $160 million, yoy + 26.41%, mainly to self-researched Mango large models and aigc applications.
▪ The decline in revenue from the active power provider ' s business as a whole, while the Internet video business performed well and the users continued to improve their stickyness: 1) 2025h1 mango super-mogo collection and profit double-dip, which, according to the number of divisions, is mainly due to the contraction of the content vendor ' s business.
For the first time, the company is making a semi-annual profit.
With the opening of sub-clan flag shops and the development of adjoining commodities by connecting ip, the mini-man electric traders are gradually building commercial closed doors from content viewing to interactive consumption. 2) In contrast, Mangotv Internet video operations, which are the company ' s basics, perform well, with revenues of $4,883 million, yoy-1.50 per cent.
In the context of the overall pressure of the advertising market in the long video industry, the core business is relatively stable, reflecting business resilience and user stickyness. Of this, 1 member achieved operating income of 2,496 million yuan, a slight increase in the same year. 25h1 mangotv monthly activity averages increased by 14.24% over the same period, benefiting from this increase.
The company ' s continuous export of high-quality exclusive content has succeeded in attracting and retaining a core user group.2 Publicizing the business generated operating income of 1,587 million yuan.3 Operators achieved operating income of 800 million yuan, an increase of about 7 per cent compared to the previous year, re-entering the growth path, benefiting from the company in the fields of iptv and ott.
"Mango Supermix (300413): 2024 and 202501 Quarterly Reviews: Quality Plays for Members."
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that Mango super-movement is in a period of strategic adjustment and resilience. The Department has taken the initiative to optimize its operational structure and to invest more in content and technology for the consolidation of the long-term moat, with member income falling by 5 billion yuan.
The long-term growth logic remains clear, despite short-term performance pressures. Mangotv’s advertising and membership is expected to grow again as the advertising market recovers and companies continue to grow in the field of drama.
" Mango Supermomentation (300413) " : third quarter 2024: financial review: Increased number of amphibious arts and dramas, expected risks, technological advances in ai less than anticipated risks.
Three financial forecasting forms for Mango Supermedia The East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.