Q2 Autonomous plate q2 has grown significantly over the same ring.
In the recent past, Guangbo Group has issued a fast-tracked production report for June 2023: 231,547 vehicles, a 0.4 per cent decline in the same year; 236,199 vehicles, a 0.77 per cent increase in the same month, as follows:
The co-founder of the large state-owned holdings initiated by the co-sponsors has seen a significant increase in sales of the same ring as the total q2 autonomous plates.
The main operations include the sale of approximately 235,000 vehicles by passenger vehicles, commercial wide-air autonomy q2, an increase of 71.2 per cent over the same period and a 45.4 per cent increase in the ring, using vehicles, motorcycles, auto parts and components for research and development, manufacturing, manufacturing, etc.
In the middle, Eianq2 sold about 131,000 vehicles, an increase of 136.4 per cent in the same year and 67.1 per cent in the ring; distribution and after-sales services, and the import and export of automobile-related products q2 sold about 104,000 vehicles, an increase of 27.2 per cent in the same year and 24.9 per cent in the ring.
Trade, car leasing, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, automobile credit, finance leasing, commercial factoring, and rapid growth in autonomous sales will have a scale effect and lead to improved self-employment.
Insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc. The sales in June are above expectations.
M6 sales of 5384 vehicles, an increase of 125.2%, m8 sales of 6530 vehicles, an increase of 18.7% over the same period, and power-infused mpve9 sales have been on the market for almost 5,000 vehicles for more than a month.
5093, with 21.4 per cent ring growth, gs8 and gs4 sales in June, also outpaced 5,000. The teleports, the electrodynamics of the product, continued to advance and upgraded by phev. According to their public names, the pseudonyms will soon be launched and improved with their phev products, including the second generation of gs8 and the new B-level mpv.
New energy products matrix. We're looking at the company's ability to mix technology, and it's hoped that Eyan's sales will continue to grow in June, selling 45,013, according to the Gas Group Public, aions, 22,487 and aiony, 20537. On July 3, 2023, Eyan's high-end brand.
The city's brand-new vehicle, Wu Quangt, is priced at $21999-309,000. The vehicle is a pure power platform, cartridge batteries, quark power drive, and aics smart chassis system.
On the basis of the size advantages and product strength of gt established by Eian in the pure power-borne car market, Eian is expected to maintain the sales base in two fields:
In the first half of the year, the share of the three flagship models (Kemery, Handa, and Sena) was still more than 40%. The wholesale volume of Hiroshima continued to recover, and the pattern of Phev was rolled out.
In q2, sales continued to recover, in June, 60628 vehicles, a decline of 18.1 per cent compared to the previous year (higher base), and the ring grew by 11.4 per cent.
S148052100003 highlights the power of a wide-scale manufacturing system. In June, the master-car model was launched with a whole generation of hev and phev, with a 4-generation i-mmd binocular plug-in system (two blocks).
Honda's long-term technological build-up of hybrid technologies, with higher power than the Eastern financial boom in high-efficiency engines, electro-electric coupling systems, etc., whose electric model is competitive in products and is expected to lead to a broad-based recovery.
Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation: The trend towards long- and long-term improvement in the company’s own plate is continuing, with improved certainty in the company’s own plate in 2023, based on its leading edge in the field of electric mixing.
Volkswagen Group (601238): 02 Autonomous plate sales are increasing by the same ring, with two fields maintaining the base of sales, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the q2 Autonomous Block sales have increased significantly over the ring, and the two-field sales base has been maintained by Lee Jin-jin.
The University of Nankai, with its many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, has been employed in the National Information Centre, the Great Wall Securities, since 2009.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.