BG (601238): Autonomous plate modulus effect is evident, with the fuel vehicle requirements of the two fields, the BG group.
In recent days, Guangbo Group published its mid-year 2023 report and its August production and sales report, and we updated our assessment as follows: The company is a company of Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group, Inc., Van Dynasty Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Inc., etc.
Ten thousand vehicles, 45.7% more than the same year, with EA and Essex growing by 108.81% and 8.97% respectively. Marketing and co-sponsorship, with large-scale state-owned holdings initiated, led to higher revenue growth in the first half of the year, with 2023h1 companies operating with 27.1% higher revenues than in the previous half.
Share-based enterprise groups. Major operations include a continuous decline in the cost rate during the period driven by the growth of business income in passenger vehicles, commercials, and the cost rate during the period of 2023h1 (sales, use of vehicles, motorcycles, R & D of car parts, manufacturing, manufacturing, etc.)
Sales and after-sale services, and import and export of automobile-related products Trade, car rentals, used cars, logistics, dismantling, regenerative capital, car credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring,
Insurance and insurance brokers, equity investments, etc., 4.0% of 2023q1. The Māori rate is expected to improve continuously as raw materials prices fall, EA sales rise, and the ratio of high-end mpv rises.
In 2022, the profits were realized, while the profits of 2023h1 continued to expand, and EA was introduced to debt and cross-equity: two consecutive months in June and July 2023.
The upward trend in product structure and the improvement in the performance of the autonomous plate have been demonstrated. Autonomous plate sales continued to increase in August: EA achieved 45,026 in August, an increase of 66.63 per cent. According to EA, the EA terminal passed 50,000 in August, of which 52,057 were delivered.
The high-end branded gt sells 2023 copies. Eyan achieved a higher sales efficiency through a smaller number of models. 37,585 vehicles were sold in August, an increase of 25.47 per cent compared to the previous month, with one vehicle accounting for nearly 45.2 per cent of the sales in the month.
Total equity/flowa (millions) is more competitive, and the spread of profits is expected to grow continuously as the share of mpv rises.
Fuel trucks need to be subdued, competition in the market has increased, and the two-fields are under pressure for profitability: according to FMC data, 2023.1-6 car sales in the narrow sense increased by 8.8%, with new sources of energy growing by 43.8% on a year-on-year basis, and fuel vehicle strategies. Toyota and Hirobita are mostly fuel trucks and hev, which are more affected.
The revenues from the joint venture of 2023h1 were $5.3 billion, a 37 per cent decline from the same period. Wide sales were made in January-June, 21.48 per cent. The two-field business performance showed a decline in income greater than sales and a decline in profits greater than income.
This has led to the loss of the size of sales, while Yakaku and Shakage intermediate cars are in the process of changing old and new models, which has affected them a lot. Toyota's performance is relatively stable, but there is still a need to keep sales on a larger scale by increasing the benefits, with 2023h1 having a lower average of 3.1% of the same price.
One billion yuan (compared to 127.2 billion yuan, 13.39 billion yuan and 14.06 billion yuan, respectively). We believe that the two fields have the advantage of mixing technology, and they still have the advantage of branding, cost and business management, s14805210003.
Corporate profitability forecasts and valuations: taking into account the increased competition in the car market, the decline in fuel-car demand in the two fields, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The price of raw materials rises faster than expected. Wide-gas group (601238): The impact of the size of the autonomous plate is evident, and the two fields are under pressure for profit from the decline in fuel-car demand.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Volkswagen Group (601238): The effects of the size of the autonomous plate show that the two fields are under pressure by the decline in fuel-car demand. Li Jinjin Nankai University has a master ' s degree in management, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.