Performance forecast for 2022: Performance meets expectations, printing Research Assistant Zhang Wenja Keyword: # Second Curve#City Increases
• The volume of the map has continued to increase and the product line has been further expanded: the company expects to collect about $5 billion in 2022, an increase of about 30 per cent in comparison with the year; the volume of printer sales has increased by about 40 per cent in relation to the same year; the volume of materials produced has increased by more than 60 per cent in relation to the same year, indicating that the city of the map has continued to grow in proportion to the rate of retention.
Step-by-step upgrades. The line has been expanded further, with a4-colour laser printer, a4-high-speed black- and white-laser printer sales increasing significantly on the same basis. We believe that, while the 2022 map may have been affected by a slowdown in demand in the letter-making market, with its high-quality products, it has been on the commercial market and on the commercial market.
We expect to grow faster abroad. As the demand for the IT market warms back in 2023, the map is expected to grow faster, building on the further expansion of the product line.
Over 7%; LCL management statement data show depreciation of interest tax and pre-amortization profit (ebitda) financial costs, as well as the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. LCL printer sales in 2022 grew by more than 20% on a year-on-year basis, the volume of shipments recovered, and as Oem orders were released gradually, the refinancing was reduced after completion.
With financial costs and repayment pressures, we expect a sustained recovery in the performance of the Alliance in 2023.  Non-printed chips are growing rapidly, and research and development inputs are increasing: the company expects to collect about $1.9 billion (of which about $1.3 billion is spent on printer chips) in 2022.
A complete product development process system that meets the highest level of motor function security “asil-d” and has the capacity to provide domestic and foreign customers with a functional safety standard-compliant car code mcu. In the industrial sector, the polar microindustrial level mcu has been successfully applied to elevator control, server drive, electricity.
In order to further develop the non-printing industry chip business, polar microscopic growth in R & D investment and the introduction of talent in 2022 has led to a significant increase in R & D costs over the same period.
The company has a strong position as a leader in the industry, with a strong bargaining power, and an epidemic.
“Nathda (002180): 2022 semi-annual report: performance against expectations, multi-operational advances”
There are three major financial forecasts for Nasda, and Dong Wu Securities Inc. has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.