This year's review of the position of the investors continues to increase, with the issuance of the annual performance report for 2017 and the collection of $43.3 billion in 2017, with an increase in yoys.
13.92% long, with net profits of $11.4 billion and a 10.71% increase in yoy, the company’s overall performance is consistent with the previous performance report. Looking ahead, with the return of overseas dominant listed companies and the support of domestic unicorn companies, the share of the company’s stock base market has risen steadily from two months of data; in addition, it has returned to management.
In a proactive context, firms have significant leadership in proactive management and are expected to continue to consolidate in the future; in international business, firms will be heavily transformed into investment banks in the future, with internationalized domestic leaders. Consider the future development of companies and maintain “buy-in” investment proposals.
The annual revenue of $43.3 billion was increased by 13.92 per cent for yoy, a net profit of $11.4 billion and a 10.71 per cent increase for yoy, and the company ' s overall performance was in line with previous performance reports; self-employment increased by 50 per cent over the year, benefiting from the increase in blue equity and interest rates: self-employment performed more than before.
Well, the overall rise in blue equity and higher interest rates have led to an increase in interest income on additional configuring bonds, with an increase of 5% in investment earnings, accounting for 12.7 billion dollars. Investment advantage continues to grow, market share continues to rise: in the banking sector, 17 years of refinancing have passed.
During the year, the company completed a master ' s underwriting of 87 bills for 22.1 billion yuan yuan, the city.
Brokering and financial performance is stable: in the case of brokering, the net revenue from middle-securities brokerage fell by 15.27 per cent in the context of market turnover and commission rates. In terms of market share, the net income from management fees fell by 10 per cent on the same basis, and in terms of market share, the rules for the management of corporate assets were applied.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: looking ahead, investing in business, with the return of listed companies abroad and the support of domestic Licorne companies, or going to have a steady increase in the market share of the firm ' s stock base in the conduct of the business; and investing in the company ' s initiatives, objectives
In the first place, a return to ownership in a highly regulated context would be the main development actor in the future, with the company itself taking a significant lead in proactive management; in international business, it is to be expected that the company will do more to invest in banking.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.