CCM (600030.sh): Quarterly review in 2018
S-06050501 Ma Xiangyun Investment drives high growth in performance, ifrs9 increases volatility in profits, and the gap in the investment capacity of bond dealers is even more pronounced.
With a strong net profit growth of 16.9 per cent in the first quarter of the Division, and against a robust base of the same year, the negative growth in performance was mainly due to: (a) the implementation of the new accounting standards for financial instruments, whereby investment-based financial assets were reclassified and part of the surplus was recorded in the current profit statement, thereby contributing to high performance elastic growth (and vice versa), as a result of the fact that:
This excellent investment performance will lead to a positive performance shift towards volatility and a widening of the margin of return on the investment of bonders; 2) I. Corporations, we believe that an outbreak of gains and losses on fair value changes is due, on the one hand, to an adjustment in accounting policies and, on the other hand, to the Division's active grasp of the quarterly debt market (the end-of-cycle leverage rate has again increased to 3.57 times, and is expected to be achieved through “plus”
We believe that the difference in the ability to invest will significantly widen the performance gap between the securities. Brokers, mixed markets, concentration of light assets, and cdr dividends.
The increase in the concentration of securities brokers will be reflected in the net income level, and companies are expected to continue to increase their net revenue market share through “diversification + institutionalization”. (ii) Net asset management revenues are rising in reverse terms by 11.9 per cent to 1,486 million yuan, and we judge that they benefit from proactive management on a high base (although).
In 2017, the proportion of companies targeted was as high as 90 per cent, but the size of active management was also as high as $623.1 billion, and the industry was in the forefront.
Heavy capital, innovation, and the advantages of overseas operations have become more apparent, with the “stronger” trend towards the best coupons.
Taking into account the tightening of the wind and the tightening of regulations, it is expected that resources will be concentrated on the front line; (2) Professional competence of companies in productive products and in the conduct of municipal operations, although prior to the suspension of private recruitment agencies in the field of off-site options, we believe that the growth of high off-the-shelf performance in 2017 resulted from the beginning of the business.
In terms of overseas operations, Cinélése has achieved rapid growth, and international operations are expected to become new growth points.
In the first quarter of the year, the combined net profit of 30 of the a-sharers fell by 11 per cent, with only Sino-Chinese and Hua Tai Gao growing, considering the change in the accounting treatment of Jiangsu Bank, with the best growth in the internal growth of the Chinese letter.
Investment advice: we emphasize the company as the bond dealer, capital business has a financial advantage, the corporate sector is significant, and the company is well-established.
The company's record of excellence during the first quarter of the year has been confirmed, and it continues to look forward to development.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board