Corporate rating — the securities industry — the industry's leading position is strong, net profit increases — middle-class securities (600030.sh)
In 2017, the company achieved its operating income of $43,292 million, an increase of 13.92 per cent over the previous year: net return to the mother.
Industry average. Business income and net profits in the securities sector were $311.3 billion in 2017. 2) Brokering was centred on customer demand, accelerating the transformation of wealth management. In 2017, companies achieved net revenue of $8.045 billion in brokering, a 15.27 per cent decrease in comparison with the previous generation.
Corporate brokerage is based on customer demand, accelerating the transition to wealth management. Large client size is built through stronger branch management and improved customer development service systems, on the one hand.
“Trust client” service brands, establishment of supermarkets for financial products, enhanced trading and configuration capacity, improved quality of services, and met the diversified wealth management needs of clients. (3) Investment and underwriting partners lead the way, and M & As have further increased market influence.
In 2017, the company achieved net operating income of $4.406 billion, a decrease of 18.24 per cent. In the dollar, the market share was 12.29 per cent; the principal was responsible for the total of 726 credit bonds of all types, with the main amount of underwriting being the first in the market.
A number of influential, innovative and exemplary reorganization transactions were completed, and for five years in a row, a professional evaluation of the professional competence of financial consultants for M & A reorganizations was obtained by the securities industry association, which further increased the market impact of the company ' s business.
(4) Self-employment income increased by more than 50% over the same period, driving corporate overall performance up 12.713 billion yuan net self-employment income in 2017, an increase of 53.82% over the same period. The growth in self-employment performance, on the one hand, is the firm’s ability to deliver on the market’s structural opportunities.
The cumulative increase of 21.78 per cent in the depth of 300 indexes is the result of an increase in the volume and percentage of asset management that continues to be the highest in the industry as a result of an increase in the net inflow of cash from the disposal of available-for-sale financial assets.
The company, as the leader of the securities industry, has a strong edge in the corporate business sector, with a balanced growth in business, and a strong combination of a number of businesses that are well advanced in the industry. In the current environment of strong regulation of the business lines of the securities dealers, the company is well-capitalized and well-regulated as a large portfolio.
There is an advantage in size and eligibility. So we look at the future performance growth prospects of companies, and market volatility has a strong impact on business.