NBV continues to press on, and the effort to clear up the human capacity has increased. Events: China has made the three-quarterly report in 2021, and has achieved business income of 90.463 billion yuan, compared to 601318 China Peace.
Mainly affected by the decline in Happiness in Huaxia, three quarters of the net profit of the mother is yoy-20.8 per cent.
The impact of the impairment was not further accounted for in three quarters. Operating profits were $118.74 billion, or +9.2 per cent, of which operating profits for life and health insurance ranged from -2.8 per cent to -72.7 billion. The nbv downturn was significant, and the agent’s “falseness” increased.
Judining won, arising from the “restriction” that led to a decline in the demand for guaranteed products, the “cleaning up” of agent channels, which resulted in a significant loss of sales personnel, and the mismatch between agent quality and client insurance needs: the new industry
In terms of human development, companies have accelerated their agents’ efforts to clear up, but the workforce has remained relatively stable. By q3, the number of people was 706,000, a decrease of 31.0% compared to the end of last year.
The company continues to push for a hierarchical change of agents: consolidation of the company's resources, consolidation of the diamond team, sustained promotion of the “Four Five Stars” business to strengthen the potential team, high-quality recruitment of agents through the “Foot Plus”, “Footy Plus” strategy, and promotion of newcomers. We believe that with the company's agents,
As channels reform deepens, the productivity of good performers will continue to improve, contributing positively to the company’s future premiums and to the growth of nbv. The combined cost rate of production insurance will decline, and the profit of fiscal operations will be yoy+20.2% over the third quarter.
\triangleright \triangleright \-92% to 199343 million yuan. Of this amount, vehicle and non-motorized vehicle insurance premiums decreased significantly (7.9% and -21.0%, respectively). Accident and health insurance \31.7%, respectively.
Overall cost rates have continued to optimize, falling by 1.8 pct to 97.3 per cent over the same period, and interest rate fluctuations and impairment increases have led to a slight drop in investment returns.
The company \triangleright will continue to increase its investment in healthy ecosystems and promote “insurance and health management” and “insurance”
In the third quarter of 2021, the company was upgraded to “Safety and Enjoyment of the Sinda Securities Company” and strengthened its collaboration with other medical resources within the group, such as a well-intentioned doctor.
In the upper end of the old-age market, Beijing City West Side is building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street.
In addition, the company has increased product innovation, developed differentiated products, and introduced a number of targeted services according to the needs of its clients.
Investment proposals: Impact of severe illness on overdrafting of guaranteed products, increased agent “cleaner” efforts \triangleright and mismatch between agent quality and client insurance needs, company year-round Nbv acceleration forecast
It's going to keep under pressure. Given the firm's strength, it's going to fall faster than the new one, it's still going to improve the performance of its proxies, and the diamond corps and potentials will be further strengthened; 2) the "beautiful plus" and "beautiful plus" strategies are expected to attract highly educated newcomers.
Strong overall team quality, 3) corporate product innovation, active expansion of the blue sea market, segmented population, life expectancy, etc.: 4) Sustained and strong investment in the medical ecology will be an effective anti-breathing insurance provider, and we expect that the results of the team ' s disillusionment will gradually become apparent, that the downward trend in the size of the team is expected to slow down and that the liabilities will be high.
There will be marginal improvements. The asset end impairments are relatively adequate, and the adverse effects of real estate have been counterbalanced. The risk of stagnating and future broad credit expectations have led to a revision of expectations for long-end interest rates, and risk factors: agent growth is not as fast as expected; life insurance reforms are not as fast as expected;
The \triangleright output has continued to decline significantly; large volatility in capital markets has led to a sharp decline in investment returns; and the downward trend in interest rates will narrow the spread of fixed-rate instruments and affect accounting profits.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for non-monetary financial research. Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, joined in April 2020.
Wang Ring, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, November 2019, Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, and studied non-banking finance. Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Kwangdan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Hong Kong, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to work in small and medium-sized municipalities, which have no connection, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.