In-depth report of the Helium stock (600346) is to be injected into petrochemical assets, and the refining of the integration project is to be expected on April 13th, 2017.
Shen Xiaogen  Company polyester industry chain complete: Helium shares were listed in 2016 with shell magma, and now have four major production bases in Suzhou, Cebu, Nantung, and Juntang, with a total of 1.4 million fumes for scrubbering civilian use.
Tons (of which fdy 1.1 million tonnes, dty 300,000 tonnes), industrial long wire 200,000 tonnes, polyester slices 700,000 tonnes, bopet film 200,000 tonnes, pbt resins 160,000 tonnes, 1 billion kwh and 2.2 million tonnes of steam supplies largely cover the main varieties downstream of polyesters, and industrial chain layout is complete.
The company has a very different product structure from its peers, with a very special product, 10d produced only in a consistent way. In the end-market where demand is changing rapidly, the company does not want it.
Productive capacity expands, but rather focuses on new products for research and development, forming rapid market response capabilities, and competing in high- and middle-end products that generate much higher profitability than their peers. We look at the growing ability of companies to continuously innovate, and to bring profits from civil silk operations.
▪ Proposed major asset restructuring to achieve deeper integration of the industrial chain: the company issues a plan to issue shares to purchase assets and raise matching funds, to issue shares to purchase 100 per cent of constant investment and constant refining and to raise matching funds, all of which are used for the “spiritual refining 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project”.
Once this reorganization has been implemented, the corporate chemical and petrochemical assets will be marketed as a whole, the industrial chain will be integrated in depth, and the associated transactions will be significantly reduced. The pta industry is at the bottom, with strong performance flexibility after the reorganization: Helium petrochemicals (Daren) is the current note.
Incoming capital investment core assets, with a pta capacity of 6.6 million tons, are the world’s largest single-manufacturing pta plant, the second largest pta producer in the country. The pta industry’s massive expansion is over, long-term low production capacity under processing fees is on the move, and the bottom of the landscape is warming.
The difference of US$ 100 per ton is 495 million in net gain, and the elasticity of performance is high. 20 million tons of refining integration projects are expected: the high rate of growth in our polyester industry has generated a huge demand for dibenzene, which in 2016 was 2.2.7 million tons of domestic demand, 12.36 million tons of imports and imports.
With up to 56% capacity, the constant pta plant alone needs 4.4 million tons of benzene raw material, solving 4.5 million tons of benzene production. The project uses an all-hydrogen process route, boiling slag oil plus hydrogen fission + solvent de-alkane mix of heavy oil processing techniques, built on “high start, high standards, stringent requirements”
The project has completed all the approval processes and started construction. It is the seven most advanced petrochemical sites in the new project and is expected to take the lead.
With $91.6 billion in revenue and $12.9 billion in profits, plus tax incentives and zero-loss advantages from pta-px integration, the expected economic benefits are significant.
A full-scale polyester industrial chain tap 1.1. Helium shares borrowed shell magmatic plastics. Helium shares were placed on the market in March 2016, supported financing was implemented in May, and listed companies were owned by the company.
Change of rubber general equipment and plastic processing products to more profitable civil scrubbers, industrial long wires and thermoelectric industry Change of registration from Dalian Rubber and Plastic Mechanics Ltd. to Herochemicals Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “single shares”), 9 June 2016, cash acquisition of physical control.
The capital sector has expanded to polyfat film (bopet) and polybenzene diphenylene.