Increased expansion of governance and wealth management, year-round performance: Chinese gold published a quarterly report in 2021 and 1q21 generated $5,933 million, compared to Chinese gold (60,1995)
Proactive management of the capital has driven income growth and has actively promoted internationalization and public fund-raising.
At the 2020 performance statement, the company re-emphasized the importance of internationalization, and recently sought to acquire offshore firms to move towards internationalization.
According to the successful experience of the International Lead Investment Initiative in the Development of Financial Resources, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are both home-grown developments and extended M&As, leading to a substantial increase in product systems and scale, a plan for extended M&As that match their industry status, the corporate development phase, and a rich product of management.
At the same time, at the end of March, the company announced its intention to set up a fully managed subsidiary, with a “one-for-one-for-one” regulatory requirement, to move closer to obtaining a publicly owned license, and the size and income of the company’s holdings are expected to increase.
With the implementation of the “King-a-China” strategy, the wealth management business is expected to go even further. 1q21 companies have earned $1.508 billion, an increase of 38.86 per cent, compared to $29.127 billion in financing, an increase of 105.26 per cent, and capital intermediation as a means of meeting the diversity of clients.
The remarkable performance, the rise in scale and the rise in the demand for wealth management, and the significant increase in the size of the mix and equity are evidence of the company's bonding of wealth management clients. The “China Golden Family” strategy emphasizes the strengthening of company-wide business agreements.
Deeper " Agency ' s operational advantages are evident and equal in purpose " , enhanced comprehensive financial services capacity to enhance customer stickyness, combined with active corporate deployment of public funds and extended M&As, the Chinese wealth management product system will be enriched and the customer capital will be enhanced.
The scale of production and average customer aum will be further increased, the size of wealth management and the quality of development are expected to remain strong, and the performance of the investment portfolio will be expected to increase in 2021. 1q21 will be realized, with operating income of $955 million, an increase of 9.27 per cent over the same period, with refinancing and bond underwriting performing well.
Different. As a result of tight and slower ipo audits, 1q20 companies have 4.09 billion ipo projects in size, 21 ipo projects are pending, with project reserves ranked 8th in number, due to the fact that the reserve projects are in the name of Sinda Securities.
Large projects are dominated, at least six projects are proposed to raise more than $5 billion, and reserve projects are proposed to raise funds in the second place in the industry of cindasecuitiesco.ltd. We think that the fall in the size of the company's ipo in the first quarter is just a review festival.
The ability and speed of companies to adapt to the more stringent ipo audits and quality improvements in the implementation of projects is better than the combined strength, project screening and wind control, pricing and sales.
Industry, with high growth expected in 2021. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: In terms of performance in 1q21 and 2020, corporate performance growth has fully benefited from a development strategy of “greater inputs, better performance”, total assets and scale of operations,
The company will accelerate the internationalization, the system of management and wealth management products will be enriched, and the customer's stickyness will be further enhanced. The company has a solid profitability, it will always outperform its colleagues, and it will be more profitable and efficient in the future.
Step up, and continue to lead the industry. We expect companies to grow net profits at \triangleright and expected rates in 2021-2023, with large stock market fluctuations leading to less than expected self-employment performance.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.