Communications from China: The results of the recent collection show up, ict aggregates, on 10 June 2021, research assistant Yao Kuo-hwa.
In recent days, China has moved to publish the results of the procurement of high-end routers and high-end switches and computer-based servers for 2021-2022, and the communications in China have shown good performance.
The results of a tender project were collected. In the third phase of China's mobile centralized network cloud pool, the first winner of the X86 platform server was Chinese communications, which continued to break, and in the 12t high-end router cr device, which was the second centre.
Markers (14 per cent, limited due to the new manufacturer ' s test principle), 400g-grade high-end routers are the second winner (30 per cent); we recall the tender data for China ' s mobile group service providers since 2016, which are being procured centrally on the pc server for 2016-2017, with only the bid package winning.
20 per cent of the winning bid; more than 2/3/4/5/7/8 of the successful bid package for the 2018 pc server in centralized procurement; more than 1/3/5/7 of the successful bid package for the 2020 pc server in procurement, all but the first successful bidder; and no share of the winning newsletter in the bid for the last five years
Upgraded, and expected to continue to make a breakthrough in the future as the combined strength continues to rise.
Middle-eating communications are the cornerstone of a sound upwards performance; the current state of business has become the second growth curve of central-economy communications, starting with high-end hardware switchboards, routers and servers that continue to break through, increasing their share, and promoting accelerated integration of the 5g+ industry, with a focus on energy, government and finance.
And in key markets such as the Internet, we believe that the central rise in communications is strong, that we are now in a position of dominance in many areas, such as car connectivity, finance, etc., and that the future lead is expected to continue, while at the same time further driving the central rise in communications performance steadily upwards.
Yearly 1 Quarter Review: Performance Growth Speed  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain the 2021 - 2023 Net Profit Profit Forecasts
The value of the pe is 26/22/18 x, and, as the leading global major equipment supplier, the operator's business continues to move up steadily with the optimal pattern of competition in the market, while contributing to the performance of the business of the government.
Upgrade, we keep looking at the future performance of middle-growth communications steadily upwards, thus maintaining the “buy-in” rating period, optimizing the market pattern contributing to a significant improvement in quality and internal and external disturbances.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board