• On 28 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2021, during which it achieved gross operating income of $26.24 billion.
Growth of 22.1 per cent over the same period; net return of RMB 2,118 million, or 179.7 per cent over the same year; net gain of RMB 790 million, or 392.1 per cent over the same period; higher performance in the first quarter and expected robust growth throughout the year
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $26.24 billion, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same period; a net return profit of 21.80 billion yuan, an increase of 179.7 per cent over the same period; and a non-recurring gain or loss of $1,394 million in the first quarter of 2021, mainly as a result of the transfer of 90 per cent of the shares of China Communications Technology Limited from Beijing during the reporting period, confirming a pre-tax profit of approximately 774 million.
The higher non-recurring gains and losses do not affect our judgement on the profitability of the company's main business, the unit within the company compared to the trend of 300 deep, there is a consistent trend towards positive growth, and the company achieves a non-repatriation net profit in the first quarter.
In 2021, the global share of the corporate portfolio is expected to rise steadily, with a gradual improvement in the public and business ict layout, while consumer operations continue to recover and corporate performance is expected to continue to grow.
The overall Māori rate for the company in the first quarter of 21 years was 35.4 per cent ring ratio +5.2 pct; the net interest rate was 7.94 per cent ring ratio + 2.42 pct, during which the financial cost to the company was 1.44 per cent, compared with 2.73 pct, mainly because exchange losses due to exchange rate fluctuations during the period were lower than the basis for the impact of the epidemic in the first quarter of 20 years, and the cost rate was normal in the first quarter of 21 years as company revenue continued.
Growth, rigidity of cost-side inputs, prospect of a rapid spread of future cost rates, boosting corporate profitability into a fast-release period. Transport capacity continued to improve. Inventory turnover days were about 180 days, with an increase of 20.76 days, mainly due to a quarterly increase in stock availability. Companies enhanced cash flow and sales receipts management, resulting in net cash flows generated by operating activities during the quarter.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 54,138 per cent, and net cash inflows for 10 consecutive quarters.
The company is the leader of the R & D-driven equipment firm, and according to data from the dell'oroggroup, the company's share in telecommunications was 10 per cent in 2020, an increase of 1 pct over the same year, ranked 4th in the world, ranked 2nd in the country, and the global share is expected to be steady.
The river is solid and the market share is expected to rise steadily; the 5g overseas construction is expected to follow up gradually, stretching the overall 5g construction cycle, and the company 1. Midway Communications - the annual reporting point of 00063-2020. Overseas markets are expected to recover.
Remark: The communications champion has been collecting high-quality growth throughout the year, waiting for us to maintain a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to be 26 x net profit returns in 2021-2023, and to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the continuous improvement in the quality of the company's operations.
Construction of 5g, both domestic and foreign; increased competition in the domestic market; and increased friction in trade between China and the United States.
Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai High School of Finance, Shanghai University of Transport and Communications. Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Shanghai University of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai University of Transport, 12 years of Deep Farmer Communication, formerly employed as Technology Ltd., Wireless Communications Researcher, Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Extension Manager of Cloud Computation Solutions, 2020
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.