On June 11, 2021, China’s Communications recently won multiple operator collection projects: 1.2, 25, China Mobile Proclamation 2021-2022
The results of the new equipment component collection project, which gathered approximately 2,351 million yuan in size, and the share of the winning 36.5 per cent in the Chinese newsletter, were ranked second, with a winning bid of about 858 million yuan; on 24 February, China ' s telecommunications announcement of 2021, China ' s Sky Wing Gateway of 40 million yuan in concentration; and on 7 June, China ' s mobile announcement of the closing of the computer-based server project for the third phase of the Network Clouds Pool
As a result, the total budget of the project was 2,154 million yuan (excluding taxes), and the X86 platform project was ranked 60% of the bid, number 1, with a winning bid of about 854 million yuan.
In the case of the extraction project, which was about 5 billion yuan in size, the company ' s combined share was the second. Four of the first (and second) of the 4.0 collection of the Sky Wing Gateway were awarded the first (another) and the winning 60 per cent was ranked the first, with the winning amount of about 3 billion yuan; (2) in the case of China ' s 2021 spen equipment collection project, the company ' s share was 12.12 per cent in 2020 (third in China, China).
To reach 36.5 per cent (second in number, and China in 41.4 per cent), the winning amount was approximately 858 million; (3) the company ' s share was first in the third phase of the computing server procurement project in China ' s Mobile Clouds Pool, where 60 per cent of the orders for the X86 platform server were awarded to package 1, with a winning amount of about 854 million yuan, while in China, the company ' s share was first in the purchase project
Moved the 2019 Central Network Clouds Pool 2 Engineering Data Center Exchange project, which won 31% of the bid and ranked second in share. The initial collection of domestic 5g products in 2020 fell due to intense competition, corporate overall Māori ratios in 2020, and corporate competition in 2021 for domestic telecommunications equipment was slowed down due to problems of continuity in the Chinese supply chain, among other things.
The winning share in the operator clustering project will increase significantly, while the overall Māori rate will rise. 5g three-phase collection pattern will be advanced and the company ' s share in the domestic and external market will increase continuously. 5g cluster bidding will be mainly for base stations, core network expansion, etc., and several recent series of operators will collect or collect 5g three issues
This round-up has increased significantly, and it is expected to perform well in the 5g 3 series. According to past bidding experience, the three tenders will sink more into the tri-line cities and the overseas equipment dealers will have a declining share.
With a combination of factors, Middle-Emergency Communications is expected to achieve a higher share in the 5g 3-episode, with robust growth expected in 2021. Overseas market companies have maintained a steady breakthrough, with 46 5g commercial contracts acquired overseas, and more than 70 global operators working together, and 5g bids overseas as the overseas epidemic has been brought under control.
In recent days, the China-China 5-gran programme has succeeded in becoming the first provider in the industry to protect the 5-gran product package through cceal3-plus certification, one of the most authoritative product safety certifications in the world.
Based on its professionalism and impartiality, cc certification has become an important judgement in international mainstream operators and related national official procurements.
Review: Māori net interest rate ring has improved significantly, operating quality has continued to improve - 210432. Sino-Engine Communications - annual reporting point 000063 - 2020
Remark: Year-round high-quality growth of communications taps, waiting to be staggered - 21018 5g domestic and foreign construction continues to advance, 5g penetration continues to rise, companies act as the world's fourth leader in equipment, technology reserves.
In fact, business growth is steady, assets are profitable and cash flows are on a positive trend, and future performance is expected to grow with high quality. In particular, the operator’s business is expected to rebound in the short term, with a long-term expansion of overseas shares, the country’s five-g series is about to start, the company’s five-g switch is about to begin, and the company’s strategic 5g smartphone market is expected to grow if the strategy goes well.
We maintain a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to be 3.5 billion yuan, a net return of 2021h1, and a return of 2021-2023, while the average in 2021x of three comparable companies in the major equipment industry, namely, fire communications, purple-light shares, and a sharper starnet, is maintained by the average of 31 x in 2021.
5g built at home and abroad; competition in the domestic market increased; and friction in trade between China and the United States increased. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, worked for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communications, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, Deep Farmer Communications for 12 years, formerly employed in China as Technology Ltd., Wireless Communication Research, Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Outreach Manager, Cloud Computation Solutions, 2020 Allies Democratic Securities, author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,