Li Tianfan won China's mobile projects, and the government and business have continued to work.
Purchase projects and centralized procurement of high-end routers and high-end switch products from 2021 to 2022. Recently, China was awarded a number of mobile projects, and government and business continued to work: 8 June, China was awarded a third phase of a computing server in China's mobile centralized network cloud pool, with a bid 1.
On June 9, the Ministry of Finance awarded China a proposal to move high-end routers and high-end switch products for the period from 2021 to 2022, of which 12t high-end routers won 14% of the bid, ranking third, as a newer vendor.
Breakthrough; 400g high-end routers won 30% of the bid, ranking second, with a total winning bid of about 23.13%, with several competitive products including numbering, cloud computing, transmission, broadband access, etc. The company’s winning share has risen steadily, increasing demand as domestic firms digitize.
The country’s 5g investment is steadily advancing, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to improve significantly: the combined capital expenditure of the country’s three major telecommunications operators amounted to $333 billion in 2020, an increase of 11.04% over the same period.
$17.57 billion; under the telecommunication operator ' s capital expenditure plan, capital spending is projected for the whole year 2021.
8.82 percentage points, short-term pressure on performance. It is expected that, with the growth of the 5g network and the decline in base-station systems, market competitive pressures will slow, and the Māori rate of corporate operators is expected to improve significantly compared to Māori, contributing to rapid growth in corporate performance.
Corporate investors as a share of the circulation a Profit forecast: 5g investment in the country and abroad continues to grow, with companies benefiting significantly more from the industry and their share in the global market expected to continue to rise. As the company’s Māori ratio continues to improve in the future,
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.