In May 2021, the center was full-fledged.
At its nineteenth meeting, the Committee on Further Reform emphasized “the need to reduce the burden of work and out-of-school training for students at the compulsory level” in order to provide a sound policy environment in which smart education operations can be scaled up. In July 2021, the Department of Education, among others, jointly issued a guide to the development of a quality education support system for the development of new infrastructure for education.
"by 2025, a new, highly structured, efficient, safe and reliable education system will be created. 1. " 1. Infrastructure system for the operation of science-based smart cars. "
2. Science majors (002230): high income and profit growth, i.e. 10,000 orders, including an overall overhaul of the City ' s smart school of 350 million yuan plus. Full representation of science majors flight 3. Science majors flight (002230.sz) in 2020.
In order to take the lead in intellectual education, the regulation of out-of-school training has been strengthened, highlighting the macro context of in-school education, through its data 2021 Quarterly Review: Profit and cash flows have created historical new strengths and advanced solutions that create differentiated competitiveness and continue to benefit from the wave of educational intelligence.
The second stage of the stock incentive program: Incentives to set high growth, dry face, and the “life-long virtual person” in the meta-cosm. Virtual anchors can be made on a brand-modified basis.
\triangleright is expected to become a digital asset with long-term corporate brand values.
The user interacts, while increasing the opportunities for transformation and the accumulation of digital human assets, and relies on its own strong numeracy to provide personalized services to absorb the diverse needs of those who perform well in education and health care.
The website of the Directorate-General of Radio, Television and Networks launched the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Science and Technology, which states: “Access to technological upgrading of the broadcasting system to promote the use of virtual anchors, animated sign language in newscasts, weather forecasts, and the rapid presentation of the Plan by the developers' conference on October 24th, the current company's 3d data people's micro-expression.
There has been some gradual progress, and the number of virtuals has increased to 54. The company's industry has taken the lead in initiating virtuals, interactive platforms that cut through the back-stage logic of text language, tone, facial expression, etc., creating a real assistant in the virtual world, and hopefully becoming the first virtual partner of the General Directorate of Wide Electricity with qualifications and plates.
With the company’s improved deployment of technology in ai, ar, vr, and 5g, combined with policy push and market demand, it has become a two-fold driver of “technology plus market.” The market has highlighted valuation advantages.
In the case of sub-areas, Quest has achieved full coverage of the i-industry chain, maintaining international leadership in the core technology of i-smart voice, computer vision, knowledge of intelligence, and so on, especially as the voice technology is strong, and the Chinese-language voice chain, which uses telecommunications as a nuclear weapon, is already in place. And, as one of the first investors in business and technology, Science and Technology, Science and Technology.
The depth of technology in the field of deep learning from flying and commercial soup technology is tied to a well-established algorithmic chain. Compared with the market value of both, it can be seen that the current market is $12.4 billion, with 13.25 billion in 20 years.
Investment proposal: As a domestic leader in artificial intelligence, companies achieve full coverage of the i-industry chain, while intellectual education takes the lead \triangleright benefits from artificial intelligence 2.0 and continuously obtains large orders. At the same time, industry takes the lead by applying its own core technology.
A virtual interactive platform has been set up to highlight the advantages of corporate valuations compared to recent marketed commercial and technical technology. It is expected that the methodology and analytical logic of the 2021-2023 ps score \triangleright will lead to conclusions, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively and that responsibility for its content and perspective will be taken into account. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.