— A summary of the events in Côte d'Ivoire (002230.sz), with detailed splitting and presentation of the operational and income targets at the end of the 1450s.
The annual income of hundreds of billions of dollars has been split, and education/platform 2c/medical/city/operator/cars, in terms of the 2g operating environment, respectively, will be completed in March 2022, with grass-roots government leaders from around the country, and we believe that the impact on the company 2g project will be reduced and the political-business relationship will be tested.
In terms of financial resources, we believe that adherence to the underlying strategy that is needed enables companies to gain more access to education, health care, etc., which is needed by the country to protect their lives. Digitalization is the country's priority infrastructure investment for the 14th and 5th cycles.
New infrastructure can also receive relatively high-priority financial support, and the company’s multi-year strategy, based on the local industry, can bring more comparative advantage to the company over the next two years. From the education-based projects, the company has been affected by the change of government + fiscal tightening – the epidemic for 21 years.
With 48 per cent growth in the income of the project, the addition of more than 20 district-level orders in the metropolitan area, and the fact that the company's education operations have been tested in 2021, we believe that as the effects of the change and the epidemic are reduced, the education plate will support the growth of the company's performance in the short term and maintain short-term attendance.
With regard to funding, we believe that the focus should be on government procurement by the education boards and on government uniforms.
The budget for 2022 in the subject of business, which is now the equivalent of 2022 in the Shanghai Education Bureau, Wuhan and Shanghai. 2022-02-11. Overall, we believe that the company's growth rate of 2g in 2022 will be repaired, thereby generating higher corporate revenues.
2c The slow pace of business development, the reduction of government subsidies, the decline in the value of assets, and other risks such as loss outside the business. My research view. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. Any changes have occurred. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute the said securities.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a purchase or sale offer or bid is independent of the company and the author.