Five grain fluids, 000858.sz.
This round of recovery is healthier, benefiting from rising consumption and rising private consumption, and we believe it will continue to rise in 2018. This round of recovery is healthier than the 2003-2012 decade of white wine gold: 1) this round of white wine recovery.
Sioux is driven by private consumption, with a relatively small share of three public consumption, with limited policy-level risk implications; 2) high-end white industry has a sound policy towards prices and has improved price control: 3) channel stocks are healthier: 4) history shows that each round of recovery in the white wine industry will not come to an end in the short term; 4) consumption rises
In this context, the concentration of the industry has increased, and the demand for high-end warms up, and the gene is so deep, the price system is so fine that, as a fragrance-shaped white wine tap, the company has a very deep history and a very strong branding power in 2016.
Initially, the company worked to streamline the price system, insisting on a “control premium” strategy, and the P5 price had increased from an unplanned supply of stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) to a better sale with a much more aggressive channel.
The product structure is optimized, the channel structure is improved, the product lines are streamlined, and companies introduce the 1+3+5 strategy. Through branding, the brand structure is made clearer, covering different consumer groups and avoiding malignant competition between brands.
On the one hand, efforts have been stepped up to build a system of special stores, creating “many shops in hundreds of cities” and, on the other hand, active efforts have been made to expand access to electricity and to upgrade the control of terminals through the “Five Grain Shops.” This is expected to increase by 16.7 per cent to 17 million tons per year, with more than 30,000 tons expected in 2020.
2) Prices: Considering that Mao Dai has taken the lead in raising the price of the plant by 18%, the prices of the company’s products are favourable, the profits of the channel are not optimized, and the basis for raising the price of the plant is available. Moreover, the company will continue to operate on a two-track basis next year, with the planned internal and external ratio adjusted from 9:1 to 1:1. The current P5/out-of-plan price is $739/839.
4) Cost rate: The company actively promotes efficiency gains, overall budget management continues, and we expect a steady decrease in the cost of the public administration. High-end alcohol sales fall short of expectations, food safety issues.
1) Volume: According to feedback from the 1218 Distributors Congress, the five grains will be released in 2018 in excess of 20,000 tons and in 2017 in advance of 2. Given that Mao Dai has taken the lead in raising the price of the plant by 18%, the current prices of the company ' s products are favourable, the profits of the channel are better, and the company has the basis to raise the price of the plant. In addition, the company will continue the two-track system next year, with an internal and external ratio.
4) Cost rate: The company actively promotes efficiency gains, overall budget management continues, and we expect the cost rate to be different from the public perception of the company as a strong white wine leader with a deeper moat. As the company ' s products and channels are reformed, future performance will continue.
High growth is expected to continue. We believe that high-quality leading companies should be given higher valuation premiums and future performance increases 1) higher prices than expected; 2) higher-than-expected end sales, higher-end alcohol sales, less than expected;
Food safety issues (i) Company profile and history: China's first wine of fragrance, with a long history. Five grain fluids are an outstanding representative of the fragrance of white wine, with sorghum, rice, sorghum.
Five grains of rice, wheat, and corn are known for their unique style, which is “long fragrance, thick odors, gluten entrances, clean throats, symmetry, right taste, and full taste of wine.” In 1957, eight ancient wine-making workshops were set up as the “China special-selling company, the Ying Bin Bing factory” and then renamed it the “E-Bing Five Food and fluid factory”.
The white wine industry has gone through the golden decade of 2003-2012 and beyond 2013.
After five stages of adjustment, the five grain fluids return to the upwards route. In 1989-1994, the five grain fluids took the lead in raising the price of wine, and their brand power and market share increased significantly: in 1995-2002, the five grain fluid resources expanded and high- and low-end products were released through the oem innovation model; in 2003-2012, the white wine industry moved into gold.
Ten years later, the company launched the “1+9+8” brand project, focusing on the downfall of channels and achieving high growth in sales and revenues; since 2013, the company has taken the initiative to adjust product prices, control inventory clean-up and return prices to the upswing path. (ii) Historical financial position
As a result of policies such as “3-public consumption” and plastics events, the white wine industry has been in a period of deep adjustment since the second half of 2012, and corporate performance has declined. In 2015, with the steady recovery of the industry as a whole and rising consumption, corporate performance began with a period of change.
After taking office, the new Chairman of the Board began work on the quality of products, channels, brands, and management, and continued to deepen reforms and move towards fine management. In addition, the new Chairman proposed a slogan, “Advanced, re-started, re-emerging,” in strategic focus, quality enhancement, branding, and marketing.
State-owned enterprises, most of them executives, hold shares. The company is a state-owned institutional enterprise, with the first shareholder being the Iobin City State Asset Management Company, which holds 100% of the shares of the State Treasury, holding 36% of the shares. The second largest share is the Iobin Five Food and Liquids Group, holding 20% of the shares.
The company’s governance structure is more rational, with most executives of corporate groups and listed companies holding shares in listed companies, either directly or indirectly, fully mobilizing managerial motivation. Corporate executives are generally older, with a high overall level of education, mostly undergraduate and master’s degrees.
ii. The white wine industry is up, high demand is back on, (i) the private consumption is up, the industry is up, the disposable income of our people is rising faster, and the purchasing power of the population is rising.
In 2016, urban residents increased their disposable income by 7.76% compared to the previous year, and sustained income growth was positive for consumers’ willingness and ability to consume. In terms of high-end and disposable income, the relative purchasing power of the population has increased considerably.
According to the bcg report, the increase in domestic consumption over the next five years will be driven mainly by the rapidly expanding upper middle and wealthier classes. In 2020, the share of upper middle and wealthier households in the total number of households in China will rise from 18% to 29%.
Personal and commercial consumption rose rapidly, from 18% and 45% in 2012 to 45% and 50% in 2014. The white wine industry recovered, with a continuing upturn.
In 2013, with policies such as the restriction of “triple public consumption” and the ban on drinking and driving, the white industry left gold for ten years and entered a low-end period. White wine companies experienced a sharp decline in production, income, profits, and product prices. After three years of adjustment, the white industry began to recover in 15 years.
The economy has gradually recovered and the industry has continued to rise in 16-17 years. (ii) High-end white wine has a large space and is expected to increase its concentration.
The fee-payers have gradually returned to rationality, and the main consumption has shifted from government to private and commercial consumption. However, the white wine industry continues to experience a serious overcapacity problem. As competition in the industry has increased, large firms continue to undertake mergers and acquisitions of small businesses, and small, less capable white wine businesses face a phase-out.
Brands have significant advantages, high-end white wines have been marketed through brands. (1) Business consumption of high-end alcohol differs from the focus of personal consumption of high-end alcohol, which focuses on identity and status symbols, and brands dominate consumers’ choices.
The main drivers of the consumption of high-end white wine by individual consumers are their consumption habits and income levels, which are rising in the current environment. Under both factors, high-end white wine will show an accelerated annual white wine visibility index, with a much greater profile than other white wine businesses.
In the short term, it will be difficult to change the image of consumption, based on product quality, through long-term marketing. (iii) Compared to the golden decade of white wine, the recovery is healthier.
From 2003 to 2012, the year was truly a golden decade for white wine, with industrial output rising from 3.31 million tons to 11.53 million tons, speed of cagr, high growth in fixed-asset investments, and high demand for white wine in government were among the major drivers of the last round. The three main features of the last round of cattle markets were: 1) high-end white wine prices opened up the industry space; 2) industry landscapes spread over time.
First, in terms of prices and terminal prices, Mau has not increased in five years, and the price of lots and terminals is lower than in the previous round.
Third, the recovery is driven by private consumption, with a smaller share of three public consumption and a lower policy-level risk impact. Fourth, from historical experience, the recovery trend in the white industry will not be followed by any recovery.
At the end of the short term, the upward cycle of the round is expected to last at least two to three years.
In the broader context of rising consumption, consumers prefer older brands of quality. The quality perception of white wine is derived from brands, and scarcely-known branded resources turn into protection for the white wine industry, building barriers to competition in their industries.
Four times were awarded the National Gold Medal for high-quality products: "Five Grains" in 1991 as China's first "Ten Starmarks" and "Five Food Springs" in 2008 as China's brand and "Five Foods and Alcohol" in 2009.
At the end of 2016, the company announced a 25% reduction in supply in the P5 scheme and an unlimited number of unplanned supplies. Under its price strategy, the company managed to address inventory and price reversals while keeping sales open.
High-end demand for white wine continues to rise, increasing the profits of distributors, thus increasing the motivation of distributors.
The price increases are mainly driven by management, which adheres to the “control policy” strategy. Over the past two years, companies have worked to streamline the price system.
After the next price increase, the bulk price of the five grains rose from $540 at the beginning of 2015 to the current $810, and the single bottle price rose by nearly $300. Since the end of 2016, P5 has been successfully sold.
In the meantime, it can be seen that the promotion of brand pulls from “price increases” to “expanding dealer profits” boosts, and the development of (ii) product power: full price belts, focused “1+3+5” structure, full price belts, with a high-end share of over 70%.
Overall coverage of ultra-high, middle and low-end markets. In 2016 income structure, high-end products accounted for 71% and low- and medium-end products for 22%. Of this, most of the market share of high-end alcohol was contributed by ordinary five-food fluids, accounting for nearly 90%.
In 1997, several national brands were launched, such as the Five Food Springs, the Five Feathers, the Five Feathers, and the Five Feathers, and, in 1997, the company repositioned its product strategy by proposing the “1+5+n” strategy, namely, the Five Grain fluids, the Five Feathers, the Five Feathers, the Five Feathers, the Five Feathers, and the regional brands.
In 2016, the company launched the “1+3+5” strategy to streamline the product lines. “1” is P5 and the price is more than 600:3 is 1618, the price of a glass of wine and a low five grain fluid, and the price is more than 600:5 is the price of five grain springs, five grains of ol, special curls, softy and six and liquids, ranging from dozens to 300.
Through brand collating, the brand structure is made clear, covering different consumer groups and avoiding malignant competition between brands. Currently, the five-grain liquid product lines are relatively simple, focusing on the creation of large singles and phasing out low-value-contribution products. (iii) Channels: adjust channel structures to improve end control.
In 2013, the industry entered a period of restructuring, with companies adjusting their channels. For large dealers, companies focused on nurturing; for small dealers with less capacity, companies put a high quality, leaving a small group of dealers out of the distribution channel, and exercising strict control. In 2016, in the context of the recovery of the industry, companies actively controlled large distributors and distributors.
Structure of small distributors: for large distributors, reduction of 25 per cent of planned supply; increase in the number of small distributors, continuous optimization of channel structures and enhancement of corporate control over markets and profitability; creation of five product departments, integrated brand management. In 2015, the company transformed the Market Department into the Department of Brand Management.
There are five branches: the Department of Brand Management, the Sales Management Service, the Supervision and Inspection Service, the Special Channel Management Service and the Integrated Services Service, which are responsible for managing corporate brands and, with the support of other marketing centres, for focusing on core brands and controlling the market price and quantity of products in a timely manner.
The company has set up seven major marketing centres, deep-farming channels. In 2013, the five-food fluids were reformed and seven marketing centres were set up in North, South, China, South, South West, North West, Northeast, from brand management to regional management, while the main distributors and small distributors operated in an effective manner in conjunction with the direct distribution model. Through regionalization marketing management, the five-food centres operated.
The fluids set their own marketing targets according to the characteristics of each centre, increasing the sophistication of market management, the speed of market response, the hundreds of millions, and the six other centres are expected to reach over 12 billion this year. Under the deep-deep line, the effort is being made to sink the channels.
In hundreds of medium-sized and large cities, thousands of districts have retail terminals. The main objectives are: (i) to sink further, to strengthen end-marketing and control of the terminal; (ii) to fine-tune marketing and to directly control consumer consumption trends; and (iii) to change the company’s previous pattern of rough sales.
On the power line, the Internet channels are being actively created. Companies actively promote Internet distribution channels, contributing to higher sales revenues from the company’s network channels.
To promote the development of b-and-b2-c-supplier platforms. And, in the mix, the company has $631 million for the development of service e-commerce platforms: (2) to continue to strengthen further cooperation with existing power suppliers.
(iv) Management: fine-tuning incentives, deepening management reforms, and introducing multi-stakeholder participation. In October 2015, the Five Food and Liquid Nations Reform Programme was launched. The company proposes to develop $10 million shares in non-public development banks, and the total amount of funds to be raised does not exceed $2.334 billion. The main sources of subscriptions are: (1) top managers.
The fund-raising will be used entirely for information-building, marketing centres, and service-based e-commerce platforms.
Reform of existing mechanisms to fully release the dynamism of the enterprise. (i) Promotion of business efficiency through employee ownership schemes that bind the interests of the employee to the company and promote the cohesion and motivation of high-level employees; (ii) stability of corporate channels and the opening of new markets through stock-holding schemes with deep binding channels and corporate interests; and (iii) introduction of strategic investors to improve the company.
Equity structures and governance structures, and the establishment of efficient decision-making systems: (4) Additional funds mobilized for investment information building, marketing centre building, service e-commerce platform projects will enhance the ability of companies to collect and respond to market information, improve their marketing networks and invigorate corporate business development.
According to company news, the new leader has come into office and is pragmatic, focused on production, marketing, and is expected to consolidate the resources of the provincial economic and financial commissions. Lee is the chairman of the Five Grain Group, proposing the slogan “Advanced to the target, secondary entrepreneurship, and re-emerging.”
To this end, companies have responded at the strategic focus level, brand level, quality-building level, and marketing level. Figure 34: Director Lee's personal experience. Strategic level: brand value re-engineering and governance transformation.
At the same time, strengthening the modern public-sector governance system, promoting reforms in state enterprises, and further stimulating the dynamism of state-owned capital through market-based operations. The brand dimension: increasing the value of core brands.
A series of wines, including five grains of alcohol, five grains of special headlines, five grains of food springs, and ten billion in 2018. Companies see the division of middle-end markets as the key to the next round of growth.
Quality-building dimension: the heart of the craft, fermented with an old cellar pool. Each year, five grain fluids produce ten million tons of base alcohol, with only marketing aspects: price collage, channel construction. High-end wine marketing is price marketing, the company stimulates demand in a way that controls the price of five grain fluids, and is able to sink through the channel, make ends, and form a good high-price mechanism. Currently, five grain fluids.
The price difference between the offer and the wholesale price is still small, and the company will stabilize the price of the plant, improve the price, and let the profit be given to the distributors, thereby facilitating the construction of the channel. The next five grains will be transformed from crude trade marketing to a refined channel model of “manufacturing shops in hundreds of cities” and will introduce big data and cloud computing.
1) Volume: According to feedback from the 1218 Distributors Congress, the five grains will be released in 2018 in excess of 20,000 tons and in 2017 in advance of 2. Given that Maotai has taken the lead in raising the price of the plant by 18% to improve supply and demand stress, the prices of the company ' s products are now favourable, profit from the channels is optimal, and the company has the basis to raise the price of the plant. In addition, the company will continue to operate double next year.
Track system, adjusted from 9:1 to 1:1. Current/out-of-plan prices in Plan Five are $739/839. We 4) Cost: Companies actively promote lower efficiency gains, overall budget management continues, and we expect higher rates of consumption, less than expected, food safety issues.
In 2012, the fifth team member of the Crystalball Industry, working on the analysis of the agro-forestry and pastoral fisheries industry at the Institute, was good at managing the industry cycle, researching dozens of listed companies in the field, and good at digging investment values.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.