♪ lulangyeyibin forecastchange asia ♪
♪ China reauters bloomberg ♪
♪ Consumer shz alcohol&tobacco ♪
I'm sorry, don't leave the party so late;
I'm sorry, maryuan entering secretrowthcycle researchanalyst.
I mean, after all, it's 130% of the privatehikeinpast 12month, markethasincreasing concernsonof either othereisstillupside. ourviewispositive.weexpect the companytoeracilarrowthperiodin2018-19,anditseerningstogrove
Anneling at 29% cagrin 2018-20, drivenbymanage'sstrangecentincentivesfororgrowth researchanalyst
Wereviseup ourtargetpricetorm98, imprinting 27x2018p/e.wereinteratebuy.
During 1218distribuctormeering, wuliangyemanagementicadochieve rosssalesoffrmb40bnin2018andrmb60bnin20202020 (vsrm30bnin2017e).
I don't know what to say, but I think it's a good idea to do something about it, but it's a good idea to do something about it.
I don't know, I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
10% to 30%. Webelievuliangyeis the biggestbeneficiaryoftheprittehike, helpbytheexpandinghighendliquor
-Wuliangyeyibin shenzhenindex (rebased)
40% torm 98basedondcfmodel.wearechangingofourvaluationmethodologyromev/ebitdatodcfaswebelievedcfmodelcanincorporate
Long-termgrovethandsolidcastflow.downsiderisk: Channelde-stockingin high-endliquorsector; foodsafety; worldexpecidmacrofaislowdown.deutschebankag/hongkong
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"The company will be able to find a way out of the situation."
Inbanding, untilthemarketinginallchannelsandenhanceits
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time that I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I'm going to do it, and it's going to be the first time I's going to do it, and it's going to be the next time I's going to do it, and it's going to be the next.
Webeliewuliangyecouldachieitssalesgrovethtargetin 2018-20. The measurescantransformromasoecompanytosolidfmcgcompany
I mean, with company, branding and productions.more important, wuliangye'smanagehasslongincentivestorievethetarget, given1) the company's managementsharesschemeasbeenapprovedbygratorsand
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to do it.
I don't know, but I'm not sure that I'm the only one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I's going to be the one who's going to be the other.
I don't know, moutai'pricehikeshouldresultindicatingdemandforwuliangye.inthe retailend, theextpandingpricega willledtopartofprivatetion (who is private)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The keydrawerswillbedoubleigitvolutimorrowthinmainstreamwuliangye,
IncreasingSalesfromlow-endwuliangye (targettoachieverm10bnin 2018), andhigherportionofhhhighpricewiangye.Thelist-co:toachieverm60bnsalesbytheendof 13th fiveyyearplan
2020, includingrm40bnformainstreamwuliangyeandrmb20bn forlowendwuliangye.thegroup:toachieverm100bnsalesby202020.managementalso
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1500 specialstoresin 2018. Branding: toincreaseinvestingsonlinemarkingandinteractions.
It's not like I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I.e.customized wuliangyeandchinezodiacwuliangye; 2) the milled liquorstartinginyoungerconsumers; and 3) internationalversionof wuliangye.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
Selfingexpenseratiototacistabilizeanddeclineintextnewyears 4.positiveinliquorindustrytrendin2018. managementisoptisisticandprudinhidinhidigendlicorctor, and
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be there, and I'm going to be together, and I'm going to be together, and I'm going to be together, and I'm going to be together and seeing internationalmoremoremoremoremore-and-internationalmoretimetimetimementmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentmentor"one"one"one"one
Oneload' program. I mean, the highend liquatorwillcontinuetogainmarketshare fromlowendsectronsumers' tradingup.
For 2018, werecast 31% Salesgroveth, whichislargelyinlinewithmanagement guidance, factoring 18% volumegrovethformainstreamproducts, 12% price increasefromprodutmix, and 33% salesgrovestromlowendmassproduces.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
- 2% terminalgrovethrate (inlinewithlongterminflation ourtargetp/eisslightlylowerthan 30x2018p/eforchinaliquorsector; wuliangyecurrentlytradesat10%discounttomoutai'sduetoitsweaker
Wearing valuation ethodologyfromev/ebitdatodcfapproach,
I'm sorry, webeliavedfaapproachcouldincorratewuliangye'slong-term helpbyitsinvesting inchannelsandbrandings; 2) dccapproachcoud alsoincolporatewuliangye'sincreasingclowflowingcapabilities; with
Increatingbrandingpowers, wuliangye's workingcapilisimprovingasit requireincreasing nümberofistributustortemadevancepaymentberefore every.downsiderisk:channelde-stockinginh-endliquorsector; food
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm just...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Reuters: 000858.sz bloomberg:000858ch company profile
"Wuliang Spring", "wuliang Chun" and "jianzhuang".
I don't know, maryuan importantdiscussions analystcertification.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy who's the guy.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, equityratingkey buy: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftotalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprisprrent)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold:wetakeatiltview12-montthsoutand, besedonthistimeherizion,donotrecommendeotherabuy newlyissueresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, guys.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be introspective. deutschebankissesavarietofresearchproducts, includingfundamentalanalysis, equity-linked analysis, quantientativeanalysisandtradeideas.commenationscontaininedinetypeofcompunificationmayiffer from recommendationscontaininides, hetheotherasalestofifferiffertimehorizons, methodogies, perspectivates
I don't know, ortherwise.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliatesmayalsobeholdingdebtorequitysecuritiesoftheissiersitwries on.alystsarepaidinpartasedontheprofibilityofdeutschebankandandsaffiliates, whichincludesinvesting banking, tradingandprincipaltrainingrevenues.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And with deutschebanksalespersonsandtraders, tradingstratégesoridehatreferencedatalystsoreventsthatmay have anaear-termormedium-termimpacton themarketpriceofthesecuritiesdiscussedinthrisk
I don't know what you're talking about, here in.deutschenkhankhasnoobligationtoupdate, modifluoroportortootherwiwisentifyarepicietheofifififififfanopinion,forcastorestimaticsorcessorsorceorcuate.coverageandthefrencofchangesinmarketkeyconditionsandinbothgeneräpany-specificconomic prospecetsmäkeidirectivetoupdateresearchcased.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The deutschebankresearchpartmentistindependorofotherbusinessdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding organisationalalarrangementsandinformation
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and (iii) currencesmaybesubjectvoluationoverment-imposedexhangecontrols, which should affect thevalueofthecurrence.investsinsecuriuschasadrs, whosevaluesareoffectedby thecurrencenyofan undercovering security, effactivelyassememrecurencyrisk.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's just that I'm not the only one who's going to do it, but it's the only one who's going to do it.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying, I'm just saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
4444.itisrestered by the securitiesandexchangaboardofindia(sebi)astockbrokerbearingregistration nos.: nse (capitalmarketsegment)-inb 231196834, nse (f&osegment) inf23119834, nse (currencedélivatives segment)ine 23119834, bse (capitamalketsetsegment) inb0111196830; mechantbankerbearingsedirectation
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. 10000108 andresearchedanalybrebiriredationno. in 00001741.deiplmayverevevevevevevevevevedadministivewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofofindianregulations.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliate(s)may havedebtholdingsorpositionsinthesubjectcompany.
(dsi) .registral-registersafinancial instrumentsdealerbytheheadofthekantocalfinancebureau (kinsho) No. 117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinacianlinstrumentsfirmsassociationandthefinancialfuturesassassociationofjapan.commmissionsandrissksinvolved
I don't know what you're talking about.
Foreignexhangeflactations. Wemaysochargecommissionsandfeesforcentataincategoriesofinvendmentadvices, productsandservices.recommendations, productsandservicescarrytheiskoflosestoprincipal and otherlossesasolsultochangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflactationsinmarketvalue.before
"Mody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentedIporteroreot registereddirectionagencesjapanlessjapanesjapanor" nippon"iscipatedstatestatenameoftheity.
I don't know, reportsonjapaneselisted companynotwrittenanalystsofsiarewrittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalysts here with the coveragecompaniespefiedbydsi.somoftheforignsecuritiesstatedthistrarenorotdiscordered to the financialinstrumentsandhangelawofjafjapan.targetpricetbydeutschebank'sequityanalysarebed
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Numberinousouthafrica: 1998/003298/10). Singapore:thisreportissuiedbydeutschebankag, singaporebrandeurdeutschecuritiesassiaalimited, singaporebranch (onerafflesquay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +6564238001), whichmaycontatedrespect
I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
In the case of the scopeofitsexisting and license.itsprincipalplaceofbusinsaudiarabia: kingfahadroad, alalaya survey, p.o.box301809, faisaliahtower-17thloor, 11372riyadh, saudiarabia. untedarabemirates:deutschebankaginthedubaiinternationalcentre (registeredno.00045)
By the dubainancialeservicesauthority.deutschebankag-difcbranchmayundertakeonly thefinancialservices activisthatfall related to the scopeofotsexistedfsalicense.itsprincipialplaceofbusinessinthedifc:dubai internationalfinciancentre, thegatevillage, building5, pobox504902, dubai,u.a.thisformationhasbeen
I don't know what you're talking about.
Australiancorporationsactivenewzealandfinanciandvisorsact, actively.pleasertoaustralia-specific whereresearchresearchrestoanyparticularfincianproduceprocurateproditionproduce, propactusorotherapplicablediscaureauturebeforma
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're doing, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure that I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headopacrearch globalchiefoperingofficer headofamericasresearch
♪ Globalheadofeconomics research globalheadofequirateresearch ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Pamfinelli globalheadof headofemea ♪
Headofac Globalheadof debtresearch
We're not going to be able to do anything about it.
I don't know, and I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Headofresearch-germany and qisresearch international production conventions
Deutschebankag deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2-11-1 nagatacho internationalcommercecentre, sannoparktower
60329Frankfurtammain Cornerofhunter & Philliptreets 1austinroadwest, kowloon,
I'm not sure if you're the one who's going to be here.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1 Greatwinchesterstreet 60wallstreet londonec2n2eq
I don't know what you're talking about.