In-depth report of the company's in-depth report on the food and beverage industry Monday, 26 February 2018
The five-fruit moat □ the moat with social attributes, emotional properties, addictions, high-end products are already "friends of time" and the different fragrances have the same consumer stickyness and long-term viability.
The golden age of magnified growth is now entering the era of squeezed growth, with overall production and sales increasing at a slower pace, competition patterns being relatively clear, and market shares being concentrated further towards the elite. This round has returned, with Su taking the lead from the high-end alcohol industry.
There's a long-term investment value for the advanced, high-end branded wine industry. □ Five grains of wine is the first wine of the past century, the Chinese White Wine King.
Innovatively aware and well-established channels, asset and liability ratios, sales of Māori, net interest rates, and roe (for the first time) have performed well in the industry, reflecting greater sustainable profitability and a broader moat.
Incentives such as open management vision, clear objectives, strong implementation, equity ownership by staff and distributors, fast-tracking, well-structured product lines, efficient implementation of the “Manufactured Places of the Hundred Cities” project, expansion of the international market on a “one-way” basis, continuous phased results of the second new venture, medium- and long-term competition
□ In line with the trends in the white wine industry, integrated company planning objectives, market performance, etc., pre-empted coverage, “recommended” security incidents, other systemic risks, based on the “basis river”, industry status, business layout of the five grain fluids.
1. Medium- and long-term investment value in the white industry 1.1 Product properties of high-end white wine
In the same vein, "Little is Chen's fragrance", high-end white wine can be stored for a longer period, the price of old wine is often more expensive than the new wine that has just been marketed, the stock can produce annual wine, and some (e.g. poo-tops, five grain fluids) even have a collection value. In this sense, high-end white wine is a property of consumer goods and investment goods.
White wine represents a particular consumer's taste preferences and is more sticky. On the basis of differences such as the brewing process (e.g. the cellar pool), the white wine is divided mainly into sauce, fragrance, chimpanzee, fragrance, fragrance, truffle, rice, etc.
The fragrances of lasagna, old white dry fragrances, etc., match the unique natural environment (climatic, water, soil), cultural origin, brewing of wine, fermentation tools, etc., the white wine production has a strong geographical dimension, and the largest white wine-producing area in the country is Kawananbei, known as “China's wine heart”, Mao Dai (complimental), 5-food fluids (e-Bing), and the old Kanzhou.
In terms of fragrance, the market share of the fragrance type of white wine is more than 70% of the total amount of white wine in the country: at the same time, the track is the most crowded, with the Sichuans (the five grain fluids, the old cellars in Sichuan State, and the sword in Nanchun).
The social, emotional, and addictive nature of white wine. The history of Chinese wine brewing dates back to 3,000 years ago (the time of business week), where alcohol and culture are very rich and sophisticated, ranging from literary creation and entertainment to eating and cooking and subsistence protection.
In terms of social attributes, there has been “no alcohol, no wine,” “no wine, no wine, no wine,” especially in such important political affairs, business, holidays, weddings, etc. The Chinese “face culture” makes the drinking of high-end white wine a symbol of identity and class.
In terms of ecstasy, drinking when you're happy, drinking when you're sad, drinking when you're sad, drinking, when you're in a mood, when you're lonely, when you're alone, drinking, when you're lonely, when you're lonely, when you're alone, when you're three people. In terms of addiction, long-term drinkers are physically dependent and addictive.
In other words, white wine has the characteristics of “soft addiction”. These attributes determine that the consumption of white wine will be a long-term elimination of 1.2 white wine industry from the golden age to the silver age, with a simpler and clearer business model, a mature brewing process, a high Maori rate and a high investment value.
As far as the secondary market is concerned, in terms of the rate of return on investment, the roe of the white wine industry, which has long been at the forefront of all three sub-sectors in Shin Wan, is a track of long-term high interest for investors. The white wine industry is a traditional industry and a national brand, and it is an important part of our food industry.
With high rates of revenue and therefore close to local governments, most of the white wine businesses are local state companies, some of which play an important role in the local economy. Public consumption has been a significant proportion of the sales of white wine, and therefore the development of the white wine industry has been influenced by policies (such as restraining orders, consumer taxes) and has shown a certain cyclicality.
Since the reform and opening of the industry, the white industry has been growing at a very rapid pace, with local wine factories operating everywhere. With the liberalization of the price-fixing power in 1988, the brand-new liquor industry, headed by a five-food fluid, began to raise prices, but named a fine white wine.
Still in short supply, well-known wines such as Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, wines, etc. have started the process of expanding their production capacity, and Qin Chi, Koo, etc., have become a scene. As a result of the Asian financial crisis, our market is weak, we have a lot of alcohol on the verge of bankruptcy, and we add the negative effects of the Shanxi Shore case, and the white wine industry has gone down the road.
In 2003-2012, known as the “Golden Decade” for the White Liquor Industry, which began with a significant increase in political and commercial consumption after investment of 4 trillion dollars, ended in 2012 with a restriction on consumption and plasticizers by the three publics. Over the decade, the White Liquor Industry produced a combined annual growth rate of about 14%, high prices of high-end white wine such as “thirties” and a steady rise in product lines.
Since 2013, prices in the high-end white wine market have been falling, big liquor companies have been working on their hips, product structures have expanded to the lower and medium ends, and the importance of channel construction has increased. In August 2015, the high-end white wine was raised for the first time, signalling the start of a new recovery.
In terms of consumption structure, the consumption of the three publics is being curbed, and the share of commercial consumption, personal consumption (e.g., family dinners) is rising. The white and wine industry has entered the “white age” with a combination of factors such as our demographic structure, urbanization, per capita alcohol consumption, and the consumption habits of young people.
At this stage, market capacity tends to saturate, industry competition will become more intense, the white wine industry will shift from expansionary growth to squeezed growth, and industry concentration will increase further.
In terms of this round of recovery, the performance of better products, brands, channels and brands has risen steadily, and the market share has expanded steadily, as reflected in the rising share of profits in the industry (for example, in the top six publicly listed liquor businesses, such as Kotai in Guizhou, Mayu Niu, Jinzhou, Yoo River, Shanxi and Gui Goong).
At the same time, the environment for the survival of the regional weak brand liquor industry has deteriorated, and there have been many cases of M&As in the white wine industry, as well as the more well-funded alcohol industry, which has taken the initiative to buy out the foreign-provincial liquor company, to integrate the regional market “with a little face” mobile Internet, new media, the rapid rise of micro-letters, the rapid growth of Internet buyers, mobile payments, and logistics couriers.
The growth has led to a greater dominance of the consumer mind by brands, better channels, and faster purchases of white wine by consumers. This has been accompanied by an increase in the disposable income of the population, the growth of the middle class, and the growth of the high net worth of the population, based on high-end white wine with its identity, class-specific "face wine" and so on.
In anticipation of the next stage of white alcohol consumption, which will evolve further from “have a drink” to “have a good drink,” the rising consumption trend will result in a further concentration of market shares to higher-end branded wine companies. On the demand side, the growing middle- and high-income classes are looking at the “face” that represents the quality of life, the identification of the identity.
The demand for high-end white wine will continue to grow at a certain rate; at the supply end, the branded liquor companies, such as the Mautai and the Five Grains, will have more stringent years of control over the storage and filling plants to ensure the quality, taste, entry, and maintenance of the slogans and brands of white wine sold in the market. Based on these findings, at a later stage, they will use the puppies.
A high-end white wine industry, represented by a strong fragrance model, has a relatively generous moat of products, brands, channels, consistent with rising consumption trends, product innovation, access expansion, countercyclical protection, more riskier or more market share harvests, more certainty of continued robust growth in profitability and worth voting.
2- Five Grains: Liquor No. 1 Sichuan Province Iobin Five Grains Group Ltd. is the world's well-known chief of a mega-group based on white wine production, formerly a group of eight wine brewers, formed jointly in the early 1950s by the Chinese special-selling company Sichuan Province.
The company has now developed into a multi-economy industry based on the wine industry. In 2016, the group’s total assets amounted to $95,628 million and its gross operating income amounted to $703.08.
Among them, the joint-stock company achieved a gross operating income of 24,544 million yuan and a total profit of 9,337 million yuan. At the end of 2017, the five grain fluids of the first century came to China's White Liquor King.
In 1988, after the liberalization of the price of white wine, the five grain fluids took the lead in raising the price significantly, moving beyond the old cellars and wines to be China’s top white wine brands. After the Asian financial crisis, the white wine industry moved into a deep adjustment period, with five grains of liquid.
The first purchase model and the development of the Oem product, the rapid branding of high-quality wine, the rapid rise of medium- and medium-grade alcohol, and the emergence of low- and middle-grade alcohol into the golden six-future and twilight-draw-draw-draw-draw-doo pattern, became the country’s first-ever liquor company. In 2005, the five-food fluids generated $6.42 billion, far above the competitor’s base, and became the world’s largest.
Five grain fluids have been active in innovative business models and have been a leader in the reform and development of the white wine industry. In 1995, five grain fluids were the first to be sold in the industry, and China’s first liquor store was launched.
As the country’s first-ever exclusive chain-building brand-of-the-art branding branding and sale at the peak of a network of thousands of national specialty stores, the five-food group established the idea of a “manufacturer, win-win” business in 1999.
Integrating the resources of social distributors and spearheading the “total distributor model” has given a powerful boost to the entire white industry, which, in the second half of 2012, began to lag behind in the form of restricted consumption, plastics, etc.
It should be noted that the five grain fluids have evolved from local enterprise development to world brands of world reputation, from local brands to world-renowned brands, in intense competition in the market, mainly in the production and sale of white wine, with no change in the main business (92.51 per cent of the liquor business in 2016). The company ' s main product is five.
Food and liquid wine, a typical representative of our strong-flavored white wine, is a product that, according to the production process, has developed a high-school, low-priced series of liquor products to extend the product chain over time. The company's dominant product, the "Five Foods" , is a small, year-round single item in the industry that sells to dozens of countries and regions, among consumers, both in the middle and the outside world.
Data on the composition of the 2016 harvest in figure 12-55 shows that the five-food liquid asset liability ratio is lower than the average in the white industry for years, proving its long-term solvency.
Strong, and high levels of asset security over liabilities, have a greater bearing on the soundness of its operations, its orderly management, and its cash flow. The net interest rate on sales over the past decade has also been higher than the average in the white industry, and this has more to do with its strong branding power, its broad access to the Internet, and its accelerated release in the mobile Internet age, showing five.
The better and more sustainable profitability of the fluids reflects the long-term trend towards higher consumption. 2.2 Launching a second new venture, as of the third quarter of 2017, the total equity share of the five fluids was 3,796 million shares, and the State-owned assets of the city of Eibin were operated.
The company Sichuan, the Iobin Five Grain Group Ltd., a State-owned legal entity, holds 56.07% of the shares, of which Iobin City State Asset Management Ltd. holds the largest share and 36% of the shares.
In March 2017, the company's management underwent a major overhaul, with Comrade Lee (former Deputy Director of the Sichuan Economic and Information Integration Committee and member of the party group) acting as the party secretary for the Five Grain Group Ltd., Chairman of the Board, and the party secretary for the Five Grain Liquids Ltd. For almost a year now, the group has focused on “a strong mastership, an excellent diversity,”
On December 18, 2017, China's International Liquor and Culture Festival and the 21st 1218th Grain Loops were jointly built and shared.
At the Congress, the corporate leadership clearly proposed: (1) $40 billion in revenue guidelines for 2018 (of which: $10 billion in wine series and $10 billion in Chinese markets), more than 30 per cent more than in the same year, with five grains and liquids of $1 billion (of which $40 billion in five grains and $20 billion in wine series).
In particular, in November 2017, the company received from the Chinese CVM " On the approval of the public release of shares by the company " . According to the company ' s announcement, this non-public distribution is held by workers and distributors, who, on the one hand, are closely tied to the company ' s interests through the holding of shares by their employees.
To further enhance staff cohesion and strength by developing mechanisms for benefit-sharing between employees and shareholders; on the other hand, by introducing a strong dealer-sharer, which is closely tied to the company ' s interests and is also a shareholder, and by further enhancing the consistency of the dealer ' s loyalty, enforcement and channels; and, on the other hand, will be cited.
Strategic investors, improvement of equity structures, improvement of corporate governance, deepening of State-owned enterprise reforms, and development of a more scientific and effective decision-making system.
Compared to the subscription programme, the five-food fluids have a greater incentive for management, which is more than one-fold higher than the old dry option, with active staff participation, and are expected to be effective in stimulating management, staff, second-generation, and re-emerging motivation.
In practical terms, a series of initiatives launched by the new management have yielded promising milestones, as shown by:
In the market, in 2017, the share price of the five grain fluids (000858) rose by 130%, to the second largest of the 19 listed white wine companies, and the second highest in Sichuan Province. Brands are very important for white wine, especially high-end wine.
It shows that, of the four types of wine: white wine, wine, wine, wine, beer, online search for white wine-related brand terms is up to 90%, which is a good proof of the industry's view of the "white industry's brand supremacy." The data show that white wine don't allow 53% of the demand to be compared to the consumer's concern, and that it is a product of greatest consumer interest and interest in the growth rate.
White wine brands are historical, and consumers are psychologically intuitive and path dependent on it. Since the founding of the country, we have organized five competitions for wine, five foods, four presentations for quality, taste, taste and taste.
The White Liquor industry has a high reputation. In the light of the developments of the White Liquor industry over the next few decades, several of these wine reviews have largely framed the circle of the White Liquor industry, where white wine, which is not among the most famous, runs high-end wine, is largely hopeless, as it is difficult to capture the minds and perceptions of consumers, especially the high-level population.
The “golden decade” in the white industry has seen a rapid increase in revenue and profits, which has also led to positive feedback from the “golden” brand, thus laying its position as a “fragrance of first wine” industry.
The food fluids were rated as “National User Satisfaction Enterprises 2002”, “China Consumer Protection Credit Card (2007)”, “China's Ten Most Respected Enterprises (2008)”, “National Best Customer Satisfaction Ten Brands (2010)” and “China Trademark Gold Award (2011)”.
According to the “China brand 100” list, in 2017, the value of the five grains was 87.569 billion yuan, and for 22 consecutive years it was in China’s food manufacturing industry. The continued accumulation and steady growth of intangible assets gave companies and dominant products a strong influence and a prominent brand appeal, long ahead of the white wine industry.
In addition, the five grains have been awarded a series of international honours, such as the Gold Award for the International White and Beverage Fair in New York in 1992 in the United States of America, and the Tokyo International Liquor Fair in Japan in 1994.
Special Gold Award, “The King of Chinese Liquor Industry”, 1995 at the Hong Kong International Statistical Conference, 1999 Special Gold Award for the International Food Fair, 1999 in Chile, 2000 in France High Honour Award for the International Liquor Fair in Paris, 2002 in Panama's 20th Gold Award for the White Liquor Fair, 2006 in honour
These honours have established the status of the five grain fluids in the international wine industry, have raised the international profile of the five grain fluids, and the five grain fluids of China's five grain fluids have a better mass base, further deepening the sea.
Foreign consumers are well aware of the five grains. In the capital market, overseas investors’ investment in China’s white wine track is concentrated mainly in leading liquor companies such as Mao Dai and Five grain fluids in Guizhou, which, according to relevant research, also reflects overseas exposure to Chinese white wine (especially in high heights).
Since 2016, foreign investment has been among the top 10 circulating shareholders of the five grains. According to investors in institutions like qfii, they hold more shares of the five grains over the years, which is a high degree of recognition of the five grains by overseas institutional investors who focus on basic studies.
Of the 19 listed white and white businesses, the North also prefers five grain fluids, reflecting on one side the ability of the five grain fluids to spread their brands both within and outside the country.
The product line of the five grain fluids is adapted to the process of strong white wine production and different stages of market demand. Because of the strong white wine production model, which is produced once for low-grade white wine in high school, it produces about 15% of the best wine at a time, the brewing technology leaves a large quantity of low-end alcohol for the five grain fluids. In the 1990s, the package was bought out.
On the basis of successful marketing, the five-food fluids creatively introduced the Oem poster model, selling low-end beverages to other wine factories as their base brands, to maximize the utility of the base beverages.
Since then, with the cyclical adjustment of the white wine industry, with the further strengthening of taxonomic management, optimization of product-based product matrix "1+3+5", the structure of the product is constantly enriched by the product structure of the five food fluids, and constant focus on the primary monolithic products.
In 2007 and after, more than 1618 high-end white wines were placed on the market to further meet the needs of diversified markets. In 2013, the L5 introduced a single medium-priced strategy, a low-degree series of wines, which aims to improve access to target groups such as young consumers, and to expand international markets effectively.
The end price of the liquid product ranged from $30 to $1,000 + to cover the market segment of high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, and low-end alcohol to meet the demand for alcohol consumption at different levels of the population. The company’s main product, “five-food fluid” wine, is a model for our strong white wine.
Five grains of rice, syrup, wheat and corn are used for fermentation, driven by “backs” and fermented by the age-old cellars, age-old and carefully crafted, and known for their unique style of “fragrance, smelly ol, glucose, larynx, eugenic, symphony, perfect and comprehensive”. The company's unique nature is known.
The six great advantages of the ecological environment, the 649s of the ancients, the five food formulas, the ancient recipes, the mediocre wines, and the grand scale of the "Ten Liquor City", make the "Five Grains" a rare product of today's wine products, long-standing in China's high-quality, high-end white wine leadership brand, winning the favor of a large number of consumers at home and abroad.
Quality is the core competitiveness of white wine products. The quality management system of companies is well developed, with adequate controls from raw materials to the production process, and continuous efforts are made to improve the quality and safety of all food products, to maintain a high level of embroidery and craftsmanship in the production of products and to ensure a 100% compliance rate.
The company is the only three-time “national quality management prize” in the white industry, and the country’s first-ever wine company has been awarded the Global Performance Award.
The white industry has a business strategy for products that are “high-end brands, profit-making, low-end liquor to market, and steady production.” According to the five-food paper, high-priced wine (which, by company caliber, is sold at more than $120) accounts for about 75% of the company’s liquor collection, with a Māori rate at around 80-85%; and low-to-medium prices.
In response, company leaders proposed a new phase of business, with a view to strengthening the high-end orientation of core brands, breaking through multi-dimensional brand management of product quality, pricing, innovation, and investing in the competitiveness of core brands;
The importance of channel-building cannot be overemphasized for the national wine industry. As an earlier national wine company, the five grain fluids, with their innovative marketing and channel-building, have a lot of explorations and practicalities.
In 2007, the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
Equipping practices. In 2010, the East China Marketing Centre was established to feed the Greater East China Regional Market. In 2013, marketing reforms were completed and seven major marketing centres were established in North China, East China, South China, Central China, South West, North West and North East. In 2014, direct distribution models were explored, and marketing channels were introduced with the “classification and classification” principle, screening from national distributors.
In 2015, the Department for the Management of the Five Foods and Liquids Brands was created, with a dual function of brand promotion and marketing in the city, to refine regional channels and strengthen market controls. In the context of the high-speed development of the Internet, mobile Internet, the Five Foods and fluids are active with the big head electrical platforms.
In 2016, a three-year cooperation agreement was signed with Sunning, and in May of the same year there was strategic collaboration with the Council. Five grain fluids also built their own “Five Pools” to integrate the online and sub-line channels.
During the past period, the price of the five grains, the price of the plant, the price of the first batch, and the loss of profits, some of the distributors and even the market, have had a negative impact on the end of the market. In 2016, the demand in the market was significantly warmer and higher.
Against the backdrop of the rise in the price of white wine, the five grain fluids have achieved a price of $720 and a price of $679, and have been cleared and sold at a favourable price. This has been effective in consolidating and increasing the motivation of distributors. The corporate leadership has further suggested that a new phase of second entrepreneurship should work together to stabilize the price of the plant, raise the market price and establish a level of compliance.
Market-based price-generation mechanisms that allow dealers to make better money and build real channel confidence. There is a need to see if this can be done.
The project will build on the exclusive stores, flagship shops, and socially influential marketing terminals, pooling financial resources to start the construction of thousands of core marketing terminals in hundreds of large and medium-sized cities and thousands of priority districts.
On the same day, the “Five Grains” online integrated new retail terminals were launched simultaneously in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Chengzhou, and Yi Bin, 6th City, with the accompanying “Five Feedshop App” on the line. As a pilot project for engineering innovation, the “Five Foodse Shop” was designed to build a more physical fabric.
In the future, a system of core operators, core terminal systems and consumer membership systems will be systematically constructed to achieve precision service to target consumers in key sectors and areas.
The month will complete the construction of 10,000 terminals. For the next phase, the company will optimize the layout of the channel, build up the core marketing channels of the product and form the depth of the core end in the form of the “Five Grain Specialties (Farm Shop) + a socially influential marketing terminal +ka class + a new retail line-up terminal”
The five grains are also actively seizing strategic opportunities in the country’s “one-way” strategy, implementing priority development along the same routes, and further enhancing the pioneering efforts of internationalization. In the context of the slowdown in the domestic liquor market, the “one-way” initiative is being pursued.
On the one hand, to respond positively to the demand for alcohol consumption in the world’s markets, and in the lead-up to maintaining the “five grains” quality, to carefully develop the low-five fluids and work to promote the five in the world and among the wider younger consumers.
Food fluids. On the other hand, strong efforts have been made to implement the “Introduction to Out” strategy, to strengthen international cooperation on the five-food fluid branding, to organize three major overseas marketing centres, to develop targeted overseas market planning and channel-building programmes, and to strengthen strategic mergers and acquisitions in the leading domestic alcohol industry.
The concept of the Protector's River is very important in Buffett's investment philosophy.
It is discussed that the Protector's River refers to a sustainable competitive advantage that can help companies resist competition from outsiders and continue to generate excess gains in the future.1 Intangible assets (including brands, patents, or government plates).
Cost advantages (the ability to provide products or services at lower cost and to increase market share. For example, Costco, good supermarkets: 3, conversion costs (conversion in the same product, resulting in inconvenience or expense to customers).
4. Network effects (the value of a particular product or service increases with the use of an increasing number of new and old users).5 Effective size (a limited market can only accommodate a number of companies to deliver services efficiently. For example, companies build sustainable, differentiated competitive advantages through the above-mentioned moats, thereby sustaining them in the longer term.
High rate of return on capital — surplus rising, cash returns to shareholders, where is the moat of the inner value of the 3.2-five grain fluids as a white wine business, with a small to large collection, an overall expansion of market shares and industry status
As you can see, a comparative advantage has been gained and maintained in medium- and long-term business competition, and it should be said that there is a “coastal river” of the five grains, mainly in dry brands, which are important aspects of intangible assets, and which can be transmitted to businesses by influencing the stickyness of consumers and distributors.
On the one hand, for consumer goods, brand visibility, reputation, the extent to which brands occupy consumers' minds and for how long, largely determines the purchasing behaviour of consumers and potential customers, and the repurchase rate, which in turn affects businesses' earnings and profits.
The number of white wine businesses of all sizes and sizes in the country is around 1,500, of which those who qualify for high-quality wine are highly qualified to be the best white wine models. High-quality wines must undergo the baptism of time and are chosen by the public consumers with long-term purchasing behaviour and are historically powerful. High-quality wines are highly demanding of the quality of white wine.
Linked to this is a specific natural environment, a particular brewing process, a consumer's drinking without unrecomfort, history without flaws or negative events. To some extent, because of the harsh conditions in which they are produced, high-end wine belts have a certain scarcity, the rareness of the goods makes them more “face wine”-like, with stronger pricing rights and premiums.
In view of the path of the development of liquor abroad, which eventually occupies high-end white wine in the minds of consumers (especially the high-level population), brands are extremely limited, and given the stickyness of different fragrances to consumers, there should be no more than five.
It's a top-level business, such as the five grain fluids, and the old cellars in Suzhou. According to all the data, the five grain fluids have a strong brand of white wine, which is widely accepted by consumers.
Sex. The medium- and long-term competitive advantage on at least the fragrance track can be expected in a context where the brand is already deep in the heart, as long as there is no major error in the management of the company’s operations.
Sichuan Province, Iobin Five Grains Group Ltd.: The "Five Grains" brand was ranked first in the White Wine category in a 100-dollar evaluation of the Chinese brand of 2017 (23rd term) with a value of 95,859 million yuan.
On the other hand, brands are very attractive and sticky for channels. "The smell of wine is also afraid of the alleys."
The importance of canal construction for the marketing of white wine has become more and more important as markets compete. As markets compete, there is also a “polarization” at the level of distributors, and regional big players are increasingly in charge of marketing resources and terminal influence.
Consider the interests, under the same conditions, distributors tend to favour high-profile, fast-moving, highly profitable goods and brands. This further enhances marketing end-to-brand sticky, enhances consumer accessibility and purchasing probabilities, and creates positive feedback in favour of strong brands.
In the city of Ningxia.
(2) (4) (5) (7) (7) (8) (8) (7) (Sichuan Qing Chongqing) Taiwan
Looking for a listed company with a moat, the goal is to get a medium- and long-term, sustainable, and substantial return on investment. By the end of 2017, the net profit on the market for the five grains (000858), which had grown about 16 times over the 19th year, had been very impressive. The market performance of the last decade or so had proved that the five grains (000858).
Long-term investors have a very strong financial return. Even when they were bought at higher prices in the past, good performance could absorb higher valuations in the long run, and investors would still have better excess returns. Based on a rational analysis of the moat perspective, we further believe that the five-food fluids will continue to compete in the medium to long term.
Figure 24.5 The distribution of dividends since the introduction of the food fluids into the market combines information from the June 2017 Operators' Conference, 1218 Co-contributions, etc., five grains.
In 2017, ILC is expected to earn over $30 billion, and in 2018, IRD $40 billion (of which, according to the latest news, the price adjustment for the P5 series is 6-7%. Given the price increase and the lack of supply and demand, IL will directly absorb the high-end white wine spill, not excluding the continued price increase for P5 in 2018.
Based on the current vibe of the white wine industry and the current trend of high-end alcohol, combined with product structure optimization (price shift), price raising expectations, taking into account the highest levels in recent years, predicting the company's future Māori rates, net interest rates, and a certain cost rate, with the further implementation of the 100-thousand-City Shop project, and energy efficiency in new retail marketing
As the company expands its strategic collaboration with ibm, management staff incentives become more robust, and companies will further improve internal management efficiency, budget management and cost control.
On the basis of these combined considerations, it is expected that the gross operating income for 2017/2018/2019 will cover, for the first time, the industry status, the layout of the operation for the next phase, and the executive power of management, respectively, of the white wine industry compared with the market company and the five grain fluids, which are expected to be the track.
Figure 275 Food and fluid history, pbband — Change in regulatory policy in the White Wine industry
In the six months following the report’s release, the firm/industry’s ups and downs were compared to the upward index/deep-studies for the same period.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.