Brand re-engineering, improved access, re-starting of secondary entrepreneurship 10/01 2018 In-depth study/food beverages
• Industry clean-up, high-end white wine recovery, nearly 10 years of booming in 2004-2012, 20 per cent + growth in the public sector for eight consecutive years, and the dual impact of policy and macroeconomic downturns, with the white wine industry entering a period of adjustment. Since 2015, the economy has been warming.
In 2016, the company launched the "1+3+5" branding strategy, which was designed to change the "5 grains" plus "5 grains."
In response to changes in the consumption environment, the five-food fluids have been active in the introduction of raw wine, international fashion brands such as crystalline crystallization, and so on.
The product matrix continues to be rich. Qualifying the price system, increasing marketing inputs and helping to raise the value of brand names.
On the other hand, there has been a steady increase in marketing inputs, and since 2012 the combined marketing rate has risen from less than 10% to around 15%. A smooth price system and diversified marketing have led to the introduction of a five-food fluid in 2017.
95,859 million dollars in brand value is the highest in the white wine industry. Quality +-line power, channels are sinking, structures are being optimized. Since 2014, companies have separated the “five grains” and “five grains” channels, and the “five grains” have been distributed directly.
Models, “Five Food Systems” operate as independent subsidiaries by brand. At the same time, the five-food fluid line and the five-food line are sunk, and the boost channel is sunk: (a) below the line, the 100-thousand-county shop project was launched, and specialized shops were reopened (with 400 new ones in 2017); (b) o2o: the wine-like o2o experience shop was launched in partnership with Suning, self-built five-food shops were set up, and beaches were looted.
New retailing: 3) online: Internet access using power-market platforms like Kyundong and Suning, self-built power-marketing platforms, five-store deep-farming lines. • Dealers have a new partnership with stock-holdings and a new engine for development with a talent strategy
In 2016, a mix of five grains was introduced into the stockholdings of high-quality distributors, with deep linkages between the interests of the distributors and the benefits of five grains and fluids, and new channels of cooperation were established to help build a smooth progress in the construction of thousands of shops in the hundreds of cities. In 2017, the 100-persons project was launched to highlight the principles of high-end, classification implementation, and innovative mechanisms to invest in talent development.
The company is a high-quality, high-end white wine company, which is expected to benefit fully from the recovery of the white wine industry. We look forward to the company’s future sustained growth with a high degree of certainty and a “highly recommended” rating.
1. Three Quarterly Review of Five Foods and Liquids (000858): Management efficiency gains, promising continued high growth. I. Industry clean-up, with high-end white wine at the forefront of recovery
(i) In 2004-2012, after nearly 10 years of prosperity in the White Wine industry, after a series of losses, the net profits of the White Wine industry began to improve in 2004 with a 20 per cent + annual growth rate of 47.33 per cent, with net profits rising from RMB 1,016 million to RMB 33.245 billion.
The upgrading of consumption structures and the frequency of business and conference activities are important drivers of the rapid growth of the white wine industry at this stage. Income growth is a central driver of consumer growth, with rising national income levels leading to rising consumption from subsistence to enjoyment consumption, and a marked increase in demand for medium white wine.
At this stage, high-end white wine is easily stored, small in size, and its time value is high, giving it the attributes of investment. In particular, it is expected that a line of high-quality, scarce, and long-established culture will add value and increase prices.
A growing number of dealers and consumers are attracted to earlier stockings, increased channels and end stocks, and industries are entering the replenishment phase. The price of high-end white wine is gradually rising, and there is a trend towards bubbles, as a result of the combined demand for consumption and investment. In 2012, the factory price was 819 yuan per bottle (53° 500ml), an increase of 206% compared to 2003; and five grain fluids (52° 500ml)
At the beginning of 2013, the price was 900 yuan per bottle, a 173 per cent increase over 2003. The price of 1573 dollars per bottle in the cellars in Suzhou was 999 dollars, an increase of 224 per cent from 2003. (ii) The white wine industry was gradually cleared from policy and macroeconomic influences.
1. The use of alcohol and alcohol, especially high-end white wine, has been severely damaged. In March 2012, the two conferences introduced a ban on public purchase of cigarettes, high-quality alcohol and gifts. In December 2012, the Central Military Commission issued the Ten Regulations for the Central Military Commission ' s Strengthening of Self-Building.
On 4 December 2012, the Central Political Office of the Communist Party of China held a meeting at which it considered and adopted eight provisions of the Central Political Office concerning the improvement of working practices and close contact with the public.
By 2012, the white wine consumption structure had reached 40% of government consumption, and the introduction of alcohol-limitation policies had taken a heavy toll on the white wine industry. High-end white wine prices had fallen sharply, sales in the white wine industry had declined, net profits had fallen from 2 to 2 and the macroeconomic downturn, and consumption of white wine had worsened.
By looking at historical data, we find that gdp is usually ahead of the sale of white wine for three to six months. Since 2011, the impact on the white wine industry has been reflected in the same rate of growth since 2011, and the sales of white wine, though still positive, have begun to slow down, with the sales of white wine dropping to single digits by 2012, reaching a new low since 2005.
According to the National Statistical Office, the total output of businesses above the size of the White Liquor Industry was 12,26.2 million tons in 2013, an increase of 7.05% over the year, but the rate of increase has declined significantly. According to the Chinese Liquor Research Report 2014, published by the China Alcohol Association, in 2014 there were more than 1,498 White Liquor businesses that accumulated tax returns.
12,454 million yuan, of which 69,875 million yuan was earned, down by $12.5 billion and $10.8 billion, respectively, from the same period the previous year.
Starting in the first quarter of 2013, our economy grew again into a sub-shock cycle, benefiting from economic shocks at 8.1 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2012, with the demand for white wine warming and the sale of white wine on all lines returning.2 Personal consumption became the new backbone of white wine consumption.
Prior to 2012, the three main demands for white wine were 40%, 42%, 18%, and the demand for white wine was the bulk of the demand for white wine. Policy implications include eight prescriptions, and since 2012 there has been a significant decline in demand, from 40% prior to 2012 to around 5% at present, while individual demand has been the driving force.
Demand, which has risen significantly to 45%, has become the new dominant source of white alcohol consumption. The main consumer of white wine is currently older men, of whom 30-54 is the main consumer of white alcohol.
(iv) High-end white wine prices have increased, confirming the recovery logic, and in mid-year, Mao has released the news that this year's annual supply is 26 million tons, albeit low than the estimated 26.8 million tons at the end of last year. Earlier this year, Mao has indicated that the volume of pot wine was only fully available during the second half of this year.
On the price side, Mao Dai introduced a price-limit policy in May 2017, identifying 53-degree flights across the country with a price/end selling price of $1199/1299 per bottle, but the price of some channels is still over $1,700, and the difference in market prices and channel prices has resulted in dealers stoking less than 20 bottles per day at some under-line shops, and consumers are required to register identity information.
The price of high-end white wine has generally increased since 2014. The price of high-end white wine has been raised from $819 per bottle to $969 per bottle by the end of 2017, the first price increase in five years; the price of the five grain fluids has been raised three times in a row, from $609 per bottle to $739 per bottle;
The cellar raised the price twice, from $620 per bottle to $680 per bottle. The higher-end white industry collectively raised the price of the factory on the side of the market, reflecting the boom in demand and the recovery logic of the high-end white wine industry.
(i) Increased brand clean-up and construction of the "Five Foods" plus "Five Food Systems" dual-drive system, since 2012, in the face of changes in the consumer environment, the Five Foods have been actively restructuring their brands, starting with the product itself, precision brand positioning, newing and full-priced layout in the context of consumer demand. In 2014, the Five Foods were rolled out "1+5+n"
The branding strategy, which ended the “1+9+8” strategy that began in early 2003. At this stage, the company is pursuing the “1+3+5” branding strategy, which was changed in 2016.
According to the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
1) Further synthesizing “1” in “1+5+n” and developing a “1+3” product strategy: 1 to ensure that the five main monolithics remain intact; 2 to identify three directions for the development of the F5 brand: 1; high end; 2 to rejuvenate, fashion and downscale; 2) to build three strategic brands based on the P5 core, 1618, cup exchange and low-level series, based on the above strategy
A multilayered high-end group of products that effectively caters to the external environment of rising consumption, such as rejuvenation of the consumer population, a focus on quality and experience of consumption, and the diversification of consumer demand for high-end five-food liquid products, thus effectively consolidating the middle- and old-end client base, expanding the youth consumption pool, pre-empting and pre-empting the escalation of consumption.
2. The “Five Food Systems” dimension: The Five Food Systems, which continue to optimize their brand structure, are the dominant brands that sink through corporate channels, are located at the lower and medium ends, are aimed primarily at the mass consumer markets, and will in the future be twin-wheeled with the Five Food and Liquids brands, contributing to the growth of corporate performance.
The company is determined to clean up a series of alcohol products that are ill-defined and of low value contributions, gradually numbering up to 300 (one product per bar code). From early 2017 to late August, the series of wine brands accumulated 44 dealers and cleared them. Of these, 155 low-marketed products were cleaned up in seven or eight months.
The company strips out five food springs, five grains of ol, five curls, five softly pointed, six and five liquid personalized brands from the wine series, as an important complement to the corporate overall product strategy, and the rest of the wine brands are strategized by a series of liquor companies that develop their development strategies to effectively respond to market competition in the waist.
Liquor brands are divided into seven levels, with differentiated strategies implemented according to hierarchy; in March 2017, a series of "1+4" brands was defined, with "1" referring to the core strategic brands, and "4" to priority strategic brands, including flashworks, 100 dinners, five-food households and wines.
(ii) The new product mix is constantly enriched, while the "zombie" brand is being cleaned up, the new product is being actively launched. The new product development focuses on the following: 1) The high-end product matrix is constantly enriched: the high-end product was launched in June and a high-end Xuki was launched in Shanghai in September.
Liquor, chicken, etc.) Channel-oriented development of products: in May, the Electric Commodity Card was launched, and in June, the under-line store was launched, branded five grains. 3) Internationalized, rejuvenated, personalized: in June, the first made by the United Schwarzchi, the international fashion white wine crystallized.
III. Rationalization of the price system, increased marketing inputs, and enhancement of brand value: (i) control of positive value, boosting brand value, in the white and wine industry, prices are an effective expression of brand value. To match the company ' s brand structure, the company ' s brand price is raised.
At the same time, prices for liquids and retail sales have been rising steadily. In 2017, prices for liquids have been raised several times, up to the end of 2017.
In terms of volume of supply, the company ' s marketing congress at the end of December 2016 indicated a 20% reduction in the 2017 universal five plan, using a controlled counter-price strategy. At the 1218 co-contributors co-building conference, the five grain fluids also made clear that ensuring the profits of the operator would, on the one hand, promote brand value enhancement; and, on the other hand, enhance the profitability of the operator, thereby effectively leveraging the operation.
(ii) Increased marketing inputs and increased brand visibility, while increasing prices to boost brand value, increasing marketing inputs to gradually upgrade corporate brands. Since then, corporate combined sales costs have risen from less than 10 per cent to around 15 per cent, a significant increase.
The diversification of marketing activities is closely aligned with the corporate strategy. 1) Internationalization: Five grain fluids were selected for the Davos Annual Conference, hosted the “one-way” China Liquor and Culture Summit Forum, etc. 2) end-marketing: in line with the strategic layout of the company's “one-way” shops in hundreds of cities, the five grain fluids are carried out in Chengzhou, Chengdu, Suzhou, Shenyang, Beijing, Guangzhou, Xian, etc.
Wine King's Club (membership and value-added services for end-users and consumers) was launched to increase visibility and prepare companies for sinking: 3) In terms of consumption upgrades: Five grain fluids are active to keep up with rising consumption, and many useful attempts are made in marketing.
The “Five Foods, Happiness” cruise: Together with the electric platform Kyodong, the Maestro 1618 Wine Festival has been launched, and the brand name of the company has been enhanced for diversified marketing activities. 1) Foreign markets: raising awareness and recognition of overseas customers and fostering client groups for the "go out" of the five; 2) Domestic markets: focusing on new and emerging customers such as young customers.
The combing of brand structures, the rationalization of price systems, and the diversification of marketing activities have helped to boost corporate value. The value of brands in 2012 is the third largest in the 23rd edition of the Federation’s “China Brand 100” and the third in the White Wine category.
Figure 17: Nearly 10 years of brand value (million yuan) and its rate of increase (%) - IV. Underline + line power, channels are sinking, structures are continuously optimized (i) Five fluids are operated separately from wine series, channel structures are constantly optimized
Pre-2014, the company's five-food fluid brands and series of wine brands used the large-scale business model. In 2014, the company began a major restructuring of the channel to separate the five-food fluids from the series of wines.
The operating model of the cards has evolved from a large-scale business model to a direct distribution model, while a series of wines has been independently operated by an independent transfer division based on brand lines.1 Five grain fluids: transformation of the direct distribution model, with an increasingly optimized channel structure
Prior to 2014, all FFA brands were distributed using a large-scale business model characterized by a layer of agency, with a national proxy model: the total number of FFA generations is larger, including the 48-degree CGM of Guangxi Triu, the NGS of IEBU, and others.
The regional agent model: The regional agent model is the most adequate business model for the use of the five grain fluids, covering such heavy white liquor markets as South China, East China, North China, and South-West China. It is represented by the Zhejiang Business Group, Anhuikawa Business Trade, Guangdong-Giang, Beijing Sugar, and Hae-fung Beijing, among others.
Provincial proxy model: The provincial proxy model is the foundation of the five-grain agent model, which tends to tilt toward this segment of the business at the policy level. It is represented by Hubei People, Ishijia Bridge, Shan Dong-taek, etc. Local-level agent model: this part of the agent is a five-bain agent to cope with the new competitive environment, and the channel sinkes.
A powerful tool is important for promoting flattening the five-fried channels. The large-scale business model, accompanied by five-fried fluids passing through the White Liquor industry’s golden decade, is conducive to a fast-paced network of channels, making full use of the resources of distributors, while saving the cost of managing the channels and helping the five-food fluids to take their place as white wine taps.
But the vices of the model are also becoming apparent. In the case of the five grains: 1) companies have less control over the channel and are prone to diversions: 2) they are too dependent on large businesses, and risk is too concentrated. By 2010, the sales of the five grainscr5 distributors were up to 50%. In the case of dealers: dealers often lose in the face of the collapse of the five grains price, they lay goods.
In response to the changes in the consumer environment, the FFA has restructured the business model, deriving a direct distribution model, which began in 2014. The direct distribution model is a platform service provider that transforms the P5 core business into a region or channel where other distributors can trade directly with the service provider and no longer have a direct financial relationship with the F5 system.
The direct distribution model involves three main subjects: five grain fluids, regional service operators and core distributors. (1) Five grain fluids: reboot the five grain fluid brand management department, which operates through seven major marketing centres.
(ii) Regional service operators: large, standard-selected distributors, converted from distributors to platforms.