New and Chengjiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., were founded in 1999 and, according to the China Feed Industry Information Network, on 14 November, new and enhanced vitamine was offered at $52/kg.
In June 2004, they were listed at the bottom of the chain, and we believe that the price of vitamine is a listed company, influenced by increases in the price of intern phenol, improvements in the supply pattern of the industry. The company is highly focused on fine chemical synthesis.
The accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics fork, with organic synthesis as a link, has succeeded in expanding the business to Vi.
\triangleright biomass, spices, new materials, egg amino acid, etc. Some of the company ' s production capacity was suspended due to an installation accident, and the recovery of the production was delayed until the second half of next year, resulting in the loss of the company ' s capacity.
The company is now one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world... and has grown into an influential fragrance company with an estimated annual consumption of 138,000 tons of this, of which 6641 tons are imported, so we're...
In addition, on July 29, the Department of Commerce opened an anti-dumping investigation into the import of inter-restrictive alpha-phenols originating in the United States, the European Union, Japan.
The factors have influenced the rapid rise in the price of phenol in the country since the beginning of the year, raising the cost of producing ve-products along the route of the phenol process.
The main manufacturers are Tesman, Bassov, Zhejiang Medicine, New and Four Enterprises. By 2017, the former Cr4 was up to 90%, the output of special technology was reduced to 80% in the first quarter of 2017, and the price of the product was sustained.
The industry’s leader, Tethman, is now consolidating its tech capabilities, its joint venture, Lehman, has been suspended and upgraded in early September, and the industry’s supply is expected to be rebalanced. Ten thousand tons, with another 20,000 new products, will be built, and it is expected to be global by March 2020.
ve the largest producer is expected to benefit fully from improved supply and demand patterns in the industry. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain a profit forecast for the company.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Liu Woo-Chou has been in the research department of Nakakim Corporation for six years with research experience in the chemical industry.
One person, three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals, with five national and international patents, and a paper by a leading international academic journal, analyzes their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies