In recent days, the offer for vitamins and biomass products has been raised again to $50/kg and $330/kg for v. va, at a previous low of around $40/kg and $310/kg.
q3 quarter net profits continued to grow, cash flows remained stable
The value of the cash-to-revenue ratio is 95.09%, and the ring is back up.
The main products of the company ' s nutrient plate are v, va, vd3, pyreamic acid, biotics, shrimp mercurin, auxiliary enzyme q10, of which va, ve, downstream, are mainly for fodder, and stocks have been compared to  in the last six months.
The supply side is oligopoly, the global producers are Tesman, Shinkatsu, Bassov, Andisu, Jindawi, Zhejiang medicine, and the key intermediate lemon formaldehyde can only be produced by Bassov, Shin Seng, and Colley: ve producers are E.T.T. (Tesman buys Emergency), Zhejiang.
Medicines, Shinzo, Tesman, Bassov, etc.. Prices. In October 17, a safety accident at the Basque Lemon Aldehyde factory led to a huge increase in the prices of va and ve, which fell to the bottom in mid-18 years, va and ve in June 19 to $55.
/kg or so, and the prices of va and ve have risen recently, not to reach about $330/kg or 50/kg, and the bottom is relatively clear, subject to future demand-side warming, and prices are expected to continue to rise.
All-round development of fragrances, new materials for high molecules, new projects coming into harvest, company fragrance operations covering visualization, food, medicine, the main products are aromatic ol series, folicol series, dihydromory esters, raspberry ketone, lemon formaldehyde, etc., the main camp.
Product markets are very high, mostly national; high molecular material priority products are pps, pa, etc., and this year, pps II has seen a significant increase in production-led performance. In terms of incremental growth, companies are building $7,972 million, with a rapid expansion of production capacity. 250,000 tons of amino acid is building capacity (currently 50,000 tons).
Yearly production, the biofermentation project (crystal glucose, chlorophyll, pineol, glycol, etc.) is expected to continue production from 2019 to 2020, guaranteeing company growth; price fluctuations in raw materials; new projects are not advancing as expected; demand recovery is not as high as expected;
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.