In early 2009, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs issued a report that, as a result of national and local policies, there was a turn in pig production.
Positive changes in sex, with a double-deep recovery in pig-bearing and hog-rich stocks, the greatest impact of the November rings, and the scale of future pig-breeding, in the context of ensuring that pork prices return to reasonable levels, will continue to grow, leading to an increase in the demand for vitamins and egg amino acids, the reopening of the weather lanes and the consolidation of the company.
The demand for fodder has recovered, and the nutrient landscape has recovered: the mid-19-year report shows that the company's operating profits account for 61% of nutrients, 30% of fragrances, va, v and pygmino acid, and 3% of nutrients are dominated by va, ve, and euphoric acid.
Downstream demand is dominated by the demand for feed, with pigs accounting for the highest share. In recent years, due to African pigpest, pig cycles and environmental factors, there has been a decline in the stock of live pigs, with a 29 per cent decline in the stock count for the first 10 months of 19 years on average, and increasing demand for va, ve and ecstasy, which is difficult to increase.
In 19 years, the price of raw pigs increased significantly, reaching 33.72 yuan per kilogram, which is still declining from the previous high, but still rising 157% over the same period. The price of pork rose, meat demand shifted, and poultry prices also rose, with white chickens being the most recent retail price.
27.08 yuan per kilogram, a 20 per cent increase in the same year. On the one hand, government policy encourages the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to ensure that pork production will return to near-annual levels by 2020 and to normal levels by 2021, and on the other hand, that spontaneous farming will increase, stimulated by the rise in the prices of pork and other meat and poultry.
The demand for fodder is bound to increase, leading to a recovery in the nutrient landscape. Industry patterns are stable and good, with the nutrient price centre moving up: due to the complexity of processes and technical barriers, SMEs are hard to access, and production is concentrated in a few supplies.
Eighty-four percent, oligopoly market, industry not seeing new competitors, and head business concentration is up in time. Vía, an ammonia leak in the Basfva cooling tower in June 19 and currently running at a low load, with a forecast for shutdown in the second half of 20 years, with a 20-year price ratio for the hub.
On the other hand, Tesman integrates technical and technological capabilities and integrates industry patterns, while its installations are expected to be downgraded, and the Tesman Swiss plant is expected to reduce production by 20-25 per cent in the first quarter of 20 years, not excluding a two-quarter impact, with a tight supply of inter-materials, and the ability of ve to make a profit is expected to increase:
In April, the Department of Commerce countered the production of euphemic acid in Singapore, Malaysia and Japan.
Marketed areas, which would result in a substantial increase in prices if a successful anti-dumping application were to be replaced by a national import of ecstasy. Multiple projects, successive test cars, aid company performance growth: company announcements indicate that the Heilongjiang Biodevelopment Project is in the test stage and includes 151,000 tons of crystallized glucose and 5167 tons of wheat sprouts.
The syrup, 500 tons of chlorophyll, 30,000 tons of cognostic acid and 60,000 tons of pear, invested about 3.6 billion yuan, which is expected to contribute 2 billion yuan after childbirth. Meanwhile, the company's new 20,000 tons of vitamin e project, which is being tested and certified, has been synchronized and is almost completed this year, with an investment of about 2.1 billion yuan.
In addition, there are 250,000 tons of pine amino acid projects, the Shandong Industrial Park project, and the maltphenol project, the vast majority of which, with the exception of the second phase of 150,000 tons of liquid amino acid, is expected to complete production in 20 years, contributing to incremental performance.
Anticipated remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: Figure 2. Price of pig-bearing poles (RM/kg) Figure 3. Retailed price of white chicken (RM/kg)
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used in preparing this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.