Nose flu vaccine has been approved, adding new impetus to the growth of the company.
Lee Young-eon, Inc. Nose Influenza Vaccine Accessed to Medicine: According to Insight data, the 100-gram repertoire of the company's life-saving drug, Frozen Influenza Influenza (Registration No. ):
The influenza pandemic in my country has become more acute in recent years, and the influenza vaccine will be an important means of preventing influenza: the influenza epidemic in my country has shown serious trends in recent years, reaching 3.51 million people in 2019.
In our view, influenza vaccine is the most effective means of preventing influenza. We have seen an increase in the flow of vaccines. As can be seen from the distribution data, in 2019, the number of influenza vaccines issued reached 3,078,000, a 60 per cent increase over the previous year.
The company’s new product, the Nose Influenza vaccine, has a wide market space and is expected to be a new performance growth point for the company: the now marketed flu vaccine on the international market is the fluist of Aslikon. It peaked in 2014, with a global sales of $295 million.
Nostril influenza vaccine, which is easy to use and easy to immunize on a large scale, due to the advantages of the agent type and the use of nasal spray. Compared to traditional life-extermination vaccines, the DPT vaccine has the advantage of simulated natural infections that induce local and antibodies, cellular immune responses and longer-lasting results.
Given the agent-type advantages of the company's influenza vaccine, we assume that the company's nose-spill vaccine market is 10%, with 3 million sales. Considering the price of the four-priced vaccine, we estimate the price of the nose-spill vaccine at $150, and the company sells it.
Growth hormones maintain high growth: based on grass root research, we think that our growth hormones are growing faster as a whole, at a rate of over 35%, of which the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is leading. We think the Golden Race Medicines industry is growing faster.
However, we believe that the main impact is on newly admitted patients, with limited impact on patients who are already on drugs, and that the growth hormone season is mainly in the second half of the year.
This year, revenue growth in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry is expected to remain at more than 30%. Hormogen fast-disbursing, corporate performance growth  profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to achieve a net return on its parent company by 2019-2021.
The growth of the slender slabs is slightly lower than anticipated, driven by factors such as the downfall of the channels and the gradual rise in the share of new products.
Continues to contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of life has gradually returned to sales after the “vaccine incident”. So, Long 2019-08-13 Acquisition of Minority Shareholders' Interests in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry.
Incident: The company ' s nasal flu vaccine received a pharmaceutical batch, according to insight data, which was issued by Nmpa on 26 February 2020 for a drug-freeze dry influenza vaccine (registration no. cxss1700035 G) of the 100-gram plant of the New Company of Changchun.
Our point of view: Nostril influenza vaccine has been issued on the market, companies have added new performance growth points 2.1. The influenza pandemic in our country has become more severe in recent years, and influenza vaccine will be an important tool for preventing influenza, which, according to the World Health Organization, can cause 5-10 per cent of adults and 20-30 per cent of children to suffer from it each year.
In recent years, the influenza epidemic has shown a serious trend, with 3.51 million people in 2019, an increase of 357%. We believe that influenza vaccines are the most effective means of preventing influenza.
The distribution data show that the total number of influenza vaccines issued in 2019 amounted to 3,078,000, a 60 per cent increase over the same period. According to our grass-roots research at the Beijing Regional Community Health Services Centre, the supply of influenza vaccine is high, and market figure 2: the number of influenza vaccines issued in our country
2.2. The company’s new product, the Nose Influenza vaccine, has a large market space and is expected to be a new growth point for the company’s performance. The current international marketed nostril vaccine is a fluist of Aslikon. It peaked in 2014 at $295 million in global sales.
It's 65% of the injection type, which leads to a drop in sales, and it's easy and easy to immunize on a large scale because of the advantage of the agent type and the use of nasal spray.
There are currently 15 vaccine manufacturers supplying vaccines to the domestic market, all of which are in the form of anti-vaginal injections. The company's flu vaccine is a re-engineering of cold-adapted (ca) influenza strains and wild (wt) influenza virus based on gene restructuring techniques.
In contrast to the traditional anti-viral vaccine, the DPT vaccine has the advantage of simulated natural infections, induced local and antibodies, cyto-immun responses, and more lasting protective effects. Given the proxies of the company’s influenza vaccine, we assume that the company’s nose-infested vaccine is 10%.
Taking into account the price of four-priced influenza vaccine, we estimate it to be 150 dollars, and the corresponding company's sales revenue will increase by 450 million dollars. Based on grass-roots research, we believe that our growth hormones as a whole are growing faster, at a rate of over 35%.
We believe that the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry grew at a rate of 45% or more in 2019, and that the rapid growth of companies is driven mainly by the rapid release of growth hormones. The reasons for the rapid growth of growth hormones are, in our view, mainly: 1) the demand side -- rising consumption leads to growth hormones, and the number of new paediatric conditions has increased dramatically, driving companies’ performance growth.
The promotion of the policy of graded consultations has sunk growth hormones at the grass-roots market, while the outflow of prescriptions has led to an increase in the sales of pharmacies.) At the supply end - companies have increased their academic outreach, marketing has expanded their channels, market share has been raised, and sales of company products have been adversely affected by the epidemic throughout the country in the first quarter of 2020.
The impact on patients who are already on a continuous basis is limited, and considering that the growth hormone season is mainly in the second half of the year, we believe that this year's growth is expected to remain at over 30%. We judge that Kinsai, driven by such factors as the down-channel sunk and the rising share of new products, is able to maintain a high rate of growth and sustain growth.
Contribution of profits to the company: 100 grams of organisms have gradually returned to sales after the “vaccine incident”. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” of Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, which already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.