Long Spring High: Growth hormones are growing strongly, the seedlings are growing again this year, and Changchun's annual report, 2019, has generated $7,374 million over the period, an increase of 37.19 per cent over the previous year; it belongs to the public.
The net profit of the company ' s shareholders was $1,775 million, an increase of 76.36 per cent over the same period.
31.5 per cent and 47.9 per cent both accelerated, with 19q4 quarter returns to the mother ' s net profit of $534 million for the completion of the merger of the minority shareholders in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, which achieved its best record achievement.
Launch of the Stock Exchange Incident Review, Long Spring High, which has accelerated the completion of the 2019 performance commitment ($1,558 million).
The prospect of growth hormones for the company’s heavy-pound pharmaceutical business remains broad. The gold-track pharmaceutical industry has the most full-scale growth hormone in the country.
The stock market is still far from the ceiling of the domestic market for growth hormones, according to the new: the growth hormone business continues to grow rapidly.
Over the long term, the vaccine is expected to return to normal in the second half of the year.
"Yongchun Xin" (000661) _ "Single society, parents' awareness of growth hormones is widespread and deep, growth hormones have greater scope for the future."
The vaccine product ladder is on the market, 100 grams of biovaccine operations are back up this year.
With regard to vaccine operations, 100 grams of biology (46.15 per cent of shares) collected $1 billion in 2019, with a net profit of $175 million, while receipts and profits fell by 3.1 per cent and 14.4 per cent, respectively, during the first half of the year, production of vaccine products slowed down.
Listed as approved in February 2020, the 2020-2021 flu vaccination season will begin to be marketed: second, a boxing product; water pox reduction vaccine, which was affected by industrial events and process upgrades last year, has increased by only about 3 per cent over the year, and is expected to begin recovery this year; third, in the development of new products, the ii-life vaccine with herpes has entered the clinical phase and is expected to become public.
The Division ' s overweight-pound vaccine product (global sales of the Glaxo-Schlew herpe vaccine shingrix exceeded $1 billion in 2018); the risk of growth hormone competition; under-promulgated vaccines; production quality risks; pharmaceutical policy risks.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.