The high annual growth reported by the Medical Health Research Centre is expected to increase the performance of the gold races, and in 2019 the company achieved $7,374 million in net profit for the mother, $1,775 million in net profit and no net gain for the mother.
1.776 billion yuan: 37.2 per cent, 76.4 per cent and 77.4 per cent, respectively, of the same year's growth rate.
The Annual Report ' s Performance Predicted Completion of the Reorganization Upgrade - Long Spring High Company Review, 2020.1.6 100 billion yuan, a decrease of 3.07 per cent in the same year, and 175 million yuan in net profits,
3. Reorganization programme revision, 100 grams of biology and Russian companies; life-retardation vaccine with herpes to the clinical stage of the hysteria phase; adsorption to cellless white cracks (three-strings)
In March 2020, the joint vaccine received a clinical batch. 580 million yuan, an increase of 9.95 per cent over the same period, net profit of 42 million yuan, and a steady second quarter increase in the semi-annual report.
The company has actively engaged in international cooperation, and Anwarghau has done a great deal of work ahead of it, and plans to launch a full-scale project in the first half of 2020: the U.S. Immunisation Awakening B.S.A. platform project, the Blue Lake Biology B.C. Respiratory Synthesis Vaccine project, etc., are also actively under way.
Considering the growth in corporate performance as a result of the re-equity restructuring and higher shareholding in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, we expect that the company will continue to grow rapidly in the future, taking into account its leading position in the domestic growth hormone industry: as the company's vaccine and other drug research and development projects move forward, the future growth is expected to grow much faster.
Metamation. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Vuanwei@qizq.com.cn Performance Commitment Risks in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry; changing patterns in the growth hormone market, increased competition; medical price reduction and control
Cost risk; market equity release risk. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average, as an average market investment