Technology (688008): Industry is warming up technology. Technology Inc. was founded in 2004.
61.5 per cent, with a net interest rate of 40.9 per cent, and a net interest rate of 3.9 per cent, the world's leading server memory interface chip design company.
The downstream demand ring ratio will continue to improve. Because downstream memory module manufacturers accumulate more stocks than the server cpu and security memory module, pcierettimer cores in the first half of last year, there has been a marked decline in the volume of corporate memory interface chips since the third quarter of last year, with downstream stocks.
Absorption, demand since the second quarter of this year has increased significantly. The UCA forecast for global service delivery for 2021 is expected to increase by 5% over the year, so it appears that in the second half of the year, the release of the server's memory line will be matched by a link.
The ddr5 is on track, and the company’s profits are expected to improve significantly. The product cycle of the ddr4gen2+ interface chip has been reduced by the delay in the launch of the new intel cpu in support of ddr5 until the second quarter of next year, and the company’s combined Māori ratio has dropped to 63.0 per cent in the first half of the year, as prices have dropped significantly in late product periods.
Since memory module manufacturers usually prepare for a new generation of cpu one to two quarters in advance, the company’s first generation of ddr5 memory interface chips is expected to be delivered in bulk by the end of this year. According to previous data, the price of the new generation of interface chips will increase significantly from the previous generation, and the company will be profitable next year and later.
The Xin speed server has expanded beyond expectations. The Xin X86 processor embedded the cpu module of the data security module developed by the company, which is a combination of safety and compatibility for domestic users, has a certain market demand. The company will close in August this year with Intel for the entire year.
The combined transaction budget has been raised from $500 million to $1.5 billion, which shows that companies are enjoying the future of the business, and that revenue collection may have increased significantly in the second half of the year. The focus of companies in the area of capture is on a number of security controls, which are consistent with the company’s expertise in signal and data transmission techniques, and which weigh heavily on the company.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The increase in the capture ratio will reduce the company’s overall Māori rate, but it will also provide a new growth in its performance. The company, as a global server interface chip leader, is expected to benefit fully from global server investment and memory overlaps. We expect the company to make a net profit for 2021-2023.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the source of technological growth (688008): industrial warming is imminent, marginal improvements can take place, and the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the source of economic growth.
The source of financial growth in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation, reports that technology (6880808): industry is warming, and marginal improvements can take place.
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Central Guang Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.