The q2 ring has improved, the q2 ring has improved, and the q2 ring has improved significantly during the reporting period.
The main reasons for the decrease of 33.51 per cent over the same period in the previous year were: (1) a decrease in client demand compared to the same period in the previous year; (2) an entry of ddr4 memory interface chips into the later part of the product life cycle, resulting in a similar price for the product as in the previous year
The period declined; 3) corporate products depreciated in dollar terms against the renminbi over the same period last year. On a quarterly basis, the q2 Q2 ring ratio improved significantly, resulting in a 425 million won and a 41.87 per cent ring gain; a 174 million yen net profit return and a 29.54 per cent ring increase; and a non-net gain on the q2 quarter.
The ddr5 generation is expected to produce production by the end of the year. During the reporting period, the company completed the development of the ddr5 first-generation memory interface and module-packed chip volume product, and continued to optimize the final product based on the latest version of the Jedec standards and feedback from client testing, with the expected official entry into the mass productivity ramp by the end of 2021.
For generations, the company will be able to provide a full memory interface chip and memory module packages, the value of which will be increased one step at a time, and with the new platform, the company's memory interface chip business is expected to move into a new, quick platform that will be approved by the client and promoted quickly.
At the same time, the company’s third generation of cpu products have been produced in bulk. Compared to the second generation, the third generation of cpu can better meet the applications of data centres, high performance computing, cloud services, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
The need to improve the benefits of integrated data processing and computing. Consider the ddr4 memory interface chip into the end of the life cycle, the price falls, and the company adjusts.
Stewardship: Short-term performance does not change long-term trends, new industries do not have the same outlook, new products do not advance as expected, and production capacity is less than expected. Stewardship: a steady growth in h1, ddr5 interface and
Accompanied chip research and development continues 20200816 S.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.