UIC (601138) E-Industrial Internet Global Leader, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Building a new eco-system based on diversified operations, the Advanced Manufacturing+Industrial Internet. The Confederation of Industrial Wealth is the leading global manufacturer of communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, precision tools and industrial robotics, based on years of deep cultivation in industrial Internet intelligent manufacturing, with a rich network of communications, cloud service equipment.
The company has established a business model for “digitalization, zero components, modular photovoltaic vertical integration services (ecms).” Traditional business guarantees have increased profitability, focusing on the area at the front end of the R & D layout.
Millions of yuan went up to 16.9 billion yuan in 2018. Companies are focusing on technology research and development, and spending on research and development continues to increase. Companies invested hugely in smart manufacturing and industrial Internet, with R&D spending of 90.0 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 13.4 per cent, mainly because of their investment in smart manufacturing and industrial Internet.
• Industrial Internet practices pioneered, assisting in the transformation of the intelligent manufacturing industry. The company is committed to providing technology for the design, manufacture and service of products centred on the industrial Internet, assisting in the industrial transformation of the intelligent manufacturing industry, and creating a new ecology of “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet”.
• Professional Internet talent, collecting core data and extending it up to cloud cover, platform layers, application layers, data security staff, 30% improvement in production efficiency and 15% reduction in inventory cycles. • Intelligent manufacturing of electronic equipment is growing steadily and there is much room for the future. According to the idc database, global electronics is available.
By 2021, income from the equipment-smart manufacturing industry could reach about $52.6 billion. Of this, Asia’s market accounts for more than 80 per cent of total revenue from the global electronics manufacturing industry, and is expected to receive about $42.9 billion by 2021.
In view of the advent of the global smart age, which has stimulated global demand for electronic intelligence equipment, the goods network industry is growing rapidly, and the electronic equipment intelligence manufacturing industry is about to come up with new historical opportunities. In this context, we give the company a 20-fold estimate for 2019, taking into account average industry valuation levels.
1 Based on diversified operations, building a new ecological “advanced manufacturing + industrial Internet” IUF was established on 6 March 2015 as the world's leading communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, precision engineering and industrial robotic design manufacturing service provider, based on years of deep farming in the field of industrial Internet intelligent manufacturing, with abundance.
The accumulation of industrial experience and data from rich communication networks, cloud services equipment and automated manufacturing has established industry excellence. Figure 1: The corporate development journey. On 8 June 2018, the Federation of Industrial Wealth formally listed and raised $26.72 billion in funds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The funds raised for the launch are intended to focus mainly on industrial Internet platform construction, cloud computing and high-efficiency computing platforms, data centres for efficient operation, communication networks and cloud service equipment, 5g Internet connectivity solutions, new technology research days for smart manufacturing, with 34 full capital and affiliates in the holding and 30 offshore affiliates in the holding.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure. Companies are mainly engaged in the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of various types of electronic equipment products, relying on the industrial Internet to provide intelligent manufacturing and technology service solutions to globally recognized customers, creating “electronicization, zero components, modular photovoltaics”
The company's main products include communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, precision tools and industrial robots, which are mainly used in smartphones, broadband and wireless networks, multimedia service operators, infrastructure of telecommunications operators, end-products for Internet value-added service providers, enterprise networks and data.
The Federation of Industries has a wealth of customer resources and long-term stable strategic partnerships, with major clients being globally known brand manufacturers of electrical sub-equipment, including maazon, apple, arris, cisco, dell, hpe, Hua, conjecture, netapp, etc.
In the future, companies will build on existing business to promote a shift from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing, building a new ecology of cloud computing, mobile terminals, object networking, big data, artificial intelligence, high-speed networks and robotics as technological platforms for “advanced manufacturing + industrial Internet”.
2 Traditional business guarantees a rise in profitability, with emphasis on the R & D front-end field, 2.1 core business-driven and steady growth in profitability, with an average annual growth rate of 5.6 per cent, with companies earning 80.12 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 3.1 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
The company’s main business income is divided into three categories: telecommunications network equipment, cloud service equipment, and precision tools and industrial robots. The share of communications network equipment is more than 50%, compared to 62.4% in 2018.
Other income from the main business is income other than that generated by the business, which was disposed of by the company by 31 December 2017. 2.2 Intra-research and development continue to grow as a result of an out-of-front price setback.
The overall Māori rate has declined, mainly because of the price increases in primary raw materials such as pcb, zero components, and ic needed by companies to produce, and because companies have been unable to transfer the increased procurement costs downstream in a timely manner.In terms of business structure, Māori contributions for communications network equipment are over 80% and 15% for cloud services.
Corporate sales costs, management costs, financial costs and research and development costs were stable in 2015-2018. Corporate sales costs as a percentage of operating income were relatively low, mainly because the various products produced by the company were custom-made mainly in response to customers ' demands and did not require higher marketing costs. Corporate financial costs continued to increase in 2015-2017, mainly during the reporting period.
Exchange rate fluctuations have led to a sustained increase in exchange losses, with financial costs of $2018 million - $320 million, mainly due to the receipt of publicly-listed funds, significant growth in interest income, combined with greater efforts to manage exchange gains and losses, and a significant reduction in exchange losses on a year-to-year basis. Companies have focused on technological R & D, while spending on R & D has continued to increase and management costs have been relatively high.
This represents an increase of 13.4 per cent, or 90.0 billion yuan, mainly due to the huge investment in research and development by companies in the area of smart manufacturing and the industrial Internet.3 Industrial Internet practice pioneers, assisting in the transformation of the intelligent manufacturing industry.
The core R & D is directed to intelligent manufacturing areas such as industrial intelligence, industrial big data, and precision tools, and products are used mainly for smart servers, margin computing.
The company is committed to providing technology for the design, manufacture and service of products centred on the industrial Internet, assisting in the transformation of the product of smart manufacturing, and building a new ecology of “intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet”.
The leading industrial Internet talent, already in use as a discrete production line, represented by the “light-blowing plant”, is the vanguard of industrial Internet practice worldwide.
The Federation of Industrial Wealth collects core data and extends them up to areas such as cloud cover, platform layers, application layers, data security. Shenzhen's “light-outing plant” has been modified to reduce production lines from 318 to 38 staff members, increase production efficiency by 30 per cent, and reduce inventory cycles by 15 per cent. According to the accenture report, as industrial technology continues to develop, innovate and optimize.
Global investment in the industrial Internet will exceed $500 billion in 2020; by 2030, the industrial Internet will have generated more than $15 trillion in growth in the global economy. The industrial Internet sector is expected to generate an estimated $1.8 trillion in growth in our gross national product over the period 2015-2030, with enormous scope for development.
The share of total global income in the smart manufacturing of electronics is about 84% and 83%. By 2021, Asian market revenues are expected to reach approximately $42.9 billion, with a combined annual growth rate of about 4.4% in 2017-2021. China is a major consumer and producer of electronics.
The performance of the manufacturing industry shows a 10% increase in the value added of the electronic information manufacturing industry at the national level and above in 2016, faster than the 4 percentage point increase in industry at the national level and higher, and higher than the 7.5% increase in the value added of industry at the national level. In 2016, revenues from the electricity sub-information industry ' s main business amounted to $17 trillion, 1.5 times higher than in 2012, with an average annual increase of 1.6%, including electronics.
The growth rate of the information manufacturing sector is 9.5%, which strongly supports the steady growth of the national economy. In 2016, total profits in the electronic information industry amounted to 1.3 trillion yuan, 1.9 times as high as in 2012, with an average annual increase of 17.3%, of which the electronic information manufacturing industry grew by 16.5%.
According to the idc database, the global market for the manufacture of telecommunications equipment received a total of $12.5 billion in 2017 and is expected to grow by 2021 at a rate of approximately $29.5 billion, a total of $34.5 billion in 2021 and an average compound growth rate of about 4.0 per cent between 2017 and 2021.
At the same time, high-precision smartphone units in high-precision telecommunications network equipment are one of the main zero components of smartphones and are used to assemble smartphones. Thus, the market for high-precision body products on smartphones is closely linked to developments in the smartphone market.
In the future, the global smartphone market will continue to grow at a faster pace of product renewal and replacement, and the global market for cloud computing services has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to play an important role in the upgrading of the information technology industry. According to Cisco's Global Cloud Index Forecasting Report, global cloud computing data flows are expected to account for the global population by 2020.
Ninety-two per cent of network data flows, with cloud-side data flows of 3.9zb in 2015, are projected to reach 14.1zb by 2020, with a relatively stable pattern of competition in the electronic manufacturing services industry worldwide. According to the idc database, the world ' s top ten electronic manufacturing services firms generated about $311.32 billion in operating revenue in 2016, which is about the world ' s electronics system for the current period.
In the field of smart manufacturing of electronic equipment, according to the idc database, the global market for the manufacture of servers and storage equipment has been maintained.
Companies account for more than 40% of total global output; companies account for more than 30% of global output in the global network equipment manufacturing market; companies account for more than 20% of global output in the global telecommunication equipment manufacturing market. In their area of business, companies are ranked first, according to idc, in terms of their 25% market share in the telecommunication network equipment product market.
The top four producers together account for more than 70% of the market as a whole. In the global network equipment market, the highest market share is in Honghai, with 49%; and the second and third are in Weibo and Jeep, respectively.
The main customers of the products are global brands of well-known communications network equipment. The main competitors include the powerful, Jeppe, New America, Tianhong, Xuanteng, Biadey Electronics, Ringwig Electronics, Cheuk Wing Technology, Ophets, Co-Technology, Long Yin, and China’s market in the global cloud computing services market, with the rise of Ali Baba, Pedu, Tetsu, etc.
In recent years, the Chinese government has strongly supported the cloud computing industry chain, promoted the nationalization of cloud computing products, encouraged the adoption of national product brands, and led to the rise of brands such as Chinese brands, tides, dawns, and association. The main customers of the company’s cloud services products include maazon, dell, hpe, etc.
Assumption 1: Communications network equipment operations: as the largest share of corporate revenue, communications network equipment will continue to benefit from the 5g upgrade wave. Assuming that the prices of corporate communications network equipment remain stable and that the company is expected to grow at a steady rate over the next three years. Assumption 2: Cloud services equipment operations: cloud services equipment is the second largest company business, with servers and storage for major products.
Assuming that the price of the company’s cloud service equipment is stable, the company’s output for the next three years is expected to be 3: Precision tools and industrial robotics: sophisticated tools and industrial robotics are developing rapidly, but highly sophisticated technology is still in the hands of foreign firms. Assuming that the price of the company’s business product is stable, growth in the company’s output is expected to occur.
Assumption 4: Other business: As the corporate business model is expanded and services are fully integrated, the products of the business are expected to be produced, and we have selected the companies associated with the electronic systems assembly industry in which the company is based as a reference for valuation, namely, sophisticated telecommunications, top technology, cyclonosco, photothropic technology, Kyoto Orientala, industry averaged 20.14 times the 2019 pe, and the company is expected to do so.
In 2019, eps was $0.98. Considering that the company is the leading company in the country in the communications network and cloud services industry, with a higher market share, a better competitive pattern and a better track, while the company continues to have high R & D inputs, with increased industry competition driven by a new wave of 5g; higher customer concentration and the risk of rapidly changing demand from downstream customers; and less than expected investment projects.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.