Saviour Bank (00001.sz) Transferables are expected to increase by about 1 percentage point to the core car in 18 years, with the same price revised downwards.
The terms of the terms are more liberal than the two. The initial transfer price was measured at the time, and was no less than in the event: the Bank of Peace announced on the evening of July 28 that the company was about to publicly release a total of up to $26 billion a share, which could be converted to $10.66 per share.
The medium-term capital management plan is a capital buffer in the silver bank, the initial transfer price is no less than the average value of the stock exchange on July 27a, and the offer is redeemed in the conditional foreclosure clause.
Management planning, “supplement” and one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, is below the previous limit of lightness and civil life. The current issue is six years. The period of conversion begins at the end of the first transaction six months after the end of the negotiable issue and ends at the end of the negotiable date.
The initial transfer price was no less than the average of the shares traded by the company during the 20 trading days prior to the date of the announcement of the statement of collection and the average of the shares traded by the company at the fastest price and the previous trading date, and each of the net assets audited in the most recent period.
During the conversion period, the company has the right to redeem all or part of the untransferable debt at the face value of the bond plus interest accrued during the current period, if approved by the company for at least 30 consecutive trading days.
At 130% of the price (including 130% of the price). The downward adjustment is that 15 trading days for a stock share are lower than 80% of the current transfer price for any 30 consecutive trading days, as is the case for HDR.
The company’s medium-term capital management plan provides a capital buffer based on the requirements of the Banking Commission.
Taking into account current regulatory requirements as well as corporate business development requirements and risk preferences, and without any significant change in regulatory policy, the Bank set the following targets for capital management for 2017-2019:
Planning, for the next three years, will be based on the principle of “supplementary core-level capital, supported by secondary capital.” Capital is to be achieved as soon as possible after a year and a half. By the end of the first quarter of 2017, the group core-level capital adequacy rate will have been achieved.
The annual capital adequacy rate at the core level is about 1 percentage point. The issue of the fungible resolution is valid for 12 months from the date of consideration and adoption of the current issue, which will take place on August 14, 2017. The release is subject to approval by the regulatory bodies, such as the Silver and Securities Commissions.
In order to complete the distribution, it usually takes about a year, and real capital replenishment is achieved as soon as possible, in a year and a half. Li Sansancfa doubles. $10.66 is worth 7.83 and 0.89 times, respectively, of the 17-year market surplus and the market account. Given that the bank’s current fundamentals are robust and safe, we believe that this issue will be re-debtable against investment.
It's attractive, of course, depending on the size of the future, the industry, the company, and the flambu.
The Bank is a cross-regional joint-stock commercial bank held by the China Peace Insurance Group Ltd. The main financial indicators and forecast tables (Billions of yuan)
Silver International, Room 1701, 17th Floor, New Year Square, 181 Queens Avenue.