Income continues to rise, ai will pull the demand margins for idc. The release of production capacity in the company ' s porcha district in the first half of the year was expected to remain fully available at the data centre, with an overall Māori rate of 51.6 per cent and a net interest rate of 41.7 per cent.
21 consecutive quarterly round increases. The q2 Māori rate is 49.5%, and the ring ratio is 4.4 pct, and we think it's mainly due to the start-up delivery of the first tranche of the Lake Pilgrim (the company q2 fixed asset of 6.770 billion, which is faster than the power uphill delivery of the Growth Corridor Data Centre, the start of delivery of the first phase of the Lake Pilgrim, and the formal upturn of the company.
The delivery of one data centre in the first half of the year and two more in the near future,a the final data centre in the district is planned to be delivered by the end of the year, laying a solid foundation for year-round revenue growth. In addition, the company has accelerated low-capacity engine remodelling and partially delivered early data centre consolidation.
In addition, the Long Triangle Ping data centre started delivery and the Hong Kong Fushan and Huixiang data centres and Chongqing data centres are about to complete phase one, which is scheduled to be delivered inland in the course of the year. As of 30 June,
The company's 58,000 containers, an increase of 26% from the end of last year's year, have more than 90% access to mature data centres, and the company is officially entering the new phase of operation of two park data centres.
Cloud computing and company digitization clients are expected to maintain a robust uphill speed. In addition, the company’s reserve project is proceeding in an orderly manner, with the start-up of construction in the corridor b area (the first three of the 18,000 cabinets planned), the first main headline of the Land State data centre in May, and the second full start of work in Ping-Lu in June.
● Delivery of the first-ever whole liquid cold data centre in the country, a11 with power density, pue with chiller power levels 5-20 times higher than that of a universal server, and traditional data centres need to be modified to build high-power high-density machine cabinets and recommend more efficient liquid cooling methods to reduce pue.
In June, three major operators led the launch of the White Paper on Liquid Cold Technologies for Telecommunications Operators, which planned 2023 liquid cooling and server decoupling standards, 2024 new data centre project 10 per cent-scale pilot liquid cooling (primarily advanced cooler and monochrome) and more than 50 per cent project-scale applications in 2025.
Rainer Science and Technology: Performance meets expectations.ai Expectations: China ' s liquid cold server market cagr will reach 57 per cent in 2022-2027 and total engine cabinets and power will continue to grow steadily in 2027
The market size is $9.5 billion. The company is actively introducing new equipment, new processes, new materials, new programmes. In July this year, aA11 IRC was handed over to operate, further reducing the IRC cabinets.
• The first large models in the country have entered full commerce, promising to lead to an improvement in the demand margins of idc, and company-made bytes to jump core suppliers.
On 31 August, 11 of the country ' s first large-scale models, which were registered through the Interim Measures for the Management of Generated Artificial Intelligence Services, came online, the size of users grew rapidly, and the need for arithmetic expansion was identified, according to the joint wave of idc.
Among them, the shivering came on line on August 17 to detect the ai dialogue product, a bean bag, based on the Skylark model, while the b-end volcanic engine released the large model service platform, the Volcanic Ark, on June 28, to provide maas platform services to the company; on September 19 the volcano engine was in “v-tech data drive”
At the Technology Summit, "ai aides" were introduced, relying on the Skylark model to help companies improve the efficiency of data processing and query analysis. Yunzawa, as the byte core of idc, will benefit from the continued expansion of the arithmetical power, and we believe that this year the company will complete the delivery of the remaining three data in the gallery a district.
The hub's uphill will be accelerated, while sector b is expected to lock in medium- and long-term orders. The need for a new model IQC will help drive further improvements in supply and demand patterns in the idc industry.
The site reached $216.5 billion, and the cagr 17.2 per cent downstream, although the first six months of Bat capital spending continued to decline, with q2bat capital spending reaching 13.6 billion yuan, with a significant 48 per cent increase in the ring comparison, and with future growth in investment in gpu servers, demand for IDC idc will rise.
We believe that corporate revenue will continue to grow at a rapid pace, while the improved supply and demand patterns of idc will facilitate the formation of a new growth curve outside the gallery. We expect the company to return to its net profit of 2023-2025, respectively.
New project cabinets are being delivered at a slower rate than expected, with a higher cost of electricity, a slower rate of climb for large clients, and a lower risk of new single prices being signed by large clients. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.