High performance growth, ISC deliveries continued steadily during the first half of 2023, and new project construction was fully advanced. A data centre was delivered in the first half of the year, close to
\triangleright delivers two more data centres. The company has about 58,000 computer cabinets, more than 90% of the full-fledged data centres, and the company officially contributes revenue from one campus-level data centre to two campus-level data centres.
A new phase of revenue contributions. Later on in the outlook, the Pinghu data centre phase has begun delivery, and the Great Bay and Huaizhou data centres and Chongqing data centres are about to complete the first phase of construction, scheduled to be delivered inland in 2023.
S01052111003 Five core areas, six power nodes, 56 data centres, approximately 290,000 machine cabinets in the master plan layout. Construction started in the company ' s gallery area b in the first half of the year, and the Land State data centre in May.
The primary structure was capped, phase II of the June Lake Data Centre was officially launched, and several projects were followed by the addition of land, energy, and other important basic resources.
In July 2023, a-11 IRC, using the technology of “intelligent low-carbon global cooling systems, was handed over.
Quarterly reviews: Performance meets expectations, and the credit market has been a big fan of equity incentives, demonstrating long-term development confidence. The company released an updated draft of equity incentives on 27 August 2023, according to which the company will award 22.6 million to 94 people, including senior managers and core cadres.
Rainer Technology (300442.sz) reported for the first time that it had benefited significantly in the data economy from the idc lead enterprises at the park level - refinancing is expected to be phased out in the mid-to-late stages and the repressive factors are expected to be phased out.
As the ban moves into the middle and later stages, it is expected that the suppression factor will be phased out.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.