q2 performance exceeded expectations, acquisition of alumina to optimize the asset structure 20.4 per cent, net profit to mother $3.99 billion, an increase of 29.7 per cent, net profit to non-mother, $3.38 billion.
Coal, aluminium oxide plate, double-litre catalytic 22h1. Volume: 2022h1 company production of 8.35 million tons of aluminium oxide, an increase of 1.3 per cent in the same year; original aluminium production of 1.99 million tons, an increase of 1.8 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of electrolysis, the re-production of aluminium and coal production of 5.57 million tons, an increase of 82.0 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of power coal supply, Ningxia
Energy and coal production increased by 3.2 million tons and generated 8.2 billion degrees of electricity, equal to the same amount.
The line meter reduces the value by about $2.1 billion, and the profits from the operation of aluminium oxide plates increase, mainly because of the company ' s bauxite, oxidized aluminium integrated layout, while the supply of bauxite is strained to push up the price of aluminium oxide and the profits from aluminium oxide plates rise; trade: 1.24 billion won, an increase of 78.8 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the apparent increase in profits from imported coal; and energy plates.
For the same period last year, losses of $430 million were mainly due to higher power coal prices and higher coal yields.) Investment gains (+660 million dollars) due to higher profits from aluminium oxide and energy plates, mainly futures header flattened revenues; and impairment losses at the reduction point ($ 26 billion), mainly due to a reduction in the calculation of aluminium oxide production lines.
1. China ' s aluminium industry (60160.sh) incident rating: electrolysis aluminium value, fees and taxes (704 million yuan), mainly due to seasonal increases in financial costs, gains and losses for a few shareholders (-100 million yuan), and off-the-shelf profits (+610 million yuan), mainly due to the higher level of end-of-life of the invalid assets of the 2021q2 company.
Cost control capacity is high, impairment is difficult to cover performance by 2022/03/, and future prospects. 1 Industry chain integration, production capacity continues to be released. The company implements aluminium industry chain integration, raw material self-sufficiency is high, the company bauxite self-sufficiency is about 70%, aluminium oxide self-sufficiency is 100%, electricity is self-sustaining.
The company's upstream layout is deeper, with sales of 9.12 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2021, while the capacity gap is about 4.8 million tons of aluminium oxide, which can be self-sustaining after consolidation; 3.05 million tons of aluminium electrolytic aluminium can be produced in Yunnan.
Green power generation in Yunnan water, wind, light, etc., accounts for 85 per cent. In the future, as electrolytic aluminium is integrated into the carbon trading system, the green power advantage will highlight the fact that the acquisition of alumina by companies can compensate for green short panels, meet the demand for green electricity in the final sector, improve the integrated layout of companies, and optimize the upstream and downstream structure of assets and the power supply structure.
Investment proposals: company-wide chain layout, electrolytic aluminium production continues to be released, and the acquisition of aluminum contributes to the advantages \triangleright complementarities, optimizes asset structures, and as the supply of electrolytic aluminium is tightened, corporate performance will gradually improve, we anticipate.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.