On July 24, 2022, the company announced its intention to acquire 19% of the stock in Yunnan Aluminium.
\triangleright Publicly agreed by cash acquisition of 19% of the shares in aluminium held by the Yunnan Metallurgical Group, after a trade-off, the company held about 29.1% of the shares in aluminium, became a controlling shareholder in aluminium, and the summation of the shares in aluminium was made.
The Yunnan Metallurgical Group reduced its share to 13%, further resolving the competition between its peers, where the assets of the electrolytic aluminium were valued at about 13,000 tonnes/t. Company and the Aluminium shares \triangleright
In the same group, China Aluminum Group, where competition is more prominent, the deal solves the problem of competition between the company and the controlling shareholder, and makes the assets more clear. The assets of the Aluminium stock include 3.25 million tons of compliant electrolytic aluminium, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide and ancillary bauxite, 800,000 tons of carbon and 1.4 million tons of aluminium alloy production.
Aluminium profits are concentrated on electrolytic aluminium smelting ends, electrolytic aluminum royalties, Qiuzu, approximately 2.67 million tons, trade-off prices for aluminum shares of approximately $35.1 billion, and trade prices for electrolytic aluminium assets.
Roughly 13,000 tons, the price can be used as a reference for the pricing of the State-owned aluminium company’s electrolytic aluminium assets in Yunnan Province.
\triangleright, after receiving the Aluminium Oxide shares, with an output capacity of 7.7 million tons, overtakes the macrobridge as the industry's top, with a further advantage in size, while the Aluminium Oxide capacity gap is about 4.8 million tons, and a combined Aluminium Oxide self-sufficiency rate of 100%, outside.
The power costs are low in Yunnan, the structure of the electrolytic aluminium asset is optimized. The company's electrolytic aluminium production is distributed mainly in the undertone, \triangleright.
Cost control capacity is high, impairments are difficult to cover performance in northern areas such as Shanxi, where power is dominated by coal power, which is affected by global energy shortages, power prices have risen to historical levels, coal electricity costs have increased significantly, local self-equipped electricity costs in Shandong and Henan are about 0.5 yuan/degrees, and companies have made profits.
Voltage. Aluminium shares are in Yunnan, and Yunnan's water resources are abundant, generating 72.0% of hydroelectric power in 2021. Hydropower costs are low, Yunnan's 22q1 dead water period, the base price for electricity transactions is 0.27 yuan/degree, electrolytic aluminium enterprises are using electricity at a cost of about 0.45 yuan/degree, which is lower than coal power in the north, and during the July water boom, the base price is further down to 0.16 yuan/
The company buys shares in alumina, which helps to reduce costs, replenish high-quality electrolytic aluminium assets, and optimize the asset structure.
1.2% plus hydropower, the combined green power ratio is 79.4%, and Yunnan power is not only low-cost, but also green, with a clear energy advantage. Major world economies publish a “double carbon” schedule, and European and American firms also apply carbon tracking to upstream supply chains.
Cooperation to improve the competitiveness of products, and the future green power advantage as carbon costs rise. Investment proposal: The cost of electrolytic aluminium is strong, and the company’s performance is expected to stabilize as production resumes, \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.