High performance growth, significant low-cost advantages, clear strategic planning Combined amortized unit costs of $176.42/g plus $8.9/g. Mineral silver sales in 2023 increased by 194.63 tons, or 7.6 per cent, and non-tax sales prices of $4.61/g, or 28.8 per cent;
Qinghai has seen a significant increase and high performance. According to the sub-mine subsidiary, in 2023, the Helm River, with a net profit of 1,277 million yuan, and a net profit of 628 million yuan, alloy production of 2.16 tons, with an equivalent reduction of 0.86 tons, actual mineral selection of 42.17 million tons, and the calculation of the gold in the range of 5.6 g/t.
In 2023, the Jillin Temple received 914 million yuan, a net profit of 399 million yuan, and the alloy production of 1.8 tons, a decrease of 0.22 tons from the same year, a slight decline in the actual selection. In 2023, the young Zaydan earned 1,212 million yuan, a net profit of 581 million yuan.
The grinder calibrated for almost two months, normal production in 2023, with a portion of surface deposits of 3.05 tons of combinated gold, an increase of almost 1 ton, and the project was well advanced to open up the external resource layout.
156.78 tons of silver metal and 7856.90 tons of silver metal continue to increase investment in exploration. In 2023, Locke was subjected to a detailed survey of prospecting rights on the outskirts of the gold deposit No. 5 in the east of the river, providing a succession of tons to Locke in the south of the river.
In February 2024, the company proposed to acquire the Namibian twinhills back-to-back with the Shandong gold group, low-cost + high-growth, with clear strategic planning.
\triangleright turns east into Shandong gold, transforming itself from private to state, and relying on the Shandong Gold Group, whose high-quality assets are expected to be injected.
There's plenty of room. In 2024, the company plans to produce no less than 8 tons of gold. Under the new strategic objective, it's set.
Tons, opening up the growth space.
In March 2020, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for basic metals. Songyang, Master of Mechanical Engineering, Hong Kong City University, formerly employed as a national gold bond, joined the Sindh Securities in January 2024 to study new materials and precious metals.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.