Biannual review of Time Electric (68817.sh): Business on track and semiconductor growth is strong and new energy is on the rise.
On August 26, 2024, August 23, 2024, Time Electric published its semi-annual report for 2024, in which the company ' s business income of 24h1 was $10,284 million, i.e. +24.77 per cent. Of this amount, q2 battalions received $6,359 million, i.e. +15.94 per cent, and the ring +62.03 per cent;
The 24h1 track transfer received 6,139 million yuan, compared to +30.87 per cent, a significant increase. The orbital traffic electrical equipment/orbital engineering/communication signal system/other orbital transport equipment, respectively, received a record high number of passengers on the railways, and the number of bids from the National Iron Group moving teams exceeded last year’s full-year level.
In addition, there has been a significant increase in the number of high-level tenders for motor vehicle repairs, leading to an increase in the operation of orbital transport electrical equipment. The company's stocking of the extreme rail transmission operations, the market for trunk rail signal products has remained stable, and the city track signal system 24h1 received 1.747 billion yuan, or 26.63 per cent of the total; of this, the holding stock is the owner.
The \triangleright division collects 2,047 million yuan, or +23.23 per cent, for the semiconductor of the car age; the net profit is 707 million yuan, or +55.19 per cent, and the profitability is outstanding. The company's semiconductor line is fully operational, and the three-phase project is stable.
Step-by-step, expected to become operational in the second half of the month of 24, with sustained upgrading of medium- and low-voltage device production; continuous delivery of electrical grids and transhipment high-voltage devices; bulk delivery of the igbt 7.5-generation chip technical product; completion of the development of the sic 4-generation pit chip; and re-engineering of the production line and ongoing validation of the vehicle sic product.
24h1 seaworks collect $405 million, compared to +18.61%, a robust growth rate. Mariners are ready to obtain many new orders from the country and abroad, while the global market for cable products from underwater digging continues to maintain their head position, and erov (electronic underwater robots) is successfully tested and tested.
The 24h1 company’s new energy sources, powered by cars, collected 903 million yuan each, became the country’s “1+n” 4 major production base, with a steady increase in production capacity, coupled with high-voltage Mitsubishi for overseas exports of about 40,000 units. Industrial transformation products generated new energy sources, metallurgicals, mines, ships, etc.
New orders have been obtained in the area of air conditioning, with ongoing bulk delivery of products. In the area of new energy generation, the delivery of photovoltaic inverters and wind currents products has accelerated. 24h1 Sensor Blocks collect $136 million, or 47.01 per cent, less than expected, but yes.
\triangleright has less overall impact. The company will further increase its R & D investment to boost the equator speed and enrich production, as a result of falling demand in the photovoltaic industry and falling unit prices for automobile sensor products.
The company is a target-oriented, strategic, strong, and executive-oriented firm, which has gone from on track to a cross-sectoral, cross-cutting distribution of “big traffic” and “new energy.” The company’s role in the development of the new energy market is to create a new energy market.
In the short and medium term, it is expected that the recovery in the demand for on-orbit equipment, the increase in security, and the operation of the urban signal system will jointly push the company ' s operations into a new phase; and that the production of semiconductor capacity will further help the company to expand its market share, optimize its product structure and support the development of the system ' s operations.
In the medium-to-long term, the company constructed the product matrix with "engineer-component-systems" and the platform-based electrical solution provider's ambitions have been shown, and the market share of the system's operations has been rising, with the prospect of large-scale transportation and new energy resources flying in parallel to cross-cutting developments.
We maintain a forecast of the company's performance, with the company expected to return to its parent company for 24-26 years with net profits, less than expected demand for rolling cars, locomotives, urban tracks, etc.; less than expected growth in moving vehicles, urban track maintenance and maintenance operations;
(a) The market for urban-orbiting communication signal systems has not expanded as expected: the demand for power semiconductors has fallen short of expectations; and the market for new energy generation for industrial transformations has not expanded as expected;
The new power-driven business market is not expanding as expected. Reasonable. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.