High reported performance, transhipment + total growth of emerging equipment Mid 2024 Report performance forecast rating Time Electric (stock code: 688187.sh)
Events: The company issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2024. During the first half of 24 months, the company is expected to achieve a faster increase in its net return, with a net profit of 939 million yuan projected for the q2 quarter, an increase in the delivery of orbital transport products as a result of the same growth, and new equipment operations such as power semiconductor devices.
: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn 24h1 railway investment is innovative, and transhipment operations are growing with sufficient dynamic energy: in the first half of 2024, national railways completed capital asset investment of $33.7 billion, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the previous period, not higher than in the same period in history.
Rail investment is expected to remain high. Railway passenger traffic continues to recover, and for nearly three years, affected by the epidemic, cars are stored in the pits, and the build-up of the stock of railway vehicles is driving the high-growth market ahead of schedule.
Prince Road, new and rolling irons, motor vehicle needs are about to be released, new energy engines are expected to replace old internal combustion engines with motive, and the volume of cars has risen. Since this year, INT has been issuing 165 new car purchases, 330 units.
On the other hand, in May of this year, the company disclosed a total contract of $20,688 million for the construction of an untied-to-the-town inter-city transport track in a consortium.
Chinese companies eventually account for about $700 million in business. The company’s urban signal system is well advanced and is expected to contribute to Wang Xia’s equipment operations.
The production capacity continues to climb, and the emerging equipment business is expected to grow very high: power semiconductors are about 35% of the company's new equipment. The company has a 6 inch bipolar device, 8 inches of gbt and 6 inches of carbonated silicon industrialization.
The emerging demand for high-performance computer communications, among others, has become the driving force behind the new growth of the power-based semiconductor industry, with demand in the industry recovering, with company leadership expected to benefit first. At the same time, new-energy automobile power systems, industrial transformations, seawork equipment, etc., have also grown faster, with revenues of 24q1 increasing by 10.82%, respectively.
The company’s leading city of the igbt module is led by a rapid breakthrough in the new energy market, with a sustained increase in the productivity and delivery of sensor operations. Emerging equipment operations, as the second growth pole, will jointly drive firm performance growth.
[Galactic Machine] Company Review _ Time Electric (688187.sh): Improved profitability, marked growth in track equipment I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.