A steady increase in the base track service and innovation drive the growth of new equipment operations can be reported for the year 688187
Ma Youngzheng, who has been building up the base of his business, continues to exploit the potential of the plate by the wind of “new infrastructure”. In the first half of 2024, the number of passengers on the railways has risen steadily, and the number of bids from the National Iron Group has increased by the same amount.
Against this background, the company continues to grow deep into the field of rail transport, innovates in the development of new industries, and the share of the city has remained stable, with the company's rail transport equipment portfolio reaching $6,139 million.
Some model models have been installed, while active host-ship plants have opened up overseas markets, all of which have gained ground in overseas markets such as Asia, the Americas, Europe and Africa; the main-line railway signal product market has maintained a stable field occupancy rate, city-to-orbit signal systems have acquired new orders, and communication signal systems have become thin.
Sub-operational revenues amounted to $416 million, yoy+13.147%. In the context of “two carbons”, inter-city high-speed railways are the core of the “new infrastructure” project, and developments in the inter-city/municipal area are promising.
Point, company is expected to fully exploit the potential of the market based on its own strengths, long-term enabler base of operations, and insist on a four-strength, multi-point layout, with innovation driving new equipment breakthroughs. 2024h1, the device became a core growth point, and the company's igbt line became a test site in June 2024.
Production, and expected to enter full volume by 2024q4; sustained upgrading of production of low- and medium-voltage devices, ongoing delivery of grid and rail transfer of high-voltage devices projects, mass delivery of igbt 7.5 chip technology products; carbonated silicon operations end, product completed development of fourth generation gull chip, annual production
Twenty-five thousand 6-inch silicon-carbide production lines have been modified and put into use, and companies have been looking at the vehicle applications of the 2025 series of silicon-carbide products.
In a step-by-step process, single-month production can be innovative, while the co-ops and upper-air Mitsubishis are exporting some 40,000 overseas; according to the ne era, the company's vehicle power module load is the second highest in the industry, with 13.4 per cent of the market, while the new power car power engine is the same.
This represents an increase of 57%, which is the top six in the domestic industry. Industrial currents, corporate industrial transformation products, continuous access to new orders in various fields, simultaneous bulk delivery of products, and products such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, have been largely rounded up in the annual collection/boxing of the company ' s power generation group, according to the table of the Sobi photovoltaic net.
According to the report, 2024h1 has the top five mark 8.35gw on its photovoltaic reverse transformer. Mariners are equipped, and the global market for underwater dredging of cable products continues to maintain their headline status.
"Investing in tradable equipment has increased, and new and emerging investments in orbital transport have fallen short of expectations, research and development has fallen short of expectations, and competition in the industry has intensified.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.