The public media announced that its two major shareholders (gio2hk/powerstar) were planning to cut their holdings by no less than six months in the coming six months: (1) the two major shareholders had reduced their shares by about 2% of the total stock stock in the first quarter and had not done so as of the second quarter. The company issued the announcement in order to comply with the new regulations issued by the CVM on 27 May; it was not.
Substantive new information, but with a more detailed timing. According to the new regulations on regulation, more than 5% of the stock share of the star can be reduced by a total of less than 2% of the total stock (174 million shares) by competitive bidding within 90 days, which is set for a considerable number of days. However, we believe that the uncertainty of the share price may persist for some time.
According to ctr, China’s advertising spending on lcd/frameline posters/theatrical media increased by 19/7/44 per cent in April compared to 31.3 per cent/43 per cent in March, indicating the attractiveness of building advertisements and pre-screening advertisements.
In addition, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of projections for each capital return indicator for a year, such as croci, average application of capital return and net asset return. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gain, dividends rate, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Liao-ho, cfa:a media unit,a food beverages.a Food beverages: Gui Gon, Yang River stock, Kuo-tae, Chenzhou cellar, Qing Qing Qing, Shan-xi wine, Qing-Doo beer (a), 5 grain fluids.a Media: O-fi entertainment, light media, Qaohua cable, Wahe-Bern, blue light sign, south-central media, branch media, province-wide shares, Xiao-Yong brothers, imax China, Phoenix media, Orient Min-ju, Ping-Chu
In the past 12 months, Goldman Sachs has received a reward for investment banking services from the following companies: public media (rmb13.27).
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Divisional Media (rmb13.27) Goldman Sachs has an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Divisional Media (rmb13.27) Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.