Game business breaks out, Internet platform continues to advance - Klon Wanwi (300418.sz, buy-in) covers the first time that a global mobile game will enter the perfect game competition. As the overseas game market evolves.
We believe that in the next one to two years, the global market areas will fully compete in fine games. The local chess game: Watch the socialization of acquaintances in the housing card model. From a profit perspective, we think
Based on the familiar socialization of the home card model, the top three-point Quinlon game breakout benefits from client experience, corporate profitability and risk control.
Research and development is important, and Klon provides a strong support. The Global Flows platform continues to move forward. 1, Investment Opera, access to global traffic platforms, build on the wave, build content platforms; 2, Global Social Platform grindr continues to explode; 3, Overseas response
By investing in keeping the company in a wave of Internet development, interesting shops go to the United States with the promise of 1.) The company's game development model is on track, combining with free play, and strong.
Research and development power has helped to keep the local card game market open, and the play business is expected to break out in 2017: 2) The platform has been active at 370 million a month, making it the world's leading Internet traffic entrance.
Mid-Hai International, 177 Coyopa Boulevard, 14 million active monthly users, 7 million active monthly users of grindr, and 4 active monthly users of porera) assuming that the fun shop was marketed successfully, estimated at $2.5-50 billion, and that the company held stock prices for the fun shop.
The value will be around $3-6 billion, so the counterpart company now has a reasonable market value of $33-360 billion, and when the company moves from a gamemaker to an Internet platform, focusing on the development strategy of building a platform for leading social media and content overseas, it will form four product plates and drive the production of the plates through the construction of a big corporate data system.
1. Mobile game platform operations with Kunlun games and recreation (with tables in February 2017): 2, overseas software shop platform operations with 1 mobile and brothsft at its core: 3, social media operations with the OECRA news stream (not yet included in consolidated statements):
4. Subcultural social media operations with a global social platform grindr (April 2016 with a table). At the same time, companies maintain a keen sense of the Internet’s frontier trends, from mobile games to Internet tools, video broadcasts, subcultures, artificial intelligence, etc., by investing abroad, aiming for a huge increase in the Internet.
The company ' s business income in 2016 was 2,425 million yuan, an increase of 36 per cent in comparison with the previous year: the net profit from maternity was 531 million yuan, an increase from the previous year.1 The company continues to steadily advance the development of the one-size-fits-all model of mobile end-out games.
The Representative, the Holy Dome of God, continued to be distributed throughout the world during the reporting period to a number of countries and regions, showing prominence in overseas markets, particularly in Europe and the United States and Korea:2 The company completed the acquisition of Leisure Network Science and Technology Ltd., which was included in the consolidated statements in February.
There's a clear synergy between recreational and company-rich Internet game distribution resources, with significant growth during the reporting period.
According to newzoo data, the global market for the game industry was $101.1 billion in 2016 and is expected to continue to grow at a compound annual rate of over 6.2 per cent in the future, reaching $128.5 billion by 2020, of which the mobile game market is $38.6 billion, or 38 per cent of the total; and the mobile game market is projected to be in 2016-2020.
It will reach $64.9 billion, or 51% of the total, and a combined growth rate of 13.9% from 2016 to 2020, far beyond the mobile game market, which will be the main driver of the game industry. From the global mobile game market, the mobile game industry grew at less than 30% in all four regions in 2016, Asia and the Pacific.
The region is the largest mobile game market in the world, with an industry of $21.6 billion, accounting for 56.1 per cent of the global mobile game market, with China, Japan and Korea accounting for 46 per cent, 28 per cent and 9 per cent of the Asia-Pacific region, respectively. As the overseas game market matures, the growth rate in the overseas market in 2016 was not decreasing in South-East Asia alone.
It is believed that in the next one to two years, the global market areas will be able to fully compete in fine games. Mobile games are the main driving force behind the game market, with 56.1% of the world's mobile markets in Asia and the Pacific.
Global growth in mobile games is declining, and countries are growing in size. Figure 10: Only the South-East Asian region has an unstable market pattern.
In 2016, China ' s overseas market sales revenue for autonomous R & D games amounted to $7.23 billion, an increase of 36.2 per cent, representing 29 per cent of China ' s total revenue for the same period, and China ' s competitiveness in global markets has increased significantly.
Chinese gamers already have a significant number of manufacturers in the field of mobile games that have developed and distributed to global leaders, particularly in South-East Asia, while the market for mobile games in North America is very open, non-North American mobile games account for 43 per cent of the market in North America, while the current share of Chinese games in the North American market is only 3-4 per cent, which is relatively relative.
Low. The North American market is a large potential market for Chinese play companies. Figure 14: China's market share in mobile games is still up in North America. Figure 15: North America and Japan's share in games.
Local board game: Watching the socialization of acquaintances' home card mode Board game focuses on a few big platforms in the pc era, such as the qq game platform, and moves on the Internet, where no card app can make and accommodate all local cards, and a lot of board games are different.
There are two main categories, the national chess market, and the local chess market. The national product rules are relatively simple across the country, and the target users are large numbers of national users, requiring a large number of users.
(b) Local chess games have highly localized products and operations, and have a rich variety of products and local characteristics.
Card games are popular in three or four-line cities and rural areas with fewer recreational activities, high-end tgi users in county-level cities and townships, and a large number of agents to push for product promotion in three or four-line cities, while national chess players such as troupe have the advantage of the product, so local chess companies take advantage of the opportunity to launch precision.
A game of cards that conforms to local play, and thus captures local markets through channels. Watchs the socialization of acquaintances' housecard patterns.
And since China's local card game users have a lot of recreational activities in video and social areas, and often have lines, the number of players playing cards is slightly more than 50%, indicating that about half of them play chess online and online, so we think that local card game users are naturally fit to communicate through social networking, while at the same time they are in the middle.
46.6% of the local chess game users are aware of the fact that they are recommended through a friend-to-friend exchange, and from a profit-based perspective, we believe that the best combination of customer experience, corporate profitability, and risk control is based on the socialization of acquaintances.
1. From the perspective of client experience, clients tend to live, profit, socialize in turn; 2, from the point of view of corporate profitability, chess games are paid for in roughly three ways, buying the game currency, the number of renewal games and participating in the competition. We see from the ratio of user fees, buying the game currency and entering the upper room.
At the highest level, the number of continuity games is secondary, with the lowest number of competitors participating in games and looking for serious games; 3. The lowest risk, from a risk-control perspective, is the housing card model, the game mode, the game currency mode.
The game currency mode, i.e. online random organization, little known to the player and the player, has a virtual game currency in the game, the player collects the game currency from the agent or from the platform, during which the platform will draw water (similar to a system that automatically pulls a portion of the pea off each game) and then plays a large amount of the game coin.
Homes can choose to exchange items in the mall, such as phone cards, and on the other hand, there are groups of professionals who sell coins, which leads to a certain risk in the traditional gold-style chess game.
The game model: the competitive experience gives rise to a competitive culture (medium experience, less profitable) and the game model is a three- or four-person game that has been transformed into a match of 300, 3,000, 30,000, with users seeking honour and post-win rewards, with the goal of changing from free time to free time.
On the one hand, to make the game model more playable, and on the other, to enhance the unique competitive experience of users in the game of chess. Figure 24: The number of users of jj competitions is growing.
For example, there are a number of modes of operation, such as cross-line channels, product combinations, resource swaps and real-estates, which allow users to compete every day on the platform, with a full-time open competition, with a maximum online participation of 700,000 people in one game and eventually in one game.
The comparison between culture, people no longer in win-win terms, and players in the end depends on winning the championship.
The board game mode of the housecard mode allows the player to land through social account number one, buy a house card, create a room, invite friends and friends to share his or her performance and play back. The " room" in the game requires a charge for the house card. Each card is fixed, the room is created at a cost that generates consumption, and the user buys it once the house card is missing.
Buy, game operators make profits through the production and sale of housing cards, each game wins and wins between players, and the water runs out of the company. And the fact that the housing card model is growing rapidly within the industry is that many companies use a three-tier distribution similar to micro-business.
The system (there is only no hierarchy between agents) makes it possible to make a direct profit from the game agent and the promotion method. The agent is a sales agent, and the sales agent is a sales agent. The sales agent earns the difference in value by developing a player. The promoter is a game player, and the player generates the purchase of cards by playing a game.
Camp returns to extension agents, with the current mainstream return options being three levels, namely, development b,a b, b, c,a and b, c, c, c. The Klon game is strongly combined with leisure.
Quinlon Game: In 2017, self-researching authorized ip hand-to-hand on the line, the initial main business of Klonwanwi was mainly web game research and development and in- and out-of-sea operations, followed by timely re-direction of companies, active involvement in mobile game areas, 2012 proxy tribal conflict game, expansion of business from page tours.
Hand-by-hand rolls, company launches in 2015 on the start-up board and transitioning from hand-by-hand to a one-size-fits-all model in 2015, roll-out of unciphered self-study tours such as The Al Book, The Two-Swordless Knife, and constant reserve of ip resources such as the Sword of the Sword, The Great Monopoly, etc., are expected to have more than seven self-research authorizations in 2017, and it is expected that more than seven ip hands-by-hand tours will take place in 2017.
q2 on the line "The Terminator", "Stealing Stars in September", "Death" q3 on the line "The Cloud of the Sword" q4 on the line "Loch", "Hopeol", "Sobbing."
In 2016, a fully-owned subsidiary of Kunon Wanwi, Tibet Quintao, financed the purchase of 51 per cent of each other's recreational shares, and each other became researchers and distributors of the “local-specific recreational games” of the Chinese-led housing card model, with a focus on the efficient, high-quality operational services of its products and on the promotion strategies of its agents.
Sex quickly opens local markets and becomes a leader in the housing card model. Leisure and recreation have been officially imported into the Iso 27001 authority security certification, becoming the first company to be certified in the chess industry.
Fig. 27: The card mode is colorable asparagus per week.
You can eat cards as if they weren't windy.
Two times as much as we'll ever be in the middle of the ocean.
Eating and beating limits, solitaires, waking up. No waking up.
Xinjiang's Temple Department.
Three red noodles. I know the pasta (1) (1) (1)
There are currently 30 games apps for each other, of which 26 are mahjong (research and development of different products for different mahjongs in different provinces and municipalities), 4 cards, mainly concentrated in Hunan, Sichuan, Guangdong, Hainan, Shaanxi, Guizhou, Ningxia, Fujian, Guangxi, Jiangxi, Yunnan and the other provinces where the population is still not marketed.
The majority of users are currently using fragmentary time for card entertainment rather than for heavy consumption.
It's $242 million. At the present time, 30 games of play and entertainment are appdau at $4 million, arpu at $1.5, we're looking at the free card model and the resources of the Cullen game to sustain and increase the market share on a continuous basis, and we're estimating company dau based on arpu at $1.5, with the company adding an average monthly dau in June-November 2016.
Three hundred and twenty thousand people have reached 350-4 million to date, and the game of chess is important, and Quinlon provides strong support, and there's really nothing to develop from the point of view of play, and the product is basically the same, but if it's not, it's the game product.
A strong team of technology can be troubled at a very multi-technical level, user loss can be very rapid, and Klon can provide strong support in his research and development. There are three ways to go:
1. Hacking attacks: In a homogenous chess class of products, it is assumed that the user and income of the product will reach a certain level of magnitude and will be vulnerable to hacking. Without its own research and development team, high-security servers are not enough, and when the server collapses, the user will lose;
2. bugs: many small-scale chess firms choose to outsource or re-developed products and cannot fix bugs in the first place. By the time the outsourcing team solves, several days have passed and users have already lost them.
Business continues to profit from the game coins by means of externalization or preset code holes, and the global flow platform continues to move forward.
And brothsoft is an internationally renowned software shop platform, grindr is a global social platform, and Iotra is a browser tool platform with 350 million users worldwide. Investing in Opra, getting a global flow platform, catching the tide of transformation, building on it.
In November 2016, a consortium of buyers made up of Hong Kong's Kwanwei, ffh, kfh, Chihu Hong Kong, and Golden Brick Cayman bought 100 per cent of the shares of the Oelaas at $575 million.
33.33% of shares. A share of 33.33% of shares is acquired in all assets, employees, rights and operations related to the OPERA desktop browser and mobile browsers, as well as related markets, pr, commerce, legal affairs, finance, hr personnel, etc.
Figure 29: The status and characteristics of the Opra trade structure: the highlight of the ORP is the use of data compression technology, which can be enhanced The speed of browsing reduces traffic consumption, downloading videos saves 60 per cent of mobile phone traffic and is suitable for countries with low Internet consumption
According to statcounter, by April 17, the market was 2.1% at the end of pc and 5% at the end of the mobile market. Looking through the browser market, we found that browsers were being transformed into detooling, and qq browsers were being replaced.
The transition to a popular tool is a content-consolidation platform, one-stop work, life, entertainment, etc., and instead of the previous mobile browser multiscreens, the product interface provides users with more direct access to information in the form of " Customized Site Entry + Four Classifications tab " . 360 mobile browsers are also catching up on content.
The general trend of the convergence transition is not only to customize its exclusive news messages for users, but also to bring together live feeds. Also, the Opra will create a digital news information platform, opranges, upgrade the pagera browser from a single search and search mode to a more accurate push-out news and information service, thereby increasing the frequency and stickyness of users.
In January 2016, the company acquired 61.53% of the shares of the US social network.
April Consolidated Statement. Grindr is a global social platform, with a market that has expanded from the United States and Britain to North America, 10,000 yuan, with a net profit of 22 million yuan. From 2010 to date, it has long been at the top of the social best-selling list, and there has been a significant increase in the number of active users since the month when they took over, and grindr has grown from 2 million since the January 2016 takeover.
Up to 3 million plus, Mau reached 7 million. 32: grindr day ranking is at the top of the best-selling list. 33: grindr ' s operating income increased significantly.
Overseas Applied Distribution Shop 1 mobile is in a performance breakout phase The company launched a pc end-of-the-end software distribution breakout site in 2008 and started operating a mobile end 1 mobile application shop in 2011, which is now dominated by 1 mobile.
Distribution platform, with more than 1.2 million software and game applications downloaded by 1 mobile, supporting 20 languages, currently with 14 million active users per month, with an average monthly distribution of 120 million hits.
With the growth in the number of active monthly users, we believe that corporate software products are gradually maturing, and that the future will be a performance outbreak for software products to realize. By investing, companies will always be on the Internet.
Since the company was on the market, it has always been keen to smell innovation and development of the Internet, whether it's a game-master or an Internet-related industry, such as live broadcasts, artificial intelligence, etc., and it's investing in fun and fun.
The company is a financial technology company for 500 million non-credit-card people. The company was established in March 2014.
Formerly the "Funning Break" group, based on a unified and unique wind control and big data system and working with multiple third-party big data platforms in the country, was able to identify user information in a multi-dimensional and comprehensive manner. In October 2016, Hsien Shenzhen, a fully funded subsidiary of the Treasury, was given 5% of Phoenix's happy Beijing era at $375 million.
The annual net profit was 423 million yuan, but according to the annual report of the State Treasury, the 16-year interest shop realized a net profit of 563 million yuan (unaudited), 33 per cent higher than the value of the evaluation, which also meant that the January-July 2016 net profit was 22,570,000 yuan per month, and up to August-December 2016, estimated at 563 million net profits for the year, 8-December.
According to the Wall Street Journal, in November 16, the fun shop owner, Beijing’s Happy Age, plans to raise between $500 million and $800 million in the United States. Given the size of the store’s users, the volume of transactions, and the volume of transactions since the second half of the 16th century,
The company’s valuation is expected to increase significantly, as performance is fast-growing, as well as interesting shops’ pre-eminence in Internet consumer finance and stronger wind-control capabilities. Interesting shops are compared to Sofi’s United States student-aided loans.
1) The corporate game business development model is on track, combining with leisure and recreation, helping to continuously expand market shares in the local card game market through strong research and development efforts, and the game business is expected to reach 370 million a month, making it the world ' s leading Internet traffic portal.
14 million users, 7 million active users per month, 350 million active users per month, and 3) as corporate games and platform operations progress through, we expect companies to be successful in the market on the assumption that the value of their shareholdings will reach the value of $2.55 billion.
(b) Responsible professional attitudes, professional prudential research methods, the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective presentation of this report, and accountability for the content and opinions of this report. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, is not, is not.
This would be directly or indirectly relevant to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.