Research one + layout board, with a performance harvest period to Zhang Qiang Wai, self-researching and growth of the game within: 1) game business strategy upgraded to shift
S-06051607001 Animated Precisionip Game Development One Mode, previously developed autonomously and developed fine games such as The Al Hare Book, The Twin Swords, The Holy Dome of the Devil, and the proxy 'Nightmare III'
The country, the Six Dragons 3d, the National Miracles, the Royal War, etc., were loved by global players and consolidated the distribution system abroad; 2) In 2017, based on international excellence, self-researched product lines continued, and in 17 years self-researched product lines were very rich, and it was hoped that they would be online.
(c) We believe that the company has a strong self-research capability and that, with the increase in self-research, the profits from the games are expected to increase in proportion to the profits from the games.
The purchase of idle games has greatly increased profits, highlighting the industry in cooperation with the Directorate General of Sports: 4 medals, which have taken over the market since Hunan and Sichuan and now cover most of the country's provinces/cities, with a total of 3.9 million applications, with a concentration of users of age.
The net monthly profits are $755, 9045, and 7482 million, respectively, and are on the increase; 3) Free play is the officially authorized sports platform of the National Sports Authority, which will host the ccpc free-riding online competitions in the district.
The Bureau’s collaborative opportunities to highlight its position in the business sector, promising long-term steady growth, and idle alliances, will lead to a clear increase in corporate profits in the future. With three global platforms driven by globalization, the overall strategy has been scaled up:
The social media with a news flow at the core will have significant synergies with other business sections of the Division; 2) acquisition of the largest global homosexual community
Turn over the grindr platform, which has over 10.5 million registered users in 196 countries, living on over 3 million people per day, with an average of over 54 minutes per day, while attracting traffic while making advertising available; 3) with 1 mobile and brothsoft
The 16-year increase in revenue for the core offshore software shop platform was fivefold, and the synergy of the distribution function was highlighted. We believe that through the integration and coordination of the three platforms, the company has achieved a strategy of attracting user flows while obtaining revenue from advertising conversions.
The aim is to achieve an impact of 1+1 greater than 2. The achievement period, combined with the release of profits from the M & As and the synergies of the three platforms, is expected to continue to exceed expectations, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered.
Building a leading social media and content platform overseas The company has focused on its own core strengths and development strategy “Building a leading social media and content platform abroad” and has now formed four major product plates and built a big corporate data system
The main product plates, which are driven by synergies, are as follows: 1, mobile swims at the core of the Cullen Game and Leisure (in February 2017 and on the table), 2, offshore software shop platform operations at the core of 1 mobile and brothssoft:
3 Socialization at the heart of the news stream of Opra (not yet included in the consolidated statements), and sub-cultural social media at the core of the male-to-male community grindr (April 2016 combined).
2. Mobile games contribute mainly to the main game business, mobile games are the largest market, and card users are sticky. According to the 2016 Chinese game industry report, China ' s game market has slowed down and continues to grow.
The 16-year increment is due in part to the high growth of mobile games, where real sales earnings grew by 59.2 per cent in 2016, reaching $81.9 billion, and the 49.5 per cent share of one over-pc client game, making it the biggest segment of the Chinese game industry.
In terms of mobile games, the size of mobile game users, after two years of slow growth in 2014 and 2015, grew by nearly 30 per cent in 2016 and the size of the total mobile game users.
It has reached 528 million. In the larger context of rising consumption, the size of future mobile game users continues to be raised in combination with the ease of mobility at the end and the influence of motion travel, with the major increase still coming from traditional non-players.
Figure 6: Market revenues from mobile games in China 2012-2016 Figure 7: Size and increase in size and growth of mobile games users in China 2012-2016 (in billions of yuan)
Chess games are able to make up for the small number of single-type user groups through a rich variety of types and form a large total market size, which, according to the Irey White Book of China ' s Chess Industry of 2017, a total of 3.84 billion yuan was marketed for local chess games in China in 2016, of which 3.84 billion yuan was transferred.
Motion ends account for 57% and mobile end users reach 157 million, slightly higher than the 155 million at the pc end. Chess games have two main features: 1) local-specific board games attract local players, local-specific card users have as much as 91.1% mobile end penetration; 2) chess games have as much as 91.1% penetration.
A chess game has a longer life cycle and a higher degree of user loyalty. Such characteristics determine that a local card game platform is able to reach its target users through precision product positioning, shape a hand-walking strategic position, integration, proxy precision development.
Billion dollars, or 80.66 per cent of total operating income, of which 1,810 million dollars were generated by mobile games, which increased the game business strategy to one model for mobile end-of-goods ip games, which had been developed on a self-researched basis, such as Al's Book of War, the Two-Swordless Gill and others, as well as the proxy's Dream Trinity,
"The Six Dragons 3d, "The Wonder of the Nation" and "The Royal War" have been embraced by global players and consolidated by overseas distribution systems. 1) Among the self-researching products, the English version of "Al's War Book" was officially launched in January 2016.
178 referrals from up to 121 countries and territories in Googleplay and Apple Shop; The French-language edition of The Holy Dome, July 2016, which led to the introduction of global phenomenon-level tours developed by the Finnish Supercell Corporation, in the context of proxy games, particularly in emerging markets (2)
Tribe Conflict: The Royal War. In overseas markets, companies have succeeded in exporting a number of national masterpieces, the main products of Hangzhou Episcopal Dream Triple, Snail Game Tai Panda 2, Zoulong Recreation 3d, Time and Time for All Miracles, etc.
In 2017, the company will focus on the development of ip-backed hands-to-hand trips, including Hope ol, Rocky, Sobbing based on pc games, The September Star Stealing Day, Bleach Boundaries-Awakening of the Spirits based on moving works, and The Swords, based on the Chinese player's single-machine game, which is based on the Great Man.
The game of chess, the M&A model of home cards, and the fun of each other, focusing on the creation of a market segment for the products of the Local Character Leisure.
China's mobile Internet users provide innovative products that combine “recreational intelligence” with “competing competition”; by buying free time and recreation, companies quickly enter the area of leisure play segmentation to complement each other, and step up the market size and user size of the company and increase its ability to sustain profits.
From Hunan to Sichuan, the market was seized and now covers most of the country's provinces/cities with a peak of 3.9 million, with a concentration of 20-40-year-olds and a comparative share of female users.
By December 2016, culturalists and 29 platforms with fewer than 10,000 people online, belonging to a high concentration of users, had a strong competitive advantage in the industry.
The opportunity to cooperate with the Directorate-General of Sport and Physical Education is expected to develop in a healthy and sustainable manner, as one of the strategic partners and sponsors of the “National Two-Pocket Game” (ccpc), which is hosted by the National Directorate of Sports and is currently the most authoritative national event in two-to-one fields.
3. Three platform-driven strategic upgrades to build synergies between users and advertising realizations, acquisition of old-fashioned browser Opra, business model upgrades
The company participates as a major investor in a fully-owned subsidiary, Kunlontechlimited (Hong Kong Vanvi), forming a consortium of buyers to purchase 100% of the Oprasofwareas held by Oprasofwareasa with a desktop browser containing Oprara, mobile browsers, mobile privacy and security.
Products such as operamax throughout the business, in which the opera browser has been recognized by international end-users and industry media for rapid, small and better standard compatibility and has been promoted online by many; the company will inherit the original opera brand and move browsers and desktops under the flag.
The company plans to add the precision of news information to the original Opra browser product, making it an integrated platform-level application that combines search, navigation, content distribution, socialization, etc.
And the business model extends from the original navigation, search engine splits, software preloading, etc. to the commercial realization. The accurate distribution of news messages can increase the frequency and stickyness of browser users.
It is bound to stimulate new dynamism for the Opra browser and to create significant synergies with the company’s other business plates. The acquisition of same-sex social platforms and participation in the subculture social media business
The company purchased 61.53 per cent of grindr ' s shares at $93 million. grindr is the largest gay social platform in the world, with more than 10.5 million registered users in 196 countries, more than 3 million active users per day, more than 30 per cent of users in the United States, on average.
Over 54 minutes, the business model includes membership fees and platforms. 16 years of companies expanding their focus markets from the United States and Britain at the beginning of the year to countries such as North America, Latin America, Europe and South-East Asia, with a significant increase in the number of active monthly users compared to the beginning of the year.
The net profit generated by grindr in April-December 2016 was $35,751,944.58 and the net profit earned by the parent was $21,988,171.5.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not the only thing that's going to happen to me.
Averageof50+minesin-applaidly millennials
As the number of members increases and the potential for advertising increases, grindr is expected to show a steady growth over the long term; large user data accumulated by subcultural social media, as well as the ability to advertise, will be used in company games, social media, software shop platform business, etc.
Other plates have significant synergies. Software shops have highlighted distribution advantages.
From the start of the pc-era software shop platform, brothsoft, in 2008, to 2011, the mobile end software shop platform, 1 mobile, was operated, and the team gained a wealth of experience, with 16 years of product reaching maturity, with revenue of up to 158 million and Māori growth to 84 per cent.
Figure 15: Software application store business collection Software shop platform as a software distribution platform has produced significant synergies with other corporate business such as mobile game platforms, social media, etc. In the future, companies will continue to explore soft tools.
Apply this application to further increase the number of active users on the platform ' s end. Consider that up to five hand-to-hand tours are expected in 17 years, the Holy Land is entering the current water stabilization phase, and hand-to-hand operations are expected to grow by more than 50%; and the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Tibetan Quno funders
In February, the dollar won 51 per cent of each other's share in leisure and recreation, and in February, it was on a quarterly basis, with an increase of 62 per cent, based on a stable return and profit rate for the month after March 2016, which would release profits throughout the year and the synergies generated by the three platforms, with performance expected to continue to exceed expectations and cover for the first time.
The hand-held industry faces intense competition, with more companies entering the industry with the outbreak of market heat, and industry users are increasingly demanding products, and companies are at risk of being hampered in their development; games. Industry is subject to regulatory influences, particularly the risk that the chess industry may be hampered in its development.
Recreational performance was not as good as expected; the acquisition business was poorly coordinated and the synergies were lower than expected.