In April, the company published sales data, growing 74 per cent in the same month, and the company grew 74 per cent in the same month.
In April, the recovery of the car industry was largely finalized, but the brands under the banner of Chang-Ann continued to perform better than the industry as a whole.
It's the most powerful product cycle. 2 long-term autonomy is one of the most powerful. Long-term autonomy is the three-and-one-month star car type: suv model cs75, cs35 continues to sell ahead of the industry competitors, and the sedan series is monthly.
Three, the long Anfort supply chain is returning to a steady increase in sales. As a result of the shutdown of the Wuhan spare parts supply chain, Enfort sales in February and February are not ideal, but with the return of the Wuhan spare parts supply, there is a need to increase sales.
Long-Amford sales have risen steadily, adding to its super-high product cycle, and will continue to be over-predicted in the future 4,803/4,803.4 and long-Ammadur has contributed to steady growth.
The 12-month high/minimum volatility of sales is relatively small, but the April sales of the Long Amajda have exceeded expectations, and the profile tests confirm the overall recovery of the industry.
The Chang-An vehicle (000625) is over the mountain, and the new 5 or 2 seasons show a high level of certainty in terms of performance growth. After a bleak quarter of the industry, the recovery of the sector ' s performance was high, especially since Chang-Aan had both operational performance and investment.
Jang's car (000625) is expected to outperform the industry rivals in the second quarter.
Investment proposals: The trend is evident in the beginning of the second quarter, with the addition of a high-quality DMV, and we expect the Chang An car to have a net profit of $4 billion, $6 billion in 2021, and a research institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.