This is the most difficult thing to do with the option of consuming car parts and spare parts, and looking forward to a break in the new product event: the company published its annual report 2019 and its quarterly report 2020, and the company collected it in 2019.
The most difficult moments are passing, and the beginnings of self-improvement have come to light. In 2019, the company suffered a significant loss as a result of greater pressure on joint ventures, and the worst operating times have passed with the disposal of the assets of the long Anpsa.
The hot marketing of product cs75plus has led to a strong break in the new product cycle, while a certain level of profitability has been achieved in the Autonomous Block in the fourth quarter of 1919, with the proven ability to sell and profit from autonomous branding and the emergence of improvements.
The impact of the disposal of new energy assets increases profits q1 and the epidemic hits short-term business performance.
There is still some pressure on sales operators, mainly for down-scale and cost-pressure in the context of the epidemic.
The new car, the new car, the new cars, the new cars, the new cars, the new cars, the new ones, the new investment trends, the new brands, the new ones.
About $6 billion for the upgrading of the car factory and the production of new technologies, such as new power and smart driving, have allowed companies to have a better stock for the future. Future ownership, brand gravity series, Ford Explorers, Lincoln's brand new product, all-new suv, and so on.
New models are about to be marketed, leading to a full recovery of the company, and future performance is still worthwhile. Investment proposals: while the company's 2019 performance is under pressure, the worst is in the past, and the power of the main car has been proven in the market.
Four billion dollars, six billion dollars, keep the "buy-in" rating. Although the epidemic will have some impact on the vehicle market in 2020, we expect that the joint venture brand will remain one of the best-performing companies in 2020, and we will continue to focus on recommendations.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report