In the event that Chang-An's May sales data were published, 79,000 auto sales were made, up from the same amount.
1. Autonomous joint ventures have come together, with strong sales. In May, long-term self-reliance, long Anfort, and long Anmajda have achieved excellent sales performance, far beyond the overall recovery of the industry, showing a very strong product cycle and self-regulating capacity.
2. Autonomous brand products open new market space. In May, with the traditional long-range branded vehicle continuing to be strong, the new unit-t-based, “gravitation”-separated brand was launched and accepted by the market as the main driving force behind the strong growth of long-sovereign ownership in May.
Total equity/flow (millions) 3 and Ford sales have risen steadily, and low-channel stocks reflect the quality of the recovery.
The May end-of-the-month retail sales data of 21,000 items, which are essentially the same as the announced wholesale sales, show that the stock of the longest/minimum 12-month long Anfort channel was relatively low, but the volume of sales increased, indicating that the long Anfort round was back in business.
Su is extremely healthy, and the Chang An car (000625) " Joint ownership goes hand in hand, becoming the front-runner of the recovery of the industry " - 2020/05/05
In May, under a new model, cx-30, the Chang An vehicle (000625), which is the most difficult, looks forward to a few high-speed growths, a shorter product line, and a new one.
In the city of 2020/04/30, Governor Ammadha, or will move away from the image of the past brand, has risen to popular brands.
Investment advice: The whole car has become more flexible. The trend is clear in the second quarter, when high-quality car companies are proposed to be added, and we expect the long car to be a net profit in 2020 and 2021.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.