The number of cars and car parts that can be consumed, the number of explorers on the market, the structure of Changfu, and the number of cars that are listed on the market by the price range of the five cars that are listed on the market.
The previously anticipated 35-43 million price zones are further down, with a four-drive price of the main power sold at 33-400,000, and there is a clear advantage for the inter-discovery.2 The co-priced bba is the same type of vehicle, and explorers have a cross-class advantage.
Sits in suv, where explorers have a more visible cross-cutting advantage.3 The explorers have a more significant product for common joint ventures.
It's mostly popular and Toyota Hanlanda, but it's a product of total market value/flow (millions of dollars) that is significantly lower than that of explorers, and other explorers in all their configurations.
The vehicle Chang An (000625) has three arrows, one strong and the other hard to stop.
-20/20/06/08 and general brand full-size suv total market capacity of over 50,000 sold a month, and we believe that Chang An's (000625), joint venture ownership, is going hand in hand.
For explorers, it is expected that more than 10% of the market share will be captured in this market.
Investment proposal: Longfu's structure accelerates. We think hiding behind Chang-Aun's self-autonomous super-high sales increase in the new product breakup -- 2020/04/30 -- is a very robust recovery from Chang-Amford, especially in terms of the profit margin associated with his structural upturn.
The sex market is not well understood and valued accordingly. We expect the long-smoking car to have a net profit of $4 billion in 2020, $6 billion in 2021, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report