We've got a new cycle, right in time: the company released a 2019 performance report and a quarterly report forecast, 2019.
By the end of the day, the bottom trend has remained the same. In 2019, the company lost its performance because of the pressure from Chang Anfort and the Chang Ands joint venture. q1 was affected by the disease in 2020, and the industry again faced significant downward pressure and business performance, but as a result of the company’s growth.
With the current non-recurring gains and losses (introduction of new energy strategy investors) in the order of $2.2 billion, performance is equal, and as the industry warms up, the road to bottom recovery will begin in the future.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is focused on the main brand of car V, with Oshan and Kaichen assisting in the effort.
After the assets have been recombined, the entire assets of the listed company have been recommenced.
Quality is improved, and the overall quality of business and profitability will be enhanced when light-loading is re-emerged. cyclical reverse forces - 2020/04/12 Long An (000625) Quantified, new cycle
It's time for a new car cycle. Although there's some pressure on performance, the company is one of the most powerful companies in the current new cycle, with many of the products in one quarter's maximum environment.
The field performance has been validated and the core model cs75plus continues to sell, and once plus is on the market, Ford double-crosss the industry.
Meanwhile, Ford is expected to grow gradually after the recovery of the market, and Lincoln is expected to make a full contribution, and the new cycle of cars is expected to withstand the downside risks of the market. Investment proposal: While the company’s performance in 2019 is under pressure, the worst is now in the past.
The power of the main new car has been proven in the market. We expect the long-ann automobile to be a net profit in 2019, 2020 - $2.6 billion, $4 billion, and keep the "buy-in" rating. Although the epidemic will have some impact on the motorbike market in 2020, we expect that the joint venture brand will still be sold in 2020.
We'll continue to focus on one of the best-performing companies.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.