There's a general increase in autonomous joint ventures, and the new model is expected to make a sustained increase in the volume of the car, the yellow content, the company's production and sale of 1596,000 vehicles in April, an increase of 32.03 per cent over the same period, and the ring's growth.
According to company data, in April Chang An was the Chinese brand car sales of 11,94,000 vehicles, an increase of 10,000 vehicles, 122,000 vehicles, 103,000 vehicles, 101,000 vehicles, plus series and Eusanx7 serial stock.
In addition, the company created a new series of medium-end and high-end vehicles, which is located in future technology producers, and the first vehicle, which is expected to be on the market in June, will be launched in the future.
4-5 models, including motion suv, sports car, etc., are expected to continue the new cycle. Long Anfort, Long Anma al-Dha, gradually recovers, and new models are being placed or will continue to improve sales (202001)
The company’s joint brand sales have been gradually restored, with the sales of 2.05 million vehicles by Long Anfort, Long Anmada and 1,180,000 vehicles in April, an increase of 38.31 per cent, 36.80 per cent and a rise of 85.89 per cent and 75.15 per cent respectively.
At the end of the year and in March of this year, the new car plans also included new models such as explorers, Lincoln flightrs, and Monteo 2020, Leads, Fox Travel, etc., to address the old revenue structure of the long Anfort (2019).
At the end of the month, the skyactiv-x motors will be introduced into the country and carried in Anxera, cx-30s, and the skyactiv-x engine, using a compressed technology, will be effective in increasing the fuel economy, torque, etc., and will further improve the competitiveness of the vehicle.
Replenishment of capital to improve the production capacity of suv, engines and to guarantee medium- and long-term development
The power-building project, the project to upgrade the capabilities of the Collision Laboratory, the project to build the cd 569 production line, the production capacity of serial engines and the safety of car collisions, guaranteeing the company ' s medium- and long-term development, and the risk of vehicle sales falling short of expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively and for ensuring that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and that no third part of the conclusions are drawn.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.