With a significant increase in profitability, new energy engines have added a lot of space and pottery companies published a three-quarterly report in 2022, generating business income of $146,276 million in the first three quarters.
22.25 per cent increase in the same year: net return to mother ' s profit of $5.015 billion (with a deduction of $3.930 billion); operating income of $55.118 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 26.10 per cent in the same year; and substantial increase in profitability in the volume of fire panels.
The net profit from the third quarter was 2.720 billion yuan (year-on-year +351.08%), mainly due to the increase in profit margins of the fire and the transfer of equity in Ningxia region, which resulted in higher investment returns. The third quarter was the benefit of the third quarter’s power supply, and the pyrotechnic block was raised.
Liang Yunan, with 11.41 billion kWh of electricity generated (+8.1 per cent of the year), is responsible for 79 per cent of the electricity generated by fire and, in the third quarter, for an average of 423.31 kWh per kilowatt hour (+28.2 per cent of the year).
At the cost end, over the six-month period since the release of document 303, national and local compliance controls have been increasing, and we expect the average price of coal in the company to fall in the third quarter. With the combined effect of the price of coal in the stove and the increase in the price of electricity on the Internet, the profitability of the pyrotechnic plate has increased significantly.
With the rapid growth of PVs, the subsequent growth of wind and light units is expected to lead to higher profitability and a robust increase in the profitability of new energy plates as they increase in size. By the end of the third quarter, the company held 95.57gw (as compared to 3.0 per cent), with wind power 7.46gw (as compared to 8.4 per cent).
Photovoltaic 2.32gw (year-on-year +78.5%). Wind power generated 1,644 million kWh (year-on-year + 5.7%) in the first half of the year, and photovoltaic generated 1,542 million kWh (year-on-year + 383.8%).
A significant increase in profitability, with a significant increase in net operating cash flows of 14.15 per cent in the third quarter, an increase of 9.44 pct in the third quarter and 2.31 pct in the second quarter compared to the second quarter of Rupee; and a significant increase in net interest rates of 9.74 per cent in the third quarter, an increase in the same year
11.26 pct, an increase of 4.64 pct over the second quarter ring; net operating cash flow in the third quarter, resulting from an increase in the retention refunds on the same basis.
In accordance with the State Council ' s Press Office ' s policy of 13 October, the company led the process of signing medium- and long-term contracts in an effort to stabilize market prices, with the National Energy Group and the China Coal Group having a repayment rate of more than 90 per cent and yielding more than 50 billion dollars to downstream companies.
We believe that the four-quarter coverage rate is expected to increase significantly, and that the unit price of coal on the stove is expected to decrease significantly from the previous three quarters. Given that the cost of coal power can rise by up to 20%, and that the energy industry will not be constrained by this increase, it is expected that the profitability of the power supply will continue to rise.
With the 1450 target for new energy 35gw, there is still a large amount of room for new loaders, the company still has a relatively high share of electric heaters and is more motivated to respond to the energy transition of the consortium and the National Finance Committee. According to the company's plan, during the "145" period, the new energy loader 35gw.
The share of clean energy units at the end of the 14th Five-Year Plan is more than 40%. The company relies on conventional energy support capacity, using resources such as peaks, access points, etc., to have a significant advantage in accessing and developing new energy projects.
Coal prices remain high, new energy development is not progressing as expected, electricity prices are rising, etc. Tuu has graduated from China’s Mining University (Beijing), with more than 10 years of industrial research experience, and has long been working on environmentally friendly public use and downstream research in the industrial chain.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities. Sense, a master’s degree from the Beijing Chemical Industry University, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to conduct research in the environmental public sector.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.