China Air West Flight (000768.sz) Military Industrialization Group
China’s only medium-sized and medium-sized civil-military aircraft are operating on a production base, including military aircraft, aircraft spare parts and air services. For more than 60 years, the company has been recombined with significant assets and gradually moving its operations from spare parts processing to full aircraft processing.
The only platform for military large medium-sized aircraft, with long-term capital investment expected to enter the harvest period: 1) Large medium-sized aircraft are key to the construction of the strategic air force: United States military aircraft configuration is used as a reference, and their transport aircraft c-5, c-17, c-130 produced 131, 175, 2699 units, United States of America, respectively.
Military plans to purchase at least 100 b-21 strategic bombers to replace b-52 and b-1. 2) Corporate transport aircraft and bomber products are expected to enter the discharge stage, and company performance is expected to increase into fast lanes: with the delivery of 20 loads, new vehicles, booms and R & D-20 rolls
In the future, capital spending on the company's prior investment is expected to move gradually into the harvest period. 3) Platform adaptations build a single-size economic advantage: special aircraft are often modified from transport, air marshals 200,500 are modified from the company's 8/9 series, and the company's new number has the potential to adapt.
In September 2024, it was expected that the company would become a core supplier for a large segment of its civil aircraft, and that it would benefit fully from the high profile of civil aviation:
1) High demand for civil aircraft: Chinese commercial flights forecast that China will receive 9284 jet aircraft in 2022-2041, with market space of $1.46 trillion. 2) 0919 Nucleon suppliers, or civil capacity climbers in beneficiary countries: to cover the workload of the 0919 body structure
50%, arj21 has 60% of the volume of work on the structure of the aircraft. 3) Deep participation in air passenger foreign trade sub-packs, or expansion of the main plant benefiting air passenger Tianjin: the company is the sole supplier of its wings and is involved in the assembly of a320 series aircraft, which is planned to produce 75 a320 series monthly by 2026
The aircraft’s target, 20% of which is Tianjin’s plant, (4) refers to the larger part of the mature airframes in the United States, where the size of the civil aircraft business has increased, and the company’s combined profitability is expected to continue to increase in the future. Military workers’ long-term assets are expected to enter the harvest period, and equity incentives promote efficiency gains: 1) public
Less than average or 75 rating values for the same industry: eva > 0 at the same time. Scarcity in the area of profit forecasting, valuation and rating, integrity of the equipment type spectrometry, with target of 90xpe in 2025,
Military spending falls short of expectations, and the bulk production of large national aircraft falls short of expectations.
1 China Air West: after three major asset restructurings, the Da-China aircraft developed and re-launched the manufacturing base 1.1 China-based aircraft, covering military, civilian and air services, and China-China Air West (000768.sz) was the only large and medium-sized civil-military aircraft in the country to develop and produce, as well as the Chinese air system.
For more than 60 years, the company was listed in 1997 after a number of major asset groups, moving its operations from the processing of spare parts to the development and manufacture of whole aircraft. It is currently mainly engaged in the development, manufacture, sale, maintenance and servicing of aviation products such as military aircraft and military civil aviation spare parts, and is part of the high-end aviation equipment manufacturing industry.
Military aircraft: The company is the country's main military medium- and large-sized transport aircraft, bombers, special aircraft, and other aviation products Aircraft spare parts: 1) The company is the supplier of the largest aircraft structure of the multi-national-produced large- and medium-sized aircraft: it has assumed the key core components of the new boat series, c919 passenger aircraft, ag600 aircraft, the body of the anrj21 aircraft, the wing of the aircraft, etc.
2) The company is actively involved in international cooperation and subcontracting: undertakes the manufacture of the Boeing 737 aircraft tailings, the Boeing 747 complex, the Airfarers ' a 320/a321 aircraft wings, the body of the aircraft, etc. Air services: the company has formed a substitute for customer support, spare parts support, user training, user information and aircraft maintenance
Chart 1: A map of China and China flying west and deep-farming aviation manufacturing for more than 60 years, the company developed and produced dozens of pieces of “shatters, strong defenses, Hing Air” as its natural job.
(a) The company was listed in 1997 and focused on aviation, after three asset restructurings, gradually transitioning from a manufacturer of aircraft spare parts to a manufacturing platform for the entire fleet of large and medium-sized aircraft.