5g+ motor plate driven growth, yellowstone loss of performance to catch 12 December 2018
• The Yellowstone plant has lost its performance, and the relocation of the plant has been completed, and the post-partum profitability of the new plant has gradually improved.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company generated $3.849 billion, an increase of 14.02 per cent, and net profit from maternity ($383 million, an increase of 136.70 per cent.
The 5g network band is higher than 4g, the base station structure is different from 4g, and the value of a single station with a high frequency pcb will be more than 10 times the value of the unit compared with the depth of 300.
Experts at the Institute of Arts predict that the number of 5g base stations will be 1.5-2 times that of 4g. The increase in the value of single stations and the increase in the number of base stations will drive up the demand for communications pcb. It is expected that the 5g license plate will be issued by the end of 2018, that the 5g license plate will enter the pre-commercial phase in 2019 and that it will be officially commercial in 2020.
The network will gradually enter a large-scale construction phase. The company will benefit as a leading company in the communications pcb field.
At present, the company uses the electric insignia as the main production base for the car board, but the production of the insignia can increase only marginally. On the one hand, the company speeds up the transfer of the non-safe car board to the Yellowstone plant and optimizes the product structure of the microelectric power plant: on the other hand, it activates the construction of the Yellowstone car board line and establishes a safety level car plate.
By the end of 2019, motor panel capacity will be effectively improved. In addition, company collaboration with Schweizer on the lfpcbs product is well under way, and millimetre-wave radar pcb has already been delivered in bulk and is expected to become an important engine for the growth of motor panel operations in the future.
During the construction period, the company was a leading telecommunications pcb company, benefiting more, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. Yellowstone’s profits did not rise as expected; the 5g network was not growing as fast as expected; and the motor panels did not grow as expected.
The company was established in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, in April 1992 and placed on the market in 2010 in the mid-to-late shop. Since its establishment, the company has been working on the design and production of printed circuit boards, which have accumulated over the years, in terms of technology and scale.
At present, the company’s main production positions include the Qingsong plant in Kunshan, the Yellowstone plant in Hubei and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Xi Li Wei, the dominant product is the 14-28-storey corporate communications market board, the medium-high-level motor panel, which is complemented by office and industrial equipment panels, and customers cover Nokia-Simenko, Cisco, and others.
The company’s first shareholders are the Greenview Holdings, which hold 19.66% of the company’s shares, and the real control of the family is the Wu Reyuans. The family holds a limited 75.82% of the shares by holding 100% of the Greening Holdings, with a total of 20.46% of the company’s shares.
The company’s main subsidiaries include Yellowstone Electronics Ltd., Quinsan Microelectric Co. Ltd., Quisan Microelectric Co., Inc. The subsidiary was established in 2002 and is mainly involved in the production of high-grade motor panels.
At the beginning of the company’s establishment, it mainly produced consumer circuit boards for computer mainframes, computer peripherals and simulating mobile phones, the remaining orders at the time of saturation. In 1997, the company began to independently develop technology, markets, stand-alone billings, and develop the remaining orders at the time of saturation.
3.2 mm-4.2mm plate and "21 x 32 inches" 10 floors of medium-sized and medium-sized surfaces of telecommunications equipment, the main application area. In 2009, the company acquired 25 per cent of its share in Quantico microelectrics and entered the area of motor panels. In 2010, the company was listed on small plates in deep contact. Between 2013 and 2016, it was affected by the relocation of Quanshan plant buildings and the construction and commissioning of the Yellowstone Phase.
The performance of the Division declined significantly in 2014, with a loss in 2015 and a gradual recovery in 2016. From 2017 to date, the first harvest of Yellowstone has improved gradually, and the Yellowstone plant has achieved a one-quarter reversal in the second quarter of 2018.
Pcb products are classified according to the number of layers of the conductive graphics and can be divided into single panels, double panels and multilayers; rigid panels, flexible panels and scratching boards according to the softness of the building materials; and, downstream, communication boards, motor panels, consumer electronic panels, computer panels, industrial control panels, etc.
The market for downstream applications of company pcb products includes the corporate communications market, the automobile board market, office and industrial facilities.
The company’s share of revenue in the first half of 2018 was the highest, at 61.9 per cent, followed by the automobile, at 27.2 per cent, the office and industrial equipment boards at 5.7 per cent and the consumer electronic panels at 4.0 per cent.
During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 2,464 million yuan, compared to the Pcb company, a partner in a share, the scale of revenue (ii) the increase in profits of the pine factory, the loss of the yellowstone factory, the catch-up point.
The company ' s net profits fluctuated considerably between 2013 and 2015, with a loss in 2014. In 2016, the company ' s old plant relocation was completed, and the ability of the new plant to make a profit after childbirth was gradually increased.
The company’s first phase of pcb at the Yellowstone Factory entered the pilot production, customer certification phase in 2014 and became operational in 2015. With this, the Yellowstone plant’s operating condition has gradually improved, but it has been in a state of loss and has delayed the company’s performance.
After 2018, the yellow stone factory’s profitability improved considerably, reducing its losses to $13 million in the first half of 2018, which was significantly lower than last year, and made a positive profit for the first time in the first quarter of the second quarter. The yellowstone factory earned about $9 million in the third quarter of a single season, and is expected to make a positive gain throughout the year.
At present, the company has initiated production planning for the Yellowstone motor panel, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2019. At the same time, the company has accelerated the transfer of medium-end corporate communication boards, non-safe motor panels and industrial control panels like Yellowstone in the Quanshan sector.
The overall profitability of the Yellowstone plant will be effectively improved by the commissioning of car plate lines, the continued accumulation of large-scale production experience by the Yellowstone plant’s operating team, and the upgrading of some of the bottlenecks in process efficiency and productivity. The fully-owned subsidiary, Valium Microelectric, is mainly engaged in motor panel manufacturing, and in recent years there has been a steady increase in revenue and net profits.
Industry income grew from 915 million yuan in 2014 to 1,376 million yuan in 2017, with net profits of 95 million yuan from 52 million yuan in 2014 and an increase of 10.97 per cent in the same year. It is expected that in the future, as companies shift non-safe car boards to yellowstone plants, the product structure of valwe will be further adjusted to high-end cars.
In terms of Māori, the company ' s Māori rate has been rising steadily since the near completion of plant relocation in 2015, from 2015 to 2017 to 22.81%. We expect that the company ' s combined Māori rate is expected to increase further as the company ' s Qing Ping Pine and Quasi micro-electric product structures are further adjusted to higher ends and the yellowstone efficiency rate increases further.
ii. The board of communication is leading, 5g network building drives demand (i) 5g base station architecture upgrades and pcb demand rises. Looking back at the global wireless communication technology development process, which is updated approximately every 10 years. 3g after 2000, Japan and Europe and America, among others.
The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 3gpp defines three major scenarios of 5g, which enhance mobile broadband, high-reliable low-time connectivity, and sea mass associations. In these three scenarios, 5g communications require high speed, high capacity, low-time delay, and high reliability.
The 4g network uses distributed base stations consisting of antennas, radio frequency processing units, rru, and baseband processing units, bbu, while in the 5g network, the access network is reconfigured into three functional units, the central module, the distribution module du and the source antenna module aau.cu is primarily responsible for non-real-time protocols while supporting the deployment of some core network functions for subsidence and peripheral applications.
Physics layer function and real-time protocol. Aau combines the antenna and radio frequency processing units rru, and part of the original bbu. The 4g base station rru unit uses high frequency pcb material mainly in power amplifier pa, while the 5g network is built
The higher frequency of the network, the introduction of massivemimo technology, has resulted in an increase in the number of devices, higher integration of aau and greater demand for high frequency pcb. The 5g macro station single station will be used more than several times the 4g base station. In terms of price, the 5g HF pcb is higher than the 4g in terms of base material and layer numbers, and the price of the 5g HF pcb is expected to be higher.
The value of 5g single station HFpcb is calculated to be more than 10 times the value of 4g. 10,000. From the structure of the 5g base station, the 5g network frequency band is higher than 3g and 4g, the base station coverage is smaller, and the construction density of the 5g base station is bound to be higher than the 4g base station to meet the high speed and wide coverage requirement.
Experts from the Institute of Technology estimate that the number of 5g base stations will be 1.5-2 times that of 4g, and that the build-up of 5g base stations is expected to stimulate a significant increase in the market size of the pcb board of communication, due to the combination of the increase in the value of 5g single station pcb and the increase in the number of 5g base stations.
(ii) Proximity of telecommunications board operations, benefiting from the construction of 5 g base stations The company has a relatively high share of communications board revenues, the size of which has been at the forefront of the industry, and in the first half of 2018, the revenue from the telecommunications board was over 60 per cent. Since 2010, the volume of communications board revenues has remained relatively stable.
According to the market share of the 4g Global Telecommunication Plants, Nokia, Wah, Ericsson, Naking Communications, and Samsung are the leading companies. The company’s downstream customers cover mainstream communications equipment manufacturers such as Hua, Nokia Siemens, Naking, 2017 According to the planning of the country’s 5g, the Chinese Academy of Engineering has revealed at the World Internet Congress that we have 5g.
On December 10, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a licence to China for telecommunications, China ' s movement, and China ' s connection to the 5g medium- and low-frequency test frequency. It is expected that the country ' s 5g will enter the pre-commercial phase in 2019, the country ' s three major operators will be analysed in 2020.
From 2014 to 2016, capital spending by the three major operators increased rapidly, by 13.26%, 13.21%, and 5.8%, respectively, and in 2017, the 4g network was in its final stages, and the operator’s capital expenditure began to decline. On this basis, we assume that the 5g network will gradually enter the rules after the issuance of the 5g license plate.
During the modelling period, the company, as a leading company in the communications pcb board area, will benefit from the 5g network building. Thirdly, the demand for car pcb is growing rapidly, and the car board is a significant engine of growth in performance (i) electric cars + adas, driving car pcb growth.
As consumers' demands for car intelligence, safety, entertainment, etc., have increased, so has the share of car electronics in the whole car. The growth in the size of the electronics market has led to an increase in the demand for car pcb. Compared to the downstream applications of pcb, electronic automobiles have become one of the fastest growing downstream applications of pcb. According to Prismark,
According to data, in 2009, the output of vehicle pcb products was 3.7% of the total production of pcb. In 2016, global production of pcb reached $5,420.7 million and the value of vehicle pcb was about $4.9 billion, or 9.09%. In terms of acceleration, vehicle use of pcb line 21: ratio of applications downstream of the pcb industry
square metres at a value of approximately $18-30; medium-end vehicle pcb at a cost of about 0.5-0.7 square metres at a value of about $40-60; luxury vehicle pcb at a value of about 2.0-3.0 square metres at a value of approximately $120-150.
Insights data, the value of pure electric vehicle propcb products is about $225,800, much higher than traditional ones. The data for iea shows that, in 2017, 750,000 pure electric cars were sold worldwide, up to a record high.
Data for yole, automatic driving at level 1 requires six ultrasound radars, two cameras and one millimetre wave radar, valued at $300, while automatic driving at level 15, with a total of 28 sensors, such as ultrasound radars, cameras and millimetre waves, that need to be configured, will be valued at $1758.
(ii) Gradual bulk supply of pcb by millimetre wave radar, with high potential for motor panel growth, the company ' s motor panel business has maintained a good growth trend since its listing, with continued optimization of the product structure and continuous improvement in productivity and quality. In 2017, the company ' s motor panel revenue amounted to $1,128 million, an increase of 16.89 per cent, compared with the previous year ' s growth in the first half of 2018.
The company has long maintained good partnerships with internationally recognized auto parts and components manufacturers, such as continental auto electronics, while it has also been active in expanding its new customers into a new US-based system of suppliers of energy automobiles to stabilize supplies.
At present, the company uses the power plant micro-electricity as the backbone of the car board to produce its position, but the growth of production capacity is constrained by the waste-water-emitting policies in the Kunsan region.
The speedier transfer of non-safe car boards to the Yellowstone plant and the optimization of the product structure of LVE, on the other hand, the active expansion of motor panel capacity at the Yellowstone plant, which has now started the construction of the Yellowstone car panel line and the creation of a safety-grade car panel production line, is expected to be operational by the end of 2019.
In 2014, the company signed a cooperation framework agreement with Schweizer, Germany, for the production of RF (rfpcbs) products in the area of automobiles and industry.
Schweizer purchased 17,01 million shares, accounting for 4.5 per cent of Schweizer ' s total equity. In 2017, Schweizer International repurchased 15,24 per cent of Schweizer ' s shares, with 19.74 per cent of Schweizer ' s holdings.Schweizer was established in 1849 as the world ' s leading pcb manufacturer in the area of automobiles at around 30 per cent in the area of rfpcbs.
The company’s 24ghz vehicle actively measured the amount of pcb products for radar in 2017, which has grown faster since 2018; 77ghz
Small bulk delivery is expected in the fourth quarter of the year. With the development of adas technology, the lfpcb product is expected to be an increase in corporate performance. Figure 28: 24ghz car range radar pcb IV, profit predictions and investment proposals
The company’s main products include the company’s communications market boards, motor panels, office and industrial equipment panels, consumer panels, etc. The main production positions include the Qinggong plant, the Quigli microelectricity plant, and the Yellowstone plant. The Qinggong plant is dominated by high-level communication boards, the Qingli microelectricity plant is dominated by high-end carboard products, and is subject to the Quansan drainage policy. It is expected that the future capacity of the Quangian plant and the Qinggian microelectric will grow with limited capacity.
The Yellowstone plant has a larger space, and its main product is now a medium- and low-end telecommunications board product, which will in the future transfer products that will take over from the pine mill and Quaker microelectrics. The corporate communications market board accounts for more than 60% of the corporate communications market board's revenue, with customers including Huayuan and Nol.
Major communications equipment manufacturers, such as Kia-Simenko. 5g due to the high frequency of network construction, pcb output in individual base stations was higher than in 4g, and base stations increased 1.5-2 times higher. It is expected that, with the start of construction of 5g, the company ' s automobile board business will continue to grow well in recent years, with customers including continental car electronics among its customers.
At present, the company’s car production line at Yellowstone has been initiated and is expected to be operational by the end of 2019, when the problem of motor board undercapacity will be effectively addressed. Meanwhile, the company has made a major breakthrough in the area of car mm wave radar pcb, which is expected to increase revenue for the car board as adas technology develops.
In the case of office and industrial equipment boards and consumer electronics, the company’s focus is on the development of communication boards and motors, so we anticipate that the office and industrial equipment boards and consumer electronics boards will remain stable. During the period, the company, as the leading company in the area of communications pcb, benefited considerably, covering for the first time a “recommended” rating.
The yellow stone factory’s profits and production capacity have not improved as expected; the 5g network has not progressed as expected; and the motor panels have not grown as expected. The company’s financial statement projections are summarized. Hu Xiang, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economy and Trade, joined the civil security portfolio in July 2011, with many years of research experience in the media Internet industry.
Wang Datting, Research Assistant for the Electronics Industry. Master of Microelectronics and Solid Electronics from the University of Akdan, who joined the civil securities in 2016. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.