_ For the first time, performance turning points will be valued to repair the 5g commercial plus future.
The low saturation of the yellow saturation order in the front line affected the start-up rate and profitability of production lines, with losses of $109 million in 2016 and $141 million in 2017.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate for the first three quarters were 22,81 billion yuan, an increase of 183.51 per cent over the previous three quarters, with the company’s performance turning point leading to a valuation repair.
5g Commercial will upgrade base station operations as compared to more than 60% of corporate communications pcb performance, and the current order structure comes mainly from the transmission side. We believe that 5g Commercial will also drive operators to invest in base stations and transmission side.
Future orders in the field of communications, based on steady growth on the transmission side, will result in a significant increase in base-station orders. In addition, the company's 5-g base-station antenna operation is expected to become a new company's motorboard operation with overseas access.
Schweizer has a market share of nearly 30% of the world's radio frequency circuit boards in automobiles, and has an excellent customer base. The company owns 20% of Schweizer's shares, opens overseas markets through Schweizer.
Technical cooperation, 24ghz products are now being delivered in bulk, and 77ghz products are being developed steadily. At the same time, the company’s main clients include well-known businesses, such as continental electronics.
The revenue structure (2017) (1) 5g is not as commercial as expected. (2) The friction of Central American trade triggers changes in the supply patterns of equipment suppliers.
I. The company ' s main telecommunications pcb profitability has increased to a performance cut-off point. 1.1 The company ' s clients, covering the core 5g commercial beneficiaries of four major communications equipment dealers, were established in the city of Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, and were listed in 2010 and cover production lists, production lists and sales.
Products such as double-sided and multi-layered circuit boards, high-density interconnection layers (hdi), circuit board assembly products, connection lines and connectors for electronic devices.
In the future, communications terminal companies such as Shin and Nokia have accepted that the core of 5g commerce will be controlled by the Ng Reyuan family as the top 10 shareholders in the company, with limited physical control over the company, and indirectly holding power shares.
Currently Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Electric Power Company. The company’s general manager, Wu Shih-bing, is Mr. Wu, and the company’s management is generally stable. 1.2 The company’s net profit from non-repatriation was increased by 183.51 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Quarterly net non-mortality profit of $343 million, an increase of 183.51 per cent. Companies expect their products to focus mainly on the area of communications, and to grow steadily in business performance, driven by the upgrading of grid and wireless transmissions in recent years.
And net interest rates have risen rapidly since 2015, with the 3rd quarter of 2018 Māori rate and net interest rate.
Pcb-related industrial policies have two main directions: on the one hand, the State supports the development of high-tech products in industries such as "multilayered, soft, soft-combined and green-green-friendly printed circuit board technologies", and on the other hand, the promotion of downstream industries to drive the development of the pcb industry.
As early as 2006, the country launched the 11th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Information Technology in the Information Industry and the Medium- and Long-term Plan 2020, with a policy reference to “multilayered, soft, soft-combine and green-green-green-green-safe-printed circuit board technologies as one of its priority development technologies”.
A strong push will undoubtedly boost the demand in the pcb market. The Foreign Investment Industry Guide includes “high-density interconnection layers, multi-layered boards, scratched printed circuit boards, and seal boards” in the catalogue of incentives for foreign investment industries.
2.1 pcb output is moving eastwards and increasing concentration due to environmental pressures and the attraction of labour costs on the continent, and a significant amount of pcb output is moving from Europe and America to Japan to mainland China. At the same time, the continent is the largest consumer in the world.
The market for electronics, the pcb industry, has a better industrial chain on the continent. According to data published by Prismark, the ratio of production of pcb on mainland China in 2017 was higher than the national rate of substitution of pcb products.
In terms of data on imports and exports, the ratio of production to exports of different types of products can also be analysed. Since 2009, our trade surplus for pcb products has increased from $10.65 billion to $20.7 billion in 2017, and the ratio of imports to exports has increased from 2012
In terms of the ratio of product output to products at different levels of pcb in 2016, we classified the single two panels as low-end products, with low-grade hdi, general multi-layer, high-level panels, multi-layer fpc, scratching boards as medium-end products, enveloped panels, high-frequency high-speed panels, slp, mcm,
Products like ecp, printed electronics, etc. are classified as high-end. A rough estimate of the output of low- and medium-end products is already greater than 80.85%, combined with the ratio of different products in 2016.
Depending on the upgrade of the products from the coatings, we look forward to the domestic production expectations in the high-frequency coatings domain. Overall, the technology of the domestic pcb manufacturer can cover 80% of the pcb sector, with a relatively fragmented concentration from ntinformation 2017.
According to the global pcb-100 list, the top five companies have a relatively small share of technology, Japan’s flag, Jingdak technology, Xinjin Electronics, Hwang-Tung’s computer collection of 6.14%, 5.5%, 4.57%, 3.67%, and 3.06% of the total.
In mid-2017, the Federation of Electronic Information Industries and the China Electronic Circuit Industry Association jointly published an e-Cables ranking, with more than 3 billion yuan collected by the domestic capital pcb, compared to 4 per cent, 18 yuan and 5 billion yuan by 23 companies.
In recent years, domestic environmental policies have accelerated industry through such means as emission restrictions and environmental taxes.
The elimination of backward capacity and the increasing concentration of domestic pcb firms. The long triangle and beads are important clusters of companies in the country. Since 2015, the region has been upgrading environmental policies and regulations.
The impact of the special initiative, which identified 393 environmental companies, including 66 electronic circuit companies, during the period 2017.8 - 2018.4.
Environmental protection policies have increased companies’ environmental spending and controlled production capacity and reduced their profitability with regard to emission limits. Moreover, the environmental tax introduced on 1 January 2018 has further increased the costs of sewage. We believe that environmental policies have become the pcb industry.
The double-edged sword, on the one hand, affects the profitability of firms by increasing the cost of sewage, and, on the other, accelerates the elimination of low-end production in the industry, which contributes to greater concentration in the industry. Environmental policies will contribute to good industrial development in the long run.
We have combined the information published by cpca on the list of 100 companies in China, and the market concentration analysis of the pcb output of mainland China, published by Prismark. We split the mainland ' s businesses into domestic (median shares > 50%) and non-domestic (median shares).
Business 50%. The owner of the electric shares is the Wu Reyuan family, but in view of the company ' s listing on a stock market, we classify the company as a domestic business.
The trend towards a steady increase in the share of both domestic and non-domestic firms, against the background of a year-on-year rise in the output of the industry, suggests that smaller intra-industry firms will be phased out in competition in the market, and market concentration is increasing.
In terms of the size of the industry, the domestic production replacement space of domestic firms is still relatively large. 2.2 pcb raw materials prices have declined steadily, according to the company's annual report, as a proportion of the cost of the company's pcb products.
53.88% of manufacturing costs are 33.08%, direct manual costs 13.04%, and raw materials are the most significant. From the pcb industrial chain, the upstream raw materials are predominantly copper sheeting, semi-fixed blades, bronze pickers, copper balls, gold salt, ink, dry film materials, etching fluids, etc.
The cost of materials is proportionally 37%, semi-stabilized tablets 13%, gold salt 8%, and copper plating 5%. The cost composition of the main raw material plating is 30-50%, the cost of fabric 25-40%, and the cost of resin 25-30%.
In terms of upstream raw materials, the largest share is in the overcopper sheet. The industry is relatively concentrated, bargaining power is strong, and cost changes are easier to pass to the pcb industry.
The pcb producer’s bargaining power is weak, both upstream and downstream. Copper beads are the main material for the coatings, and the annual report 2017 shows that the cost of direct materials is 85.63% of the cost of “copper sheet and glue”.
The cost of the copper sheet is 50%, the cost of the coating at pcb is 35%, and the cost effect of the 10% increase on pcb should be 1.75%. The main group of copper billing is the “copper cost + processing fee”. In terms of processing fees, due to the rapid growth of new energy vehicles.
To boost the demand for lithium-electric copper and compress the traditional copper-carbing capacity ratio, the related price rose from $34/kg to $45/kg at the beginning of 2016, an increase of 25 per cent. 69,000 tons of new electrolytic copper-carbing capacity in 17 years, according to the National Association of the Cracking Industry
Releases, 81.2% of which were lithium battery copper capacity; and in 18 years there were seven copper companies in the country with a new capacity of 685,000 tons, 89.1% of which were lithium electric copper capacity. We believe that the upgrading of lithium electric copper supply can reduce the pressure on traditional copper production capacity, and that future supply and demand relations are related to traditional copper.
In the light of the trend in copper prices, the price of lme copper reached a high of $7348 per ton in June of this year, then fell to $5773 per ton, which is currently maintained at $6,200 per ton. Overall, since the second half of this year, the pcb company has come from higher prices for capped copper.
In terms of the price of epoxy resin, according to Wander, in November 2017 the average monthly price of epoxy resin (6101) reached a high of 22.5 million yuan, then fell slightly and remained at around 20,000 in May. The price of epoxy resin is closer to the price of upstream crude oil, combined.
In recent oil price trends, we believe that future prices of epoxy resin will remain low. In terms of upstream fabrics, high financial barriers to entering the industry and high exit costs have led to fewer industry participants and high industry concentration.
In China, there are five companies in China: Stone, Ocv, Neg, Chongqing International, and Tarzan. In China, 80% of production is concentrated in China's Stones, Tarzan Fibres, Chongqing International, Shandong Ribs, Sichuan Microbo and Changhai.
In April of the year, prices rose to $8.7 per metre. However, starting in early 2018, the previous cold-repair ponds were gradually released and prices began to ease. In the short and medium term, the price of the fibres continued to rise.
The upward pressure is smaller. Combining the above analysis of the prices of raw materials such as copper sheeting, epoxy resins and electronic fibrecloths, we believe that the upward pressure on the overall upstream raw material is smaller and that the construction of the 2.35 g base station will drive the pcb output from communications.
In the area of communications, pcb products are mainly used in wireless networks, transmission networks, data communications and fixed broadband.
In recent years, the rapid growth of mobile broadband, fluid media, cloud operations has placed higher demands on the backbone of the operator's network, and upgrading of the domestic backbone is one of the major factors in the growth of the pcb market for communications. The high-speed system plates are used for core routers/exchanges of the communications backbone network.
Core products in the areas of otn light transmission networks, fibre-optic access to households and data centres.
In the future, the major base-station construction by the three major operators during the 5g commercial period will be the biggest sighting for the non-communication pcb market. We believe that the 5g base-building will be accompanied by demand for mobile pcb products, along with increased frequency of the 5g frequency and increased information processing.
The length will raise the market share of high-value-added products such as high-frequency microwave boards, high-speed multi-layers, etc. 5g commercials will result in higher capital spending by operators worldwide. For example, domestic carriers, with 4g licence plates issued in 2013, accumulated by operators in 2014 and 2015
There are about 3.7 million stations in the country each year. The 4g base station covers a radius of 1 to 3 km. The 5g base station covers a radius of 1 to 3 km. The main influence factor is base station power, taking into account the 5g frequency increase, which causes signal decay, and the number of 5g macro stations is 4g higher.
According to Lee Fok-chun, a senior expert from the Wireless Technology Research Department of the TUNINET Institute, the number of 5g macro-based stations is 1.5 to 2 times that of 4g macro-based stations. The cumulative investment in the 4g network by the three major operators exceeds $450 billion, and the cost of building a consolidated single-based station is $122,000, taking into account 5g.
In summary, if the number of 5g macrostations is 1.5 times the number of 4g base stations and the single base station cost 15.25 million yuan, the total investment at 5g base stations is 846.3 billion, an increase of 88.08 per cent over the same period.
Figure 22: Capital expenditure by three major operators (billion yuan) and figure 5g base station construction and investment forecast for China, 232019-2026. To solve the problem of 5g high-frequency signal indoor coverage, the 5g network also needs a large base.
In accordance with the Chinese Statistical Yearbook 2016, urban areas of the country will be built by the end of 2015.
An area of 19.17 million square kilometres and an area of 5.21 million square kilometres has been built. Assuming that the area to be covered is to be constructed as a small base station, the average area to be covered by the small base station is 10,000 square metres (100 metres on average), the number of single operator bases is 5 million,
The total number of operators will be more than 10 million. Small base stations are much less expensive to build than macrostations, assuming that the average cost of building small base stations is $1,000, and a large number of pcbs, including backboards and singleboards, will be needed for small base stations.
It means that the circuit board, which is used in electronic systems to connect or insert multiple single panels to form an independent system, carries the power to connect the functional panels and to achieve the transmission of signals between functional panels, is the "aorta" of the electronic system. Thus, the backboards are often of a high layer and super-sized size.
Inches, super-heavy thickness, hyperweight, high reliability, etc. The 5-g era will significantly increase the processing of base station data, which will impose new requirements on the number of layers of the backboard, the difficulty of processing, the reliability, etc.
Businesses leading the technology in the field of card processing.
The increased frequency of the 5g band and the significant increase in the volume of data information will result in market demand for high frequency pcb and high-speed multilayer pcb. The 4g macro station is divided into three main components: antenna, radio frequency unit rru, and cell bbu, which is deployed in the machine room.
There will be significant changes at the 4g base station, starting with the merging of the antenna with the rru system into aau (activeantnnaunit, active antenna unit) and the aau containing, in addition to the power of the rru radio frequency, some of the processing functions of the physical layer. The bbu section will be split.
Du (distributeunit) and cu (centralizedunit, including partial-L2 and departmental-wide-L3-level protocol processing functions). Multiple dus can be deployed centrally in machine rooms to reduce operating costs and maintenance costs, or to achieve inter-dubalization.
Individual dus are connected, reduce the total cost, achieve uniform and centralized management of du, and can also integrate the full functionality of the Protocol Lodge to reduce time lags and meet special scenario needs. The aau section will contain high-speed panels with high-frequency properties.
Radio frequency panels and a power source board, so the aau part is the main figure of 294g/5g base station changes for base stations using high frequency pcb plates. According to Prismark data, global pcb produced $55277 million in 2017, e.g.
The value of output in the field of fruit-based communications was 27.5 per cent and the corresponding market space was $15,201 million.In terms of market participants, China announced 92 core suppliers on 7 November, with medium-sized pcb product suppliers including income-generating electronics, tttm, e-commerce, tttm, etc.
It also includes gce, multek, isupetasus, sanmina. 2.4 The increase in car digitisation is the driving force behind the motor panel market.
Automotor motorization and intelligence are inevitable trends in future car developments, both of which will lead to higher levels of car digitization. In terms of the degree of digitization of the different cars, the levels of digitization of compact, medium- and high-end vehicles, hybrid and pure electric sedans are 15%, respectively.
28%, 47%, and 65%. According to cpca data, single cars worldwide are dominated by medium- and low-end products based on car pcb products. Based on data published by n.t information, two-, four- and six-story products are available.
The ratio has reached 70%, and the price of the product is within 400 yuan/m2. The price of the pcb product is relatively high in different parts of the car ' s electrochemical system, the battery ' s main board, the control board, the vehicle ' s medium, etc.
According to China ' s Automobile Electronics Market, according to figures published by the Sadie Research Institute of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the market is expected to be 647 billion and 731.1 billion in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The market size of $4.89 billion and $5.48 billion, respectively, increased by 4.04 per cent over the same period. Overall, while global automobile sales have slowed down, the increase in car digitization rates will continue to boost the demand for car pcb markets.
Figure 34 High growth in the electronics market of Chinese automobiles
3.1 There are three major production bases in the company. Production is currently divided into three branches: the Quanshan Green Shirts, the Quan Li Weibos, and the Yellow Stones.
More than 50%, with a current capacity of 2.8 million square metres/year, and an expected 15% increase in capacity next year.
One. On the chain of the "Croat-Bronze-Bronze Sheet-pcb" industry, the Yellow Stones have gathered in the open area, bringing together nine pcb production firms, such as scavengers, euphoric electrons, upper-da electrons, and starboard circuits, which have gradually become the third-largest pcb industrial concentration area in the country after the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle.
Shizuku is now primarily responsible for the orders for the relatively low-end products obtained from the green mills and the microelectric power plant, with product layers below 18 floors. Yellow Shizuku is divided into three to four periods, and is currently planned to see one of these, dominated by communication lines, and is now at 50 million monthly levels.
At the end of the year, the production capacity will be in place. Three issues will be further expanded in response to a 5g order demand.
Discrepancies exist between regional environmental policies and requirements. According to public sources, yellowstone has nearly twice as many sewage quotas as in the Kunshan region. We believe that, given the sewage quota restrictions, the company ' s capacity expansion in the Kun Mountains has been significantly limited, and the region has been affected.
The production of high-value-added products will be sustained, and future expansion of corporate capacity will focus mainly on the second and third phases of Yellowstone power.
Starting in 2010, the company began preparations for the relocation from the economic development zone in Kunshan to the Qingshan factory, which should be completed by the end of 2015. During this period, the company’s good rate declined significantly, affecting overall profitability.
In 2016 and 2017, losses of $109 million and $141 million, respectively. This year, the low production capacity of the Kunshan region was gradually transferred to Yellowstone, with a build-up of client orders for the first half of the year delayed to three quarters, and Yellow Shizuku achieved its first loss in the third quarter.
Rates of 22.81 per cent and 9.96 per cent, respectively, increased by 4.22 pct and 5.16 pct, respectively, resulting in net profit from non-repatriation of $343 million, an increase of 183.51 per cent, resulting in 3.35g commercial orders to upgrade base-station operations
Corporate communications, pcb with a performance of more than 60%, and the current order structure comes mainly from the transmission side. We believe that 5g commercials will simultaneously drive operators to invest in base stations and transmission side, and future communications orders will maintain a robust growth base on the transmission side.
Up, base-station orders will represent a significant increase. In addition, the company has a 5g base-station antenna operation, which is expected to become a new point of view in the future.
According to the motor panel business, in 2017 the company spent Euro13.31 million on the purchase of 57.61 million shares in Germany ' s Schweizer stock, representing 15.24 per cent of the total stock, or nearly 20 per cent cumulatively.Schweizer was established in 1849 and its main products include automobiles, solar energy, and workers.
The company's collaboration with Schweizer in the use of radio-frequency panels includes car active range radar pcb products, which are now 24ghz products.
In order to achieve bulk supply, 77ghz product R & D is progressing steadily. Schweizer, on the one hand, is a technical partner of the company’s clients and, on the other hand, is the company’s main agent for automobile pcb sales in Europe, enjoying a high-quality source of schweizer.
The company is expected to maintain a good growth in its business. (1) 5g is not as commercial as expected.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.