The wealth transition has deepened and the asset quality is robust. On October 28, the Grand Bank issued a 22q3 financial report. The 22q1-q3 battalion collected $117,280 million, or 0.4 per cent; the net profit from the mother was $36.59 billion, or yoy+4.3 per cent; and the negative rate was 1.24 per cent, with a provision coverage rate.
The net profit growth margin has been slightly repaired. 22q1-q3, with the same rate of increase for big banks, and net profit return for mothers, \triangleright and other non-interest income at the same rate - 5.0 per cent, which is a major drag on the rate of growth, mainly as a result of the high base for the same period last year.
The wealth management transition has deepened. The client base has grown stronger. As at 22q3, retail sales aum amounted to 24,000 yuan, \triangleright, or +12.6 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year.
The rest of the gold runs down, but the acceleration ring ratio +0.7 pct shows a marginal upturn. The green middle business income, such as finance, agency, hosting, settlement, etc., is +5.7%.
Research assistant in Bovin \triangleright 1. Grand Bank (601818.sh) reported in mid-2022:
Large banks: smooth performance and continuous improvement in asset quality - 10 bp with narrow interest differentials, solid asset quality. By 22 q3 the bad rate ring was flat, while companies disclosed new generation in the first three quarters.
\triangleright Non-performing loans have fallen year-on-year and assets have been better in quality.
\triangleright The transformation of wealth management in large banks continues to advance in depth, and the strategy has gradually been reflected in the revenue-earning contribution; scale expansion, positive and net difference reduction has begun to narrow; asset quality is robust.
Figure 1: Cumulative year-on-year increase in the performance of big banks up to 22q3
Figure 3: Net interest income as at 22q3 from large banks and rate of increase in revenue over the same period, Figure 7: Net interest difference as at 22q3 from large banks (disclosure value) Figure 8: Non-performing loan rate as at 22q3 from large banks
Figure 9: Large banks as at 22q3 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.