Big bank (601818): Steady in wealth, strong growth, smooth asset quality, big bank.
Established in August 1992, with a total assets of 626 trillion yuan at the end of the third quarter of the country, the non-performing loan rate of 1.24 per cent is equal, with a provision for coverage.
188.61%. The national share-holding commercial bank, with its headquarters in Beijing, has seen a steady increase in China’s net profit in the first three quarters.
In August 2010, big banks listed their rolls and raised the ring by 0.4 pct. By splits, the growth in net profits is mainly due to faster scale expansion and reduced provision; interest differentials and non-interest income are the main drags.
The Great Light Bank focuses on the strategy of the “first-class wealth management bank” to move forward with the “agility, technology, ecology” transformation, with steady growth and further structural optimization through loan deposits. At the end of September, the balance of the loan was 3.56 trillion.
Integrating, characterizing, lightening, digital development, with an increase of 9.12 per cent, has increased investment in priority areas such as manufacturing, green finance, strategic and emerging industries; zero-quick product, channel and service model innovation, in wealth management
Loan sales grew by 7.57%, increasing the investment of micro-enterprises. At the end of September, savings and financial technology fostered a strong market competitive advantage, resulting in balanced business development and risk management.
• Optimizing the corporate asset structure of first-class wealth management banks: an increase in interest-bearing debt service rates by 3 bp, expected mainly in relation to recent deposits
The wealth management strategy continues to deepen, leading to higher levels of wealth collection and retail sales. Large banks insist on a wealth-management banking strategy, with a strong competitive advantage, and are in a period of sustained release. 3q22 companies have experienced a 0.8 per cent decline in actual current fees and commission net revenue compared to the previous year, but they manage wealth management such as finance, agency, trust, etc.
The corresponding increase in revenue was 5.7% and the ratio increased further, and the wealth management-led lightening transition was marked by investment proposals: large banks have solid basics and operating management performance is constantly optimized. The wealth management industry is expected to enter the period of continuous release of performance and drive profitability up.
We expect that, in the medium to long term, we believe that corporate wealth management and cloud-paying operations will continue to unleash growth potential, and that profit enhancement is expected to open up valuation space. Maintain a “very recommended” rating.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance, the Source of Eastern Finance.
Figure 4: Steady growth in interest-bearing assets of large banks in the first three quarters of the year: Figure 6: Non-performing loan rates of large banks at the end of September: 1.24 per cent, ring balance: Figure 5: 188.61 per cent coverage of large banks at the end of September, ring increase by 4.6 pct
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the forest, the source of the forest, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the world, the source of the world, the source of the world,
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Large banks (601818): A steady growth in wealth and a stable quality of assets does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.