Reagents are growing, overseas development is possible, large aircraft are increasing, leading to increased reagents. In recent years, companies have increased the number of large aircraft, Don Aikkin.
End-loading strength, completion of 806 chemical luminous instrumentors in the domestic market of 2023h1, practice number: s1500523080002, large aircraft loading up to 61%, completion of sales of 2,271 luminous instruments in the overseas market, new I
The large- and medium-sized machine ratio, driven by the dex series of instruments, has risen significantly to 55 per cent, and the large-scale machine ratio has reflected a continuous breakthrough in the company's large clients, and the optimization of the instrument structure has led to a reagent on Cao Jialine.
Deep-ploughing overseas markets, localization has proved to be effective and sustainable in the long term. Subregionally, $649 million (yoy+32%) has been invested, of which eight countries that have established subsidiaries together account for a share of their income.
The combined strength of exhibition, academic support, and technical services has been rapidly enhanced, providing the basis for long-term development with a relatively high cost management capacity and a steady increase in profitability. The reagent industry has a relatively stable rate of about 88.91% and, with the sale of x-series instruments, the instrument group has a relatively high level of profitability.
In terms of rates, there has been an increase in the frequency of travel and exhibitions, both within and outside the country, an increase of 2.72 pp to 17.49 per cent in the rate of sales, and a return to the risk factor without the impact of the cost of the share payment: the risk of failure in the production and registration of conventional inspection test agents,
Competition in overseas markets increases the risk.
I've been working as a seller for over nine years in the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro on pcc and paraexel, joined in 2021.
General Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. Worked at the Minya Foundation, joined in 2022.
Sheng, team member, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, April 2022, joined the Sinda Portfolio, in charge of medical devices and Zhao Chang, team member, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Melon University, 2 years old
In 2022, Cao Jialin, a member of the team, a Master of Quantities in Economics, and two years of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry at the University of Nakayama, joined the Sinda securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis and icl.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 as a credit card covering mainly Chinese medicines, pharmaceutical businesses & pharmacies, and vaccines. The components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.