Quarterly high performance and cost-cutting drive ahead of expectations Events: companies publish annual reports for 2020 and one quarterly report for 2021, with full year of business in 2020
The company intends to find a positive return on its gold share in 2020, with 2021q1 outperforming expectations. The total increase in its net profit from 2020 was 0.91%, and the net profit from non-return was 12.42%, a significant reversal of the first three.
q1 net profit from the epidemic has increased at a rate of 247.85 per cent, and on the one hand, the steel industry has recovered significantly, and companies have seized the time of recovery to continuously improve production efficiency, financial efficiency, asset efficiency, and the potential for cost reduction.
Total equity/flow (million shares) effectively mitigates the impact of the rise in iron ore, better achieves business expansion, higher profits, total market value/flow 2020 (millions)
The annual epidemic has affected the company ' s Māori ratio at the same level, and net interest rates have continued to rise, with the highest/minimum operating cash flow having improved significantly in one quarter in 2020.
Stewardship shares (600019) 28.1 billion net cash flow, slightly lower than in 2019, operating in the first quarter of 2021
Net raw cash flows of $14 billion, of which net flows decreased by $9.56 billion due to the increase in stock capital occupancy, increased the net inflow of activities from the previous two years to a net inflow of 104 shares of bountiful steel for three quarters of the same year compared to q1 in 2020: benefits from automobiles
Recovering, q3 performance improvement is significant -- cost change efforts push ahead with expectations and cost cuts are significant. Companies have a comprehensive view of good steel companies in and out of the country, around manufacturing efficiency improvements, optimization of key technology indicators, marketing costs.
Treasure and steel shares (600019) " Pacific Iron and Steel " , source control and financial combined cost reduction potential, etc., deep-cut cost reduction potential.
The Division completed a cost reduction of $3.8 billion and achieved a cost reduction of $1.29 billion in the first quarter of 2021, which was significant, with a high score in business confidence -- over-pacing the goal and contributing effectively to improved corporate performance.
Investment proposals: “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and” supply or constraint of rough steel, rise of manufacturing profitability projections and financial indicators: high performance in the quarter, cost-cutting drive ahead of expectations
High performance in the first quarter, cost-cutting pushes ahead of expectations.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.