The rapid development of electronic materials, the commercialization of the membrane phase, November 02, 2025, the continued increase in the price of membrane in September-October, is expected to lead to a change in corporate profitability.
According to the Sobi consultation, the price of raw materialseva particles has been on the rise since the beginning of August 25 years, with a price of $11,750 per tonne per particle on October 22, an increase of about 16% since the beginning of August.
Photovoltaic membrane continues to raise prices following the price of particles, rising by 12 per cent, 11 per cent to 6.17 per cent, and 6.67 per cent by the end of August compared to the price of the white membrane at Transparencyeva and Whiteeva at the end of September; the price of the membrane continues in October.
On October 22, Transparencyeva and Whiteeva film prices increased by 1.5 per cent, 1.3 per cent to $6.26 and 6.76 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of September. Vision 2025q4 is expected to continue to improve the profitability of company film operations as the price of photo-film rises.
Jubiño's multiple advantages are expected to help companies smooth through the cycle. In the future, companies will continue to invest more in research and development, with a full range of product categories and excellent cost-control capabilities, i.e., xbc components, topcon components, etc.
New technologies such as hjt components, obb components, thin film battery assemblies, thorium assemblies, etc. provide the best value-for-money encapsulation programmes; companies will accelerate the expansion of their overseas photo-film production to meet the high-smoking markets in emerging markets.
The demand continues to stabilize the global market share of the company’s photovoltaic materials. By developing differentiated products and increasing the share of overseas sales, the company seeks to reduce the impact of industry factors and is expected to move smoothly through the photovoltaic industry.
The lead products of the company's electricity \triangleright sub-materials department are the radiance membranes, fccl, and the radiance membrane.
Forster (603806.sh) semi-annual report 2025: Evaluation of the commercial phase of the film, the rapid recovery of electronic materials and the accelerated evolution of the application of the ai, pcb will enter a new growth cycle.
Quantities 2025/08/30 Core raw materials have been obtained for self-supply, two-base layout in South East China, construction of offshore and offshore cut-off bases, R & D 2. Forster (603806.sh) 2024 Annual Report:
3. Forster (603806.sh) Tri-quarter 2024 4. Forster (603806.sh) semi-annual 2024
Review: Celam taps perform robustly, and those with reversible overseas expansion of 202 voltage are expected to smooth through the cycle and maintain a “recommended” rating. Celam taps perform robustly and have a clear competitive advantage of 2024/04.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.