Mau is growing steadily, and the scalding effect is visible.
The company achieved a revenue of $372 million in q1 in 2020, resulting in a net profit of $110 million for the mother and $64 million for the non-net profit, an increase of 30.90 per cent, 130.87 per cent and 99.24 per cent, respectively, over the same period.  Performance exceeded expectations and Mau continued to grow steadily: company performance of q1 exceeded market expectations in 2020.
The impact of the epidemic has led to a surge in demand for office on-lines, with the company ' s main product Mau reaching 447 million, an increase of 36.28 per cent, and the ring growth of 8.8 per cent, of which the wpsofficepc version has a monthly active user of 168 million, an increase of 27.27 per cent.
The number of monthly active users of other products, such as the Golden Mountain Worm, is close to 100 million.  Office services create stable cash flows, and the scalding effect is further evident: operating cash flows
Billion dollars, an increase of 125.47 per cent in the same year and 9.25 per cent in the ring, benefited from an increase in the subscription industry for office services, which led to an increase in remuneration, a decrease of 1.22 pct in management costs and 7.88 pct in R & D rates, respectively, and a significant decrease in overall cost rates. The effect of scope has been further demonstrated.
▪ The wps+Cloud Office Solutions are on the list of recommendations of the Department of Industry and Communications: recently, the "wps+Cloud Office Solutions" of the office in Kimsan were on the list of recommendations for the digitalization of SME enabling services products and activities issued in the first issue by the Small and Medium Enterprises Bureau of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, which became the first digital enabling pilot for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)
The solution is aimed primarily at business and government-level organizational users, and it is efficient to solve the three core pain points of the remote office “energy efficiency enhancement, data security, cost control” by integrating multiple products and services for business users under the Golden Mountain office flag. As of March.
1 Kim Shan Office (688111): Payment of thousands of wps+ Clouds accounts to support the “howns” of all sectors of society. Qualification + line rates have increased significantly and cloudization continues to increase.
With the trend towards office occupancy, it is expected that this year the subscription to office services will continue at a high rate of growth and further progress towards the 2020-03-25 goal of optimizing the structure of operations and maximizing the impact of large-scale diversification and increasing profits.
“Kingshan Office” (688111): As the largest office in the country, software autonomy is a necessity.
Vendors, driven this year by multiple factors such as letter-making, online office acceleration, improved subscription service indicators (transformation rates, mau, frequency of consumption), will maintain a high growth rate and give the “buy-in” to Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.