In the recent past, the company participated in the "Cloud Contract" and the offline contract at the Fourth World Smart Congress.
It will take root in the new area of the Tianjin Sea, perfecting the ecological chain of Tianjin's innovation industry. The company, as the leader of the country's leading office software, has a strong cloud business and, with the support of the IT industry policy, is accelerating the replacement of its peers, and is expected to lead the field of applications.
In terms of product abundance, wps products have become effective substitutes for Microsoft office, and market expansion is now largely based on user acceptance and value for product. In 2020, real-world policies became more frequent, with clients like state corporations based on full substitution of party clients.
Infiltration, with companies now successfully matching and expanding with mainstream national production capacity platforms and os manufacturers, is expected to provide full coverage of target client groups over the next three years. Cloud office drivers are stronger.
The company provides wps+coated office and membership services and continues to serve 20 industries and more than 1 million businesses. Based on the company ' s latest communications summary, the current trend is to maintain exponential growth among cloud users, and the future corporate division will dig deep into SME clients, with the prospect of continuing transformation into payers.
20q1 is bright and office software is growing rapidly. The main product of 20q1 Mau has reached 447 million, an increase of 36.28 per cent, and the ring has grown by 8.80 per cent in a single quarter, of which the wpsofficepc version has reached 168 million, the mobile version has reached 271 million, and the other products are close to 100 million, and this data is at the end of the countryc.
It is clear that policy innovation is catalytic, that national production has great potential for substitution, and that cloud products are growing at a higher rate. Domestic producers are largely enjoying high valuations, high-growth poles, high valuation premiums, and higher ratings.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Computers: computer applications