The company's annual report for 2019 is disclosed by the company.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in wpsoffice's office software products and services.
Design development and marketing. Corporations provide industry solutions to their clients, including wpsoffice office software and the Golden Hill Pyramid, to produce documents in areas such as energy, finance, large private enterprises, etc.
A set of industry best practices based on office applications; on the other hand, companies are launching wps+ operations for small and medium-sized enterprises and organizations, offering a variety of office value-added services, one-stop, multi-platform operations
In 2019, hundreds of thousands of small and micro-enterprises provided wps+coated office services.
Internet advertising promotion services in the medium. The growth in access has largely benefited from the growth in the number of users, the increase in the frequency of consumption and transformation rates, the increase in the number of sticky users, and the number of monthly active users of company online files (mau) has reached 239 million, with remote office users
The growth in volume and habits is expected to continue to increase in the future income from subscriptions to personal services. Trends in information security in the country are favourable for corporate start-up operations.
On the other hand, major national software projects will be implemented, focusing on “cricket” issues for key software.
The issue of information security is of great concern. The company values research and development expenditure in the area of information technology, and the company-owned version of wpsofficelinux has fully supported the national platform and the national production operating system.
The company, as the leader of the domestic office software, is expected to become a leading business in the field of office software security. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: corporate business income growth has grown steadily over the last three years, and research and development inputs are expected to grow steadily.
The product performance is good, the market space is wide, and companies are expected to return to their mothers 219 times, 144 times and 94 times, respectively, from 2020 to 2022, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The risk of change is that the industry’s ecological inputs do not match the expected risks.
The growth of the Eastern financial and intellectual booms, the co-opt and c-end operations, and the steady growth of corporate revenue and profits, was 1.58 billion yuan in the current fiscal year, an increase of 39.82 per cent in the same year, 401 million yuan in the net profit of the mother, an increase of 28.94 per cent in the same year, and net deductions of the mother.
On the one hand, the company's industry solutions for filing documents created a set of industry best practices in the areas of energy, finance, and large private enterprises; on the other hand, the company's initiatives targeted small and medium-sized enterprises and organizations.
Wps+ Business, with hundreds of thousands of small and medium-sized enterprises providing wps+Cloud office services in 2019. The company has become a future business trend, benefiting significantly from the company’s b-side business.c The service upgrade has led to a significant increase in subscription revenue.
As a result of the epidemic, online office software continues to penetrate, reaching 239 million monthly active users (mau) as of 2 March 2020, and it is expected that future personal service subscription revenues will continue to grow as the number of remote office users grows and habits develop.
During the reporting period, the company adopted an appropriate marketing model for its sub-products, depending on the characteristics of the business. Depending on the demand for market sales, the company's office software product was used for authorized sales.
It is divided into direct sales by companies and sales by agents; it is divided into direct sales, sales by agents in cooperation with third-party platforms; it has a strong R & D investment, with better R & D innovation and industrialization.
37.85%, 37.91%, and higher R & D inputs give companies a strong R & D edge, creating better models of innovative R & D, technological innovation mechanisms, and industrialization of R & D technologies. During 2019, companies applied for 245 patents for inventions.
The company has a healthy cash flow, especially in response to emergencies such as the epidemic, and has a better crisis response capability. The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations during the fiscal year was $586 million, an increase of 40.08 per cent over the same year, and net operating cash flow/business income was 37.08 per cent over the same year, an increase of 0.07 per cent over the same period.
Figure 4: Cost of the company in recent years, III. Information security issues are of great concern, and business start-ups in the company are booming. Trends in information security in the country are favourable for business start-ups. On March 26, the Ministry of Industry and Communications revealed that major national software projects will be implemented in basic hardware and software.
Focusing on the “crystal” problem of key software. With the strong impetus of the national information security strategy and the information-processing project, attention is drawn to issues ranging from hardware manufacturing to information security in software. Companies focus on research and development in the area of information technology, and the Wpsofficelinux version, developed autonomously by companies, has been fully supported with a national back-up platform and a national production operating system, and the products are now ready for system adaptation and application in a number of major national demonstration projects.
The company, as the leader of the domestic office software, is expected to become a leading business with soft office security.
Over the last three years, the company has experienced steady growth in operating income, generous R & D investment, good product performance, wide market space in the industry, and is expected to maintain a “highly recommended” rating in 2020, 219 times, 144 times and 94 times.
Kim Shan Office (688111): Focusing on raising the value of products, subscriptions are expected to continue beyond expectations.
KIM San Office (688111): Focused on product value enhancement, subscriptions are expected to continue to exceed expectations of Wang Kenhui's research into value creation.
High growth areas such as retail, ott, research assistant profile Chen Xiaobo
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.