Short-term pressure on performance to focus on innovation, innovation and innovation in finance Events: Three Quarterlys in the evening of October 30, 2025, \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright Client budget tightening and the impact of longer delivery cycles put short-term pressure on corporate performance. Māori rates remain stable and cost controls maintained.
In the area of information technology, the company continues to push for nuclear power.
uf3.0 and O series were replaced and upgraded. On 21 July, the new generation of Nucleus uf3.0 was fully online in order to secure securities, successfully completing the full conversion of thousands of customers, covering the entire business scene of retail, institutional and self-employment, which marked the Chinese securities industry based on the cloud-based structure and carrying tens of thousands of grades.
The new generation of core business systems of client size is now on the ground as a whole. According to the October 21 public, the profit end has recently returned significantly, and an incentive program has been launched to highlight corporate confidence.
The System for the Sale of Chronic Physical Property 5.0 has been successfully connected to the implementation of -2025/08/25 of the Red Towers Fund, which has helped to improve the operational effectiveness of the core system while increasing its autonomous control capacity.

The recovery, and the growing interest of the ai in financial institutions, we consider the company to be the leader of the portfolio, with an appreciation: short-term pressure on performance, the issuance of equity incentives anchoring long-term performance that is expected to continue to warm, and there is still room for improvement in the company's valuation, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Performance growth slows, and looks forward to the findings of the methodology and analytical logic of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.