The “coal price, electricity price, number of hours used” is a multi-profit resonance, and profitability will improve -- the first-ever coverage (600011.sh) by China's Fire Dragons, whose size and equipment advantages are highlighted by the report:
The company is one of the most pure heat poles, with the BEI market at 8.91% at the end of 2017, and the power poles are prominent. Technical indicators such as power consumption of coal, plant power rates, etc., are also maintained permanently at megawatts (ibid. +2.82%), of which 100,567.5 megawatts are expected to be installed (ibid. + 2.02%).
The price of electricity and coal is the most powerful influence on the price of the stock, looking back at history, when the economy is stable, the price of coal and the price of the company's shares are reversed.
The adjustment of electricity prices for coal access only eases the short-term trend and does not change the medium- and long-term trend. In 2003-2008, stock prices were strongly correlated with the trend in the use of hours, and the multiple fundamentals of “coal prices, electricity prices, hours of use” are resonant, and profitability will improve:
The economy, power substitution, and climate temperature factors are more sustainable in their contribution to electricity growth, and the increase in electricity consumption between 2018 and 2020 is expected to be higher than expected. The number of hours spent on fire is expected to rise steadily as the capacity increase slows.
The gap in coal consumption and output around 2020 is expected to be more consistent with 2015, after which prices for electricity and coal purchases will slow down, and companies’ profitability and business performance are expected to improve. As coal prices, electricity prices, and the use of hours, among other fundamentals, coincide, the profitability of energy will improve.
*a share is the purest of the fire, profit improvement in the beneficiary sector, first coverage of the recommended rating: Fire and electricity profitability will be improved, companies will be the most pure share of the fire, and companies will have the specifications and technical advantages of the fire and power taps, the most beneficial benefits of the improved profitability of the fire and the first coverage of the recommended rating.
1. Hours used for power generation equipment: lowest projected number of hours used for thermal power generation equipment in 2018-2020, 4317.97 hours, respectively. Average cost of electricity connected to the Internet: projected average cost of energy connected to the Internet in 2018-2020, 0.4178 yuan per hour, respectively
Coal prices and fuel costs: The projected average international coal prices for energy from 2018 to 2020 are $554.98, 538.08, 521.25, or tons, respectively. Based on the fuel cost of $92.37 billion in 2017, based on the volume of electricity sold
Increases in the speed of electricity and coal consumption and increases in the price of coal are projected for the period 2018-2020. In this case, when the increase in the quantity of electricity sold is calculated, it is assumed that all new power generation will be produced in the middle of the year, with an average installed capacity = (the capacity of the current year + the capacity of the previous year)/2.
4. Depreciation cost: assuming that the rate of increase in depreciation costs corresponds to the rate of increase in installed capacity.
In the long run, the rate of return on HCI investment was very close to the rate of return on investment at the depth of 300, but there were clear milestones, mainly in the prices of electricity and coal, the prices of electricity on the grid, and the hours spent in the coal industry. The price of electricity and coal was the most affected by the rise and decline in the prices of HCI.
It is clear that, in a period of economic stability, the prices of HCI and the prices of electricity and coal are changing in reverse; in a period of severe economic volatility, the prices of HCI and the prices of electricity and coal are as high as they are. Since the prices of electricity and coal are more powerful and far-reaching, adjusting the prices of coal on the Internet mesh merely eases (or reverses) short-term price trends and does not change.
In 2003-2008, there was a clear positive correlation between the trend in FCI and the number of hours spent by the Fire Gear. After 2008, the price of electricity and coal became more volatile, and the share price was largely influenced by the price of electricity and coal. From the valuation point of view, the FCI historical market surplus fluctuated in the middle of the valuation of 15-20x.
Since 2008, the NPV hub in the HEM market has been at 2x (up to 3x, down to 1x). 2. Fire-for-profit model exploration and key factor refining: from the composition of the profit sheet, we deduce model formulas for “fire-for-business revenues, gross profits, net profits” and key business variables.
The overall profitability of the industry is closely related to the average price of electricity on the Internet, the price of coal and the number of hours spent on power generation equipment; 2) the efficiency indicators for the operation of power-fired coals and power plants, reflecting the characteristics of the enterprise; 3) the “depreciation and other inputs/access to electricity” are mostly reduced as the amount of electricity on the Internet increases, reflecting the scale effects of the fire power industry; 4)
“Financial and other costs” increase by the same proportion (e.g. interest costs on short-term liabilities for coal purchases) as part of the increase in the amount of electricity (or operating income) on the Internet, and are reflected in the operating costs of a fire power enterprise.
3. Profit factor I (power increase): The market is generally of the opinion that the rate of increase in electricity for the whole of society during the 13th Five-Year Period is based on the breakdown of the acceleration factor” and further analyses economic factors, alternative energy factors, climate temperature factors.
Sustainability of the contribution of electricity growth. We believe that economic and alternative energy factors are more sustainable for electricity growth, that climate temperature factors are sustainable, and that social growth in electricity should be more optimistic.
Market concerns have led to excess patterns in the electricity sector and to a decline in the number of hours spent on power generation. We believe that, for electricity, the lower limit for electricity use is 4079.05 hours, 4111.43 hours, and 4138.95 hours, respectively, the upper limit for electricity use (4,107 hours, 4,194) is expected to rise steadily.
5. Profit factor III (electricity): Previously, Premier Lee of the State Council had mentioned that average commercial and commercial electricity prices would be reduced by 10 per cent in 2018, and that the market was worried about the price of electricity going online. We thought that: 1) the price of electricity going online: unless the price of power coal rises significantly and triggers a coal connection, it is unlikely that the country will be able to make a full upturn.
But given the current lack of profitability (and even loss) of coal power companies, there is also a lack of a basis for lowering the price of coal electricity on the Internet.
Market power demand has been gradually liberalized (the market demand for electricity has increased), and the market price of coal power has been expected to rise (and may even rise above the price of electricity on the Internet). In the short term, the irrational prices offered by coal power companies will boost the rise of electricity in the market, but they will be constrained by price fluctuations in power coal.
The average price of electricity settled online at a power plant is 0.4178 kWh, 0.4244 kWh, 0.4342 kWh, etc. The actual average of the projected electricity price in 2018 (0.4178 kWh) and the company H1 in 2018 is 6.F4 (coal price): market concerns about the side of coal supply reform and the high price of electricity will be frustrated.
The coal industry is profitable. To be sure, the coal community currently has a low stock (especially the pit bank) and the coal price still supports it. We analyze the “coal production planning, release progress, consumption” during the 13th Five-Year Plan, the coal consumption and output gap around 2020 is more consistent with 2015 (with a gap of around 200 million tons).
We believe that the price of co-ed coal in Shanxi, China, will be around $525-575 per ton around 2020. We expect tons. Corporate coal purchases are falling, profitability and business performance are expected to improve.
At the end of 2017, with 8.91% of the BEI market, the power poles were prominent. The higher the market share, the greater the advantage would be in “negotiating prices with upstream coal companies, participating in downstream market-based electricity price negotiations” and the internal “efficient energy-efficient and environmentally friendly power generation technologies, and advanced cost controls and
Incentives can contribute on a larger scale, making full use of their scale advantages to reduce costs and enhance efficiency to enhance competitive advantage. In terms of economic and technological indicators, indicators such as the consumption of coal and plant power for energy use are also long term and the "performance release and valuation level" of the power base, such as a steady rise in the number of hours used by electric heaters.
“Davis double-clicking effect” (i.e., returning from the current 1.4x net rate to the 2x net rate centre, to near the 3x net rate ceiling). Valuation and investment proposal: a share is the purest electric mark and profit improvement in the beneficiary industry
As coal prices, electricity prices, and hours of use are resonanced on multiple fundamentals, the profitability of fire power will be improved, and the company, as the purest share, has the size and technical advantage of a fire power tap, the most profitable of which is in the fuel-fired sector, and the first time it covers a recommended rating.
The price of electricity and coal has fallen below the expected risk; the market and planned power differentials have narrowed below the expected risk; electricity use has increased at less than the expected risk for society as a whole; and the number of hours spent by fire and power sets has risen at less than the expected risk.
1.1. Corporate profile: China Fire and Power Dragon Company, one of China’s pioneers in electricity generation, with clear power advantages: China International was established in June 1994, October 1994, and was listed at the United States New Dealer in the form of ads (United States depository shares), which was joined by Hong Kong in January 1998.
The main business of Hua-eun International is the development of megawatts throughout China, which have an installed capacity of 91,894 megawatts. The company’s power plants in China are widely distributed in 26 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, mainly along the coast, along the river basin, in coal-rich areas or in power-loading centres.
Regional, regional transport facilitation facilitates the procurement of coal through multiple channels, stabilizes the supply of coal, and reduces the volume of purchases. In 2018h1 electricity plants generated 2,08,167 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), they were among the leading companies in the domestic industry.
Holding shareholders have a strong background, and high-quality assets are injected into support for corporate sustainable development: China Energy International Power Development Corporation (CFID) (with 33.33 per cent share) and China China China Group (with 47.16 per cent share held by concerted actors) in the five major power-generating groups.
The group accumulated an equity capacity of approximately 36,390 megawatts (MW), a installed capacity of 3.666 megawatts (MW) under construction, and a new project development right, and “a high-quality asset injection under the flag of the Group of Energy” would support sustainable corporate development.
1.2. Overview of operations: Large coal-fired power units dominated by large coal units with a high size and equipment advantage Fire-fired power operations dominated by large units with a significant size and equipment advantage: in late 2017, the capacity of an internationally controlled capacity of 104321 MW, of which the capacity of a coal-fired power plant was 8755.5 MW (per cent)
The gas loading capacity is 10419 MW (9.99 per cent), the fuel power plant 600 MW (0.58 per cent), the wind power plant 4578.3 MW (4.39 per cent), the hydropower plant 352.1 MW (0.34 per cent), the photovoltaic power generation 788.4 MW (0.76 per cent), the biomass power plant 25 MW (0.02 per cent) and the equity installation.
The capacity is 92003 megawatts. In 2018, at the bottom of h1, the capacity of the energy-controlled international assembly was 104,425 megawatts (MW) and 91.894 megawatts (MW) of the power-consumption capacity. Of the company ' s fire-power units, more than 50% of the installed capacity is a large unit of 600,000 kW or more, including 14
The most advanced supercritical unit of the world ' s multi-million-kW class, with 660,000 kW of the highest parameters in the country, the super-critical super-critical coal combustion unit and the country ' s first super-critical second-hot coal re-fired generator unit, size and assembly, 2011-2018h1, the capacity and speed of the energy international assembly
1,000,000 kWh (year-on-year + 11.51 per cent), of which 18,071 million kWh (91.70 per cent) were sold at coal prices, 10,270 million kWh (5.23 per cent) were sold on combustion machines, 4,961 million kWh (253 per cent) were generated by wind, 459 million kWh (0.23 per cent) were generated by hydroelectric power, and 516 million kWh were generated by photovoltaic power.
At this time (0.26%), biomass generating 101 million kWh (0.05%), and at the foreign power generation market, HCI also owns Singapore's Singapore Power Source Ltd., one of Singapore's three major power companies. Currently, Singapore's energy generating capacity is 2.576.9 MW, with major assets.
Co-generation projects, including the Bus Power Plant and the Denbutsuddo project. The energy sector accounts for about 21 per cent of Singapore's electricity generation market. 1.3. Overall performance: clear signs of improved profitability in 2018, excellent cash flow performance, high coal prices over the last two years, “upturns in electricity use and higher average Internet prices” improved in 2018.
h1 Profit status: In 2013 - 2017, the revenue from HAI increased from $13.383 billion to $152,459 million (3.31% for cagr). As a result of the expansion of the coal supply side reform and the significant rise in coal prices, in 2013 - 2011 the net profits from HAI fell sharply from RMB 10,522 million to RMB 1,793 million (cagr for cagr).
(35.75%). In 2018, H1 China Energy International achieved $82,405 million in operating income (+15.36% of the year), resulting in a net return to the mother of $2,129 million (+170.29% of the year), mainly due to: 1) an increase in electricity use in 2018 (h1): macroeconomic growth is better than expected; electricity use by the population, in the tertiary sector and in the non-high-energy manufacturing sector increased.
Rapid growth; low national growth rate of hydroelectric power generation in 2018h, far below the rate of growth of electricity consumption in the society as a whole and of electricity generation nationwide. 2) Increase in the average price of electricity on the Internet: the price of electricity on the coal grid was raised as of 1 July 2017. In the first half of 2018, the average price of electricity on the Internet was 418.57 yuan/megawatt hours per operating power plant in China.
q1-q3 in 2018, with 12,5989 million yuan (+13.08 per cent for the same year), net return to the mother is $1.989 billion (-29.33 per cent for the same year), and the decline in performance is mainly due to “fuel cost increases and investment receipts”.
In terms of profitability, during the period 2013-2015, when coal prices were low, the FCI Māori ratio was strongly influenced by supply-side reforms and the rise in coal prices in 2016-2017, with a sharp decline in the profitability of companies, with the FPI rate of 11.31 per cent in 2017, a net interest rate of 1.41 per cent and a weighted roe of 2.47 per cent.
The overall trend towards a steady decline in coal prices in the second half of the period, as a result of the increase in Internet access prices from 1 July 2017, coupled with the change in the supply side of coal after 2018h1, has led to a gradual improvement in the profitability of Fulfill International. In 2018h1, the Māori rate was 13.15 per cent, with a net interest rate of 3.38 per cent.
Fire and electricity operations accounted for a high percentage and the main business was prominent: HCI was the single most pure spark, and was also a billion yuan (92.61 per cent of total gross profit); in 2018 h1, the company’s electricity and heat operations achieved a high percentage of operating depreciation (non-payable cost) and an excellent cash flow: electricity supply was closely linked to the lives of the residents.
The risk of receivables is low. HCI also showed a good cash flow, with high depreciation costs (non-payable costs, reflected in cash inflows) in the fire power industry in 2013-2018, combined with weak profitability (unusually low net profits) in recent years, H1, net cash flows/net gains from corporate operations in 2013-2018
Industry Overview: Recapitulation of the history of fire power, Dismantling of Fire Power Profit Models, Forecasts 2.1, Fire and Power History Retrievals and Investment Strategies
In addition to China’s excess capacity in light industry, the economy faces profound structural adjustments, and fixed-assess investments are growing at a slower pace.
In December 2001, China formally joined the World Trade Organization (wto), integrating it into the world trade market and becoming a world factory (which basically forms “China’s manufacturing, Europe and the United States of America”).
Trade patterns of domestic consumption, resource countries providing productive resources.” Domestic demand is driven and external demand is strong, with the "five golden flowers" (coal, automobile, electricity, banks and steel) emerging in 2003, with rising electricity hours.
Coal prices have risen sharply, compromising electricity companies’ profits. And China’s stock market emerged from a booming cattle market in 2006-2008, with China’s international share price running out of the “3-0-0-0-0” index.
During the second half of the stock market collapse, expectations for large commodities (coal, etc.) were strong because of economic policy easing.
In December 2008-October 2011, China’s monetary policy (a number of interest cuts) and active fiscal policy (tax cuts, increased government spending, etc.) fell.
Since November, stock markets have rebounded steadily, especially in large-scale, hard-core holdings such as banks, infrastructure, and so on, with relatively low international excess revenues. * The October 2011-August 2015 earthquake: a global commodity experience at this stage
After 5-6 years in Bear City, under the new normal state of the domestic economy, oversupply of coal led to long-term low coal prices hovering and substantial improvements in the profits of coal-fired enterprises, as well as supply-side reforms in the energy industry relative to the “silent 300 index”, accelerated withdrawal of production from the coal industry, and high coal prices in 2016-2017.
In July, the number of hours spent on the electric heater went up and slowed down as the coal supply side reform (coal) slowed down.
Charcoal prices are driven from high to green areas, and this has given rise to the rise of the electric power industry on the wheel.
The trend in the net rate of HSM has been relatively stable, with the NPV hub at 2x (up to 3x, down to 1x) since 2008. The current NEM rate is 1.47x, which is lower than that of the historical valuation.
Figure 15: Trends in the net rate (pb) of the world ' s energy markets from 2001 to date
The rise in the prices of coal-connected electricity has only eased short-term trends and has been difficult to change in the medium-to-long term: in history, the National Development and Reform Commission has repeatedly adjusted the prices of coal-connected electricity. In general, it has been easy to lower the price of electricity on the grid during the period of the increase in the prices of the HFA stock, and it has been easy to raise the price of electricity on the grid during the period of the decline in the prices of the shares. However, adjusting the prices of electricity on the Internet has generally been short.
“Regressing electricity prices does not change short- and long-term stock price trends.” The main reason for this is that fire power companies’ profitability is more likely to be affected by fluctuations in the number of hours spent on fire power, especially the price of coal.
In the case of large increases in the price of electricity and coal, where the profitable space of the coal industry is squeezed and stock prices are easily suppressed (which creates a downward trend), when the price of the coal machine on the Internet is raised, and although stock prices rebound in the short term, it is difficult to fully compensate for the increase in the cost of electricity and coal.
Energy companies are still less profitable, and it is difficult to fundamentally reverse the decline in fire and electricity companies. While there has been a marked reverse change in the prices of energy and coal, in recent years there has been a significant weakening in the use of small amounts by fire and power generators: the profitability of energy and coal is closely linked to the price of electricity and, historically, “the prices of energy and energy are comparable.”
There is a clear negative correlation between the trend in the depth 300 index and the trend in the price of electricity and coal, which is largely synchronized or slightly delayed by the trend in the relative depth 300 index. That is to say, when the price of electricity and coal fluctuates or is expected to fluctuate, the price will change in reverse.
The deep 300 index is related to the negative correlation between the price of electricity and coal, with the exception of: 1) prior to and after the 2008 economic crisis, China's economy and stock markets were marked by overheating, underpinned by strong demand on the fundamentals, and the prices of electricity and coal, as well as those of the China Energy International stock, were both innovatively high; 2) following the economic crisis, demand on the economic fundamentals were evident.
Weaknesses, with prices of bulk commodities (electric coal) and stock markets falling sharply; in general, there was a reverse shift in the prices of the world's shares and electricity coal during a period of economic stability; during periods of high economic volatility, the prices of the world's shares and the prices of electricity coal were on the rise in 2003-2008, when the prices of the “energy international stock were 300 indexes of relative depth” and the number of hours spent on the lighter.
However, after 2008, the trend in HCI’s relative depth of 300 indexes was significantly weakened in relation to the trend in the use of hours by the Fire Gear. The reason was that before 2008, the price of electricity and coal had been stable, and the positive correlation between HCI’s price and the use of hours by the Fire Gear was easy to observe.
Since then, as a result of four trillion-dollar stimulus packages and supply-side reforms, there has been increased volatility in electricity and coal prices, which are all the more relevant to the trend in electricity and coal prices. A summary of investment strategies in the fire and electricity sector: by analysing the historical price trends and the impact of energy and energy poles.
In the long run, it was found that the rate of return on energy-efficient international investment was very close to the rate of return on investment at depth of 300, but there were clear milestones, mainly the price of coal, the price of coal on the Internet, and the number of hours spent in the fire industry. The price of electricity and coal had the most significant impact on the price of energy-efficient international stock in successive increases and declines.
In a smooth period, the prices of HCI and the prices of electricity and coal are changing in reverse; in a period of high economic volatility, the prices of HCI and the prices of electricity and coal are both rising and falling. Since the prices of electricity and coal have a greater and far-reaching impact on the profits of fire and electricity, adjusting the prices of installed coal on the Internet mesh merely eases short- and long-term stock price trends, and does not change the trends in medium- and long-term stock prices.
The relationship between the increase in the price of electricity and coal after 2008 was significantly weakened. From the valuation point of view, the GDP ratio fluctuated in the middle of the valuation of 15-20x. Since 2008, the GDP net has been at 2x (up to 3x) in the middle.
2.2. The Fire and Power Industry Profit Analysis Framework, designed to extract the most critical variables that affect the profits of the Fire and Power Enterprise, and to focus on their analysis and prediction, from the composition of the profit scale, we deduce “the profits of the Fire and Power Enterprise, gross profits, net profits” and key industries.
*The revenue from the operation of the fire power enterprise is closely related to the “use of hours, average cost of electricity on the Internet”: since the revenue from the operation of the fire power enterprise is mainly from the sale of electricity on the Internet: operating income = average price of electricity on the Internet x the amount of electricity on the Internet
Electricity on-line = power generation - plant power = power generation x (1-plant power rate) Power generation = installed capacity x hours of power generation equipment utilization thus: operating income = installed capacity x hours of power generation equipment utilization x (1-plant power rate) × average
Among them: 1) the electricity prices of the electricity supply companies can be divided into market prices and planned electricity prices, as the electricity conversion process progresses, as marked by the Circular of March 2017 of the National Energy Agency of the National Development Reform Commission on the planned distribution of electricity for development purposes. In this case, the market prices are determined by the agreement of the suppliers of electricity; 2) the planned electricity prices of the electricity grid are linked to the coal-fired unit poles.
(c) The gross profits from the electric power sector for power generation and self-use in power plants depend mainly on “average electricity prices on the Internet, coal prices and hours spent on power generation equipment Business costs = fuel costs + depreciation and other costs
Fuel cost = average coal price x primary coal consumption Original coal consumption = powered coal consumption = electricity on the Internet thus: gross profit = (average feed cost — coal price — electricity consumption on the grid — depreciation and other costs/power on the Internet) x
Gross profit per unit of installed capacity x electricity generation equipment x (1-plant power rate) kw installed capacity = (average feed cost - coal price - electricity consumption - depreciation and his/her cost/web capacity) x electricity generation equipment x (1-plant power rate)
Among them: 1) the running costs of fire and electricity include fuel costs, depreciation and other costs (depreciation costs, human capital, maintenance costs, environmental protection costs, etc.), in which the cost of fuel is a variable cost, while depreciation and other costs are essentially fixed costs. 2) The “depreciation and other costs/power on-line” are reduced as the amount of electricity on-line increases, reflecting the fact that it increases.
(iii) Gross profits are largely dependent on “average Internet tariffs, coal prices and hours spent on generating equipment” due to the consumption of electricity and the small variation in power rates. * Net profits are depreciated in addition to “average Internet tariffs, coal prices and hours spent on generating equipment”.
Gross profits = gross profits = [taxes and additional + sales costs + management costs + financial costs + impairment losses on assets + total profits = operating profits = operating out-of-payments = gross profits — financial costs and other costs = net profits = total profits = income tax costs = total profits * (1-enterprise income tax rate) = (gross profits — treasury)
Cost of services and other costs* (1 - enterprise income tax rate) so: net profit of the fire power enterprise = [(average feed-in-the-coal price x electricity consumption-depreciation and other costs)] × installed capacity x hours of power generation equipment (1 - plant power rate) - financial costs
(a) The overall profitability of the fire power industry is closely related to the average price of electricity on the Internet, the price of coal and the use of small hours for power generation equipment;
(c) “Depreciation and other costs/access to electricity” is mostly reduced as the amount of electricity on the Internet increases, reflecting the scale and leverage of the fire power industry; and (d) “financial and other costs” increase by the same proportion (e.g. interest costs arising from short-term borrowing) as the amount of electricity on the Internet (or business income) increases.
(b) In terms of the logic of investment in the electric power industry, "the average price of electricity on the Internet, and the number of hours spent on power generation equipment, has increased."
In the event of a fall in coal prices, the overall profitability of the coal industry will improve. When the number of hours spent on electricity generation is raised, such as depreciation and financial costs are higher, the profitability of the coal industry will be increased to a greater extent by operating leverage and financial leverage, and performance elasticity will be the preferred target for the industry.
Based on the above-mentioned profit model for the fire power industry and the findings of the history review of the fire power industry, the framework for this report will focus on analysing the power generation (including hours) from the fire power industry and from the energy generating equipment of the Power Power Power International.
Changes in electricity prices, coal prices, etc., on the basis of which the future performance of the Energy International is projected. 2.3. Profit factor I (power growth): the high rate of increase in electricity use will continue in 2018. h1. The country's economy has been undergoing a continuous economic transformation, with a lower share of high energy consumption and a downward trend in power consumption elasticity: use
The demand for electricity is closely linked to the country's economic situation and structure. In recent years, the country's current and old economic dynamics have accelerated, with the third sector rising steadily, and the primary and secondary sectors declining. As the “industrial sector” is a traditional power-intensive household, the power consumption elasticity factor has fallen to 0.4-0.8 water, as the industry's share has declined.
The growth rate of electricity consumption is slower than that of the country’s gdp. As the country’s economic structure continues to improve, it is expected that the elasticity factor for electricity consumption below 1 will be the norm.
In the first half of 2018, electricity use grew faster than the average in the last five years, with the tertiary sector and urban and rural residents contributing more: in January-July 2018, the aggregate electricity use in the Chinese society as a whole was 3,877.5 billion kilowatt-hours (year-on-year + 9 per cent), of which 648.4 billion kilowatt-hours (year-on-year + 6.80 per cent) were consumed in July 2018, at a faster rate than that of 6.48 billion kilowatt-hours (year-on-year + 6.80).
In terms of the monthly value of electricity for the whole of the Chinese society (million kWh), the amount of electricity used for the tertiary sector and for the urban and rural population has significantly increased the amount of electricity used for the entire society. * First sector electricity consumption: in January-July 2018, the total amount of electricity used for the primary sector was 40 billion kWh (same)
In July 2018, electricity consumption was 7.2 billion kWh (7.90 per cent of the same year), in the secondary sector: 2,688.3 billion kWh in January-July 2018 (+7 per cent of the same year), and in July 2018, 457.5 billion kWh of electricity was consumed in the second sector (as compared with 7 per cent of the same month).
Figure 24: China ' s total electricity consumption in the primary sector (millions of kWh) (millions of kWh) in the secondary sector (millions of kWh) in the third sector: cumulative electricity consumption in the third sector was 610.1 billion kWh in January-July 2018
In July 2018, the amount of electricity consumed was 10.31 billion kilowatt-hours (one hundred and twenty thousand kilowatt-hours) (one hundred thousand kilowatt-hours) per month for urban and rural residents of the entire Chinese society.
The increase in electricity use (cumulative value, %) in July 2018 in the provinces, economic factors, alternative energy factors, and climate temperature factors, which are the leading causes of the increase in electricity use in 2018, have a degree of sustainability: the breakdown of electricity supply and demand laboratory factors in the State Electricity Networks Ltd.
Rapid electricity growth in the first half of 2018 was mainly due to a combination of multiple factors, such as sustained moderate economic well-being, an increase in power replacement and a combination of climate-related temperature: (1) an increase in electricity by about 4.4 percentage points for economic factors; (2) an increase in electricity by about 2.8 percentage points for energy alternatives; and (3) an increase in electricity by about 2.2 percentage points for climate-temperature factors.
The increase in electricity consumption by economic factors of about 13.5 billion kilowatt-hours a year led to an increase in electricity use by the entire society of about 4.4 percent points. In 2018, the growth of electricity in the four major energy-intensive sectors, namely chemicals, building materials, blacks, and colored, slowed as a whole by 1.2 percentage points (5.1 per cent) per year; the rest, except for four high energy consumption.
Total industrial electricity use increased by 9.4 percentage points on a year-on-year basis by 3.4 percentage points, with double-digit increases in motor manufacturing, computer/communication and other electronic equipment manufacturing, general-purpose equipment manufacturing; in services, information transmission/software and information technology services, wholesale and retail trade, transport/storage and postal services
The electric energy alternative pulls about 2.8 percentage points of electricity growth in 2018 h1 and will contribute continuously to electricity consumption Increment: Power substitution refers to the use of electricity as an alternative to coal-burning, fuel-fuel-based energy consumption in end-use energy consumption, increasing fuel efficiency and reducing pollutant emissions through large-scale centralized transformation. Electricity substitution includes electricity.
In accordance with the May 2016 Guidelines for the Promotion of Power Substitution, comprehensive power promotion during the “13th Five” period in the four areas of heating, manufacturing, transport, electricity supply and consumption in the North is being replaced by energy end-use replacements for coal burning and fuel.
About 130 million tons of coal were consumed, leading electricity to increase its share of coal consumption by about 1.9 per cent, generating electricity to increase its share of end-use energy consumption by about 1.5 per cent and promoting electricity consumption by about 27 per cent. The “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Electricity”, issued in June 2017, proposed an additional electricity consumption of about 450 billion kilowatt-hours (in 2017) by 2020.
In September 2017, the State issued guidelines for the promotion of clean heating in towns and cities in the northern part of the country, promoting “coal conversion” and renewable energy heating in “2+26” cities in Kyoto and surrounding areas.
According to the Golden Coal Energy, China's electricity replacement potential is about 2.2 trillion kWh (34.92% of the 6.3 trillion kWh of electricity used in 2017), with “coal conversion” being considered only for current technical feasibility.
The power conversion potential is 1.8 trillion kWh and 400 billion kWh, respectively; electricity replacement is expected to exceed 600 billion kWh in 2020.
It is proposed that, by 2020, the energy end-use chain power will be replaced by a total fuel consumption of about 130 million tons of standard coal, and that the power-driven electricity will be used as a source of power for power generation will be increased by about 1.5 per cent, and that the power supply will be used as a source of energy for end-use consumption will be increased by about 27 per cent.
“Electricity development, by 2020, with electricity replacing the new use of electricity by about 450 billion kWh. To achieve a combined heat supply rate of more than 60% in the cities of the North and above, and to phase out coal-fired small boilers covered by the pipe network.
Of these, 400 billion kilowatt-hours (KWh) were completed with electric substitutes for coal, and 23 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of clean energy was expanded. The southern grid, published in Electricity, clearly proposes to integrate the characteristics of each of the five provinces of the South, with a local focus on nine types of electricity alternative technologies, such as boilers, heat pumps, shore power, electromagnetic kitchens, etc.
By the end of May 2017, the Nanning Power Authority had promoted the completion of several alternative power projects, with an estimated annual replacement capacity of 150 million kilowatt-hours, and in 2017, the target value for power replacement was 800 million kilowatt-hours for Southern Network Precincts.
At the end of June 2016, the Guangdong Power Network completed 37 replacement projects.
At the implementation level, in 2017, the National Electricity Networks Ltd. replaced electricity by 115 billion kilowatt-hours (KWh) and electricity by 82.8 billion kilowatt-hours (KWh), which led to an increase of about 2.8 centimetres in electricity consumption by the entire society, assuming that “the ratio of electricity replaced by electricity at the national level/from the national grid” was stable (828/732), and
In 2020, when the national electricity grid was replaced by 580 billion kilowatt-hours, it is expected to replace 656 billion kilowatt-hours by 2020. If the national electricity grid is assumed to replace 130 billion kilowatt-hours by 2018, 131.213 billion kilowatt-hours. In 2017, the entire population used 6,307,658 million kilowatt-hours.
On the basis of this, it is expected that the power replacement factor (per percentage point, 1.80 percentage points) will continue to contribute to the increase in electricity consumption. Figure 30: In recent years, the power generation of the national grid company has replaced the electricity supply.
Figure 31: Alternative electricity targets and potential markets projected high temperatures and climate temperature factors driven by electricity growth of about 2.2 percentage points (h1) in 2018: an average of 8.77 per cent for urban and rural residents of China with air conditioners in 2000-2017, and 8.77 per cent for urban and rural residents, respectively
24.21 per cent, at the end of 2017 it reached 128.60 units per 100 days per year, 10 hours per day and 1 kw per hour, respectively (3.96 per cent for the same year), 52.60 units per 100 units per year (48.01 per cent of 8.694.77 per cent for urban and rural residents in 2017).
As urbanization progresses and people ' s lives improves, the amount of household appliances (refrigerates, washing machines, etc.) other than air conditioning will increase, and environmental problems in the atmosphere will generate emerging needs such as specialized equipment for the prevention and control of environmental pollution and household air purification, which are expected to show a sustained pattern of high demand for electricity in both urban and rural areas.
In 2017, 100 rural air-conditioning units (52.60) accounted for only 41% of urban air-conditioning, and more than 10% of the annual rate of air-conditioning growth in rural areas. We expect China air-conditioning from 2018 to 2020e to grow at about 6% annually.
Electricity use for household air conditioning will continue to grow rapidly. Electricity use is more affected by the climate temperature, which in 2018 h1, is characterized by lower temperatures at the beginning of the year and earlier summer temperatures, with a slightly lower average temperature in January, with three rain and snow weather events accompanied by stronger temperatures;
The month of February was equally low, with five general cold air processes wide in scope and intensity; the month of May was the highest in the eastern part of South China and the same period since 1961, with the highest daily temperatures in individual regions exceeding historical extremes; and the month of June averaged “the highest temperature of the day is over 30°C and the lowest temperature of the day is below 0°C” weather as compared to 2017.
There has been a marked increase in the same period, with the increase in climate fluctuations in the first half of the year causing a significant boost in electricity use. According to the National Network Energy Institute, in 2018, h1, the climate temperature factor increased electricity consumption by about 65 billion kilowatt-hours, leading to an increase in electricity consumption by about 2.2 percentage points for the whole of society.
At 0°C, which indicates a need for air-conditioning or heating, assuming a significant wave of temperature, the growth in the use of electricity in society should be much more optimistic than the planned increase in electricity consumption in the previous 13th watt-hours (cagr 3.6% to 4.8%). In 2017, the entire population used 63,07658 million kWh.
In January-July 2018, the aggregate electricity consumption in China as a whole was 3,877.5 billion kWh (year-on-year + 9%), which is still much higher than the projected capr (3.6% to 4.8%). We believe that the projected increase in electricity consumption and the actual increase in electricity consumption in the “13th Five-Year Plan” is mainly due to “electric substitution”
In the first half of 2018, among the factors contributing to the increase in electricity, (i) the economic factor was responsible for about 4.4 percentage points of electricity growth; and (ii) the energy alternative factor was used.
Growth in electricity use by about 2.8 percentage points; 3) increase in the climate temperature factor by about 2.2 percentage points.
With the warming of the ball, the positive contribution of climate temperature factors to electricity use is bound to increase, not the traditional trend of a return to averages. In 2009-2017, the rate of increase in electricity consumption in urban and rural areas was 8.36%, and we measured that China ' s air-conditioning holdings increased from 247 million in 2009 to 416 million (6.70% for cagr).
The proportion of electricity consumed is half, and the fluctuations in air conditioners are much greater than “other refrigerators, televisions, washing machines, computers, etc.”, so the theoretical increase in air conditioners consumption should be consistent with the increase in electricity used by urban and rural residents (about 8.36 per cent).
Even without taking into account the temperature-climatic factors, it is expected that in the period from 2018 to 2020, the rate of increase in electricity consumption in China will be 2.4, profit factor II (use of hours): slower power loads and higher than expected power increase, and that the number of hours spent on fire will rise steadily.
The economy has entered a new normal, and in recent years the increase in power installed has slowed: in 2003-2007, as a result of China’s accession to the WTO and its domestic real estate industry, China’s economy and its external and domestic housing sectors were required to display a two-fold pattern, the economy’s overheating pattern persisted, the electricity supply pattern was tight, and the capacity of the power installed increased significantly.
In December 2015, the Central Economic Workshop proposed five major supply-side reforms, such as “decapitation, destocking, deleveraging, decosting, short-loading” to improve the supply side.
The economic structure, the production capacity of high-energy, heavy-chemical enterprises is strictly controlled, and the rate of increase in installed capacity has fallen to a single-digit level. At the end of 2017, China had a capacity of 177.703 million kW (mb + 7.6 per cent). In 2017, a capacity of 11,0604 kW (mb + 4.3 per cent) and a capacity of 3,41.9 million utility plants were installed.
Kilowatts (gb + 2.7 per cent), nuclear installed capacity 35,82 million kW (gb + 6.5 per cent) and net wind installed capacity 16,367,000 kW (10.5 per cent) and net solar installed capacity 13.25 million kW (gb + 68.7 per cent).
In late 1305, the increase in the power, hydropower and photovoltaic installed is expected to slow, and the reboot of nuclear power is expected to be stronger: trillion kilowatt hours (3.6 to 4.8 per cent for cagr), 2 billion kilowatts (5.5 per cent for cagr) of the national capacity, per capita capacity to load up by 1.4 kilowatts, per capita electricity consumption by 5,000 kilowatt hours, and electricity as a share of end-use energy consumption
In terms of sub-category installed capacity, the capacity of coal-fired power plants will increase from 900 million kWh to no more than 1.1 billion kWh (cagr 4.1 per cent) during the 13-year period 2015-2020, the capacity of gas-fired power plants will increase from 66 million kWh to 110 million kW (10.8 per cent caagr) and the capacity of conventional hydropower will increase from 297 million kW
One million kilowatts (11.7 per cent for cagr) will be upgraded from 27 million kilowatts to 158 million kilowatts for nuclear power (42 million kilowatts for cagr voltage (21.2 per cent for cagr). In terms of actual installed capacity at the end of 2017, the capacity of electric, hydroelectric and photovoltaic power plants has been completed or connected
Near the 2020 target set in the “13th Five-Year Plan” for Electricity Development, it is expected that the next three categories of installed capacity will be significantly slowed or stagnated.
The price of electricity on the Internet has been reduced by 0.05 yuan per kilowatt hour, respectively, for the i, ii, ii, and ii resource area poles, which have been adjusted to 0.5, 0.6 and 0.7 (including taxes) per kilowatt hour. The speed of the wind-loading machines has largely been expected, but the rate of increase in the nuclear installed units has been lower than expected, and as the ap1000 demonstration project progresses well, there is an expectation of a nuclear reboot.
At the end of the 13th century, the average number of hours spent on power generation equipment is expected to increase: the increase in installed power, which is represented by fire power, is faster, and market concerns have triggered excess power sector patterns and led to a decline in the number of hours spent on power generation equipment. At the end of 2017, China’s installed capacity was 1,777 million kilowatt-hours, as in the case of the 13th Five-Year Electricity Development from 2018 to 2020.
By 2020, China's installed capacity was expected to be 2,087 million kilowatts (kW) at a combined rate of 5.5 per cent in 2015-2020 and 79.33,264 million kWh in 2020 for the whole of society, taking into account/not taking into account temperature and climate factors, respectively, higher than the previous situation under the “13th Five” Plan for Electricity Development (2015-2020) in 2020
The average number of hours used for power generation equipment ranged from 3524.54 hours to 3834.20 hours; in July 2018, the number of hours used for power generation equipment increased considerably throughout the country, particularly in light of the increase in the number of hours used for fire power: in January-July 2018, the country ' s average number of hours used for power generation equipment was 2,224 hours (same as in July 2018).
By comparison with +75 hours, the average number of hours spent on power generation equipment nationwide in July was 366 hours (same as +8.10 hours), which is higher than the average number of hours used per month (323.43 hours) for electricity generation equipment throughout the country in the last three years.
2,529 hours (higher than the previous year + 128 hours), of which the average number of hours spent by the national thermal power generation equipment in July was 403 hours per month (compared to 11.42 hours). This is higher than the average number of hours used by the national thermal power generation equipment in the last three years (354.90 hours).
In January-July 2018, the country ' s average number of hours spent on hydropower equipment was 1,924 hours (with a small margin of +3 hours), of which the average number of hours spent on hydropower equipment nationwide in July was 419 hours per month.
The increase in the speed of the heater and the improved power demand pattern have slowed since 2017, with the number of hours spent on power generation equipment nationwide, 3.921 hours and 3.951 hours higher than the number of hours spent on power generation equipment throughout the country during the same period, mainly as a result of the relatively high number of hours used by the electric heater. In 2016-2017, the number of hours used by the thermal power generation equipment at HCI was 4,107, respectively.
Hours, 4.194 hours, which is closer to the number of hours spent on power generation equipment nationwide during the same period.
It is expected that the number of hours of fire and electricity use will rise steadily from 2018 to 2020: based on the increase in electricity use and the increase in installed capacity, we project the lower limit for energy and electricity use in 2018 to 2020 at 4317.97 hours. This compares to the number of hours of energy use in 2017 (4,107 hours, etc.).
4.194 Hours of company fire power utilization are expected to recover steadily. + Additional installed capacity *0.5* utilization factor) The utilization hours calculated are adjusted to actual hours of use, and the utilization factor is 0.6 based on 2016 and 2017; 2) The proportion of hours of fire power utilization/national utilization fluctuated very little from 2011-2017 and therefore the number of hours of fire power utilization/national utilization was calculated for 2011-2017
2.5. Profit factor III (electricity): market power ratio rises, market price differentials between planned and planned electricity
But the current electricity system is marked by problems such as “price relations are not right, market-based pricing mechanisms are not yet fully in place, electricity prices are lagging”, “trade mechanisms are missing, resource use is inefficient, market allocation is difficult to perform”, published by the State in March 2015.
Several ideas for reform of the system (CMN-9) have further deepened the reform of the electricity system. The overall idea of the reform of the power system is to: 1)
(b) Autonomy: promotion of the relative independence and regulation of trading agencies; continued deepening of research into regional power grids and distribution systems adapted to the country's circumstances;
Integrated electricity planning to further enhance the efficient and effective operation and reliable supply of electricity. In the case of electricity price reform, some ideas for further deepening of electricity institutional reform suggest that: 1) Individual transmission and distribution prices are approved: government pricing is largely limited to essential utilities, public goods services and networks.
The government mainly approves the transmission and distribution price, and the transmission and distribution price gradually transitions to a classification of the voltage according to the principle of “permissible costs plus reasonable returns”.
The prices of electricity purchased by the users involved in the electricity market are made up of market prices, transmission and distribution prices, and government funds. The rest are not connected to direct and competitive transactions.
Electricity, as well as electricity for residents, agriculture, vital utilities, and public utility services, continues to be used for government pricing. 3) Properly handle the cross-subsidization of electricity prices.
China’s current system of electricity prices shows a two-track stand-alone operation of “Planning and Market Power”: under the symbol No. 9, China has gradually introduced a new system of electricity prices based on marketable prices and distribution prices. However, it is currently based on Internet prices and sales prices.
At the end of the generation cycle, the bulk of the electricity generated is still “planned”, purchased by grid companies at a price of poles, and the other part is “market power”, sold to large users or to companies that sell electricity.
The price is the price of electricity traded on the market, which can be divided into three parts at the end: 1) the first part of electricity (agricultural electricity, electricity for the population, heavy electricity for utilities, electricity for public goods, etc.) has not yet been liberalized and its use requires priority guarantees.
The price of electricity used is the price of the sale of electricity (or catalogued electricity prices established by the Government); 2) the second part of the user (the division of electricity into large industries, part of the general business and industry) has been liberalized to obtain electricity through marketized transactions, and the price of electricity used is composed of “market traded electricity prices plus terminal transmission and distribution prices plus government funds and attachments”;
3) The third part of electricity use (currently the bulk of electricity use) is neither a priority for the purchase of electricity, nor is it able to participate in the electricity market, where electricity use is still distributed by grid companies, and the price of electricity is also a sales price. As electricity reform deepens, it is expected that the third part of electricity use will gradually be included in market pricing.
Under the current structure of electricity market-based reforms, the potential space for electricity marketed in China in 2017 was 3,31,592 million kilowatt-hours (which accounted for the entire population in 2017), assuming that electricity was not liberalized in the first part (at a market rate of zero), and fully marketed in the second part and the third part.
The potential share is 52.57 per cent, while China ' s actual market conversion in 2017 was 163.2 billion kilowatt-hours, and the actual share of electricity consumption in society was 25.90 per cent, so that China ' s electricity marketing is still relatively large.
Business transactions, other services for small micro-enterprises, with only a medium income of 11,646 trillion yuan and 72,94 trillion yuan, respectively. It is assumed that the share of electricity used by large industrial enterprises/small-micro-industrial enterprises in the middle of 2017 was the share of revenues earned by autonomous battalions: 62.63 per cent: 37.37 per cent; and 2) according to the National Statistics Office, China ' s services operations in 2016
Revenue is 24,89 trillion yuan, of which the share of public services such as S&T exchange and extension services, residential services, etc., is about 3.2%, assuming that the structure of the tertiary sector is consistent with the service sector. It is also assumed that large and medium-sized enterprises in services other than the public service sector use electricity in conjunction with small and medium-sized enterprises.
As a result, in December 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission published No. [2015] 3169 " On the improvement of coal-price linkage mechanisms " , specifying the continuation of the stick-to-line pricing policy and the coal-to-price linkage mechanism for coal-fired crews that are not involved in electricity market transactions and that have been deployed centrally at the provincial and provincial levels.
Coal-price linkage mechanisms are organized on an annual basis in the form of provinces (regions and municipalities) and are based on the price of electricity, which is determined on the basis of the Chinese electricity price index. The price of the coal-fired unit poles on the Internet is determined strictly on the basis of the coal-price linkage mechanism, and the price of electricity on the Internet is adjusted accordingly.
The price of electricity per year is calculated in comparison with the base price of coal and the base price of electricity on the Internet.
1) When the price of electricity and coal fluctuates by no more than $30 per ton during the cycle compared to the base price, the cost changes are to be absorbed by the power generation enterprise and no connection mechanism is to be activated. 2) When the price of electricity and coal fluctuates by more than $30 per ton during the cycle, a slotting regress is implemented for the excess, i.e. when the price of coal fluctuates by more than $30 per ton and
(b) The value of coal shall not exceed 60 ton; (c) the price of coal shall not fluctuate more than 60 ton and not more than 0.8 ton; and (e) the price of coal shall not fluctuate more than 150 ton shall cease to be connected.
The amount of the price increase is added to the cumulative calculation for the next cycle. The price of the grid and the price of the sale electricity, adjusted for the coal price linkage mechanism, are implemented on 1 January of each year. Table 8: In the coal price connection, the price of the coal-fired unit sticker and the formula for calculating the price of the net connection to the coal-fired plant, and the price of the sale of the electricity is linked to the price of the coal-fired unit sticker.
(c) 30 + 30 + 40 + 0.9 + (a-100) × 0.8, c4 = 30 + 40 + 0.9 + 50 + 0.8, c4 + 30 + 40 + 0.9 + 50 + 0.8), new-age certificate coal price up and up and up and up with fire charge performance, as of 1 July 2017:
In order to reduce the cost of electricity for industrial enterprises, domestic power coal prices have been moving down in a five-year downward cycle since 2011, and since 2013 the country has made four consecutive reductions in the price of coal-fired electricity grids, each of which is about 3 minutes per kilowatt. Since 2016, as supply-side reforms and the coal industry moves forward to produce.
Coal prices have risen continuously, and coal power companies have been pressurized for profit. But in early 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) indicated that, according to the Coal Price Combination formula, in 2017, the national average price of coal poles on the Internet should increase by 0.18 cents per kilowatt hour (less than 0.20 cent per kilowatt-hour).
After 2017, domestic coal prices were kept high, while the direct purchase pilot was launched (for example, in the case of the Shandong Province Electricity Reform Programme, the electricity consumption plan for 2017 for participating in market transactions reached the level of electricity available in the province).
In this case, in June 2017, the National Development Commission issued a Circular on the Abolition, Reduction, and Rational Adjustment of the Price Structure of Electricity: from 1 July 2017, electricity generation was cancelled.
Enterprises have collected specific funds for the restructuring of industrial enterprises, reduced the rates for the National Fund for the Construction of Major Hydraulic Works and the Fund for the Support of Immigrants in Large and Medium Water Banks by 25 per cent, released electricity space to increase the price of coal-fired power plant poles, and urgently researched specific options for adjusting the price of coal-fired power plant poles online, with a view to rationalizing the price structure of electricity.
To ease the difficulties of coal-fired power generation enterprises, as the national coal-fired power plant only started to raise the price of electricity on the Internet on 1 July 2017, the average domestic electricity price rose by 4.79 per cent to 0.414 yuan per kilowatt in 2017, and the average electricity in company h1 in 2018.
Prices are further raised to 0.419/kWh (year-on-year + 2.72%). Coal supply and demand patterns and price fluctuations have remained stable throughout the year 2018, and electricity prices for coal-fired power plants around the country are expected to be maintained.
Figure 51: 2015-2018h1, Average Internet access of energy plants operating at the Power Power Power International, Rapid growth in the share of electricity traded on the market: electricity market has been growing rapidly since the launch of the Opinions on Further Deepening Electricity System Reforms, with electricity marketed tradables growing from 300 billion kilowatt-hours in 2014
Rapidly increased to 163.2 billion kilowatt-hours in 2017, with market power rising from 5.4 per cent in 2014 q1 in 2018, with a cumulative total of 158,7.8 billion kilowatt-hours (+9.8 per cent) in Chinese society, 12,001 billion kilowatt-hours (+ 12.3 per cent) in electricity sales by grid enterprises, and China ' s marketized trading capacity (including trading in power rights)
In total, 332.2 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) were marketed and traded, with 20.9 per cent of electricity consumed by society as a whole, and 25.7 per cent of electricity sold by enterprises, q1 in 2018, with 2,57.6 billion kWh (77.5 per cent) in intra-provincial marketed and 70.2 billion kWh (21.1 per cent) in inter-provincial (including trans-regional) marketed and traded electricity.
In the South, the power grid and the Monsi area combined to trade in electricity at 4.4 billion kWh (1.32 per cent). q1, q1, 2017-2018, the price of electricity traded on the coal market was on the move; electricity supply was loose and the side access threshold was higher; the market price of electricity was lower than planned: °1 in 2018.
A total of 24,2.7 billion kilowatt-hours of marketed electricity (excluding the right-to-power trade) were generated by large power generation groups (i.e. 11 central and local large-scale power generation conglomerates participating in the China-ITU power exchange information-sharing platform), accounting for 29 per cent of the grid-connected electricity of large power clusters and 73 per cent of the national market-to-trade electricity; and among large power-generation groups (involving trans-districts)
The total amount of electricity traded on the market was 48.4 billion kWh, or 20 per cent of the volume of electricity traded on the market and 69 per cent of the volume traded on the market across provinces (including across regions). In 2018, q1, the total amount of electricity supplied on the Internet by large power groups was 844.5 billion kWh, while the total volume of electricity traded on the market was 24.27 billion kWh (excluding trading in the right to generate electricity).
At this stage, the overall supply pattern of electricity is fragmented and market power has different access conditions on the side of power generation and on the side of the sale, with only large industrial users (most ordinary business users do not meet the annual demand for electricity) meeting the market side of electricity generation, which is accompanied by an irrationally low-priced bidding in the early stages of the market electricity market, resulting in the installation of various types of power.
In 2018, o1, the marketed prices of coal, gas, hydropower, wind, photovoltaic, nuclear power traded were 0.330, 0.583, 0.234, 0.419, absolute, and, relatively, the fire phase was smaller than the other types of installed power.
The proportion of coal electricity traded on the market is higher: in the first quarter of 2018, the large power generation group coal unit received 59,95.5 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), or 71% of its total grid-connected electricity; 18,72 billion kWh of electricity traded on the market, or 31.2%, of which 22.2 billion kWh of electricity traded on the trans-regional and trans-provincial market.
Average electricity prices (planned and market-weighted average electricity prices) were 0.365/kWh, while average electricity prices for market-based transactions (including cross-regional and inter-provincial marketized transactions) were 0.331/kWh. Sub-provincially: 1) market-based rates: highest market rates for coal-connected electricity from large power groups
Gansu Province (94.8%), Qinghai, Guangxi, Monxi, Ningxia, Hunan, Guangdong, etc.)
Market-based trading prices were 0.220 kWh, 0.368 kWh, 0.274 kWh/kWh, with a decrease in 2018h1, with the former provinces of Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong, River 100 million kWh, 11,963 million kWh, accounting for 20.43 per cent, 9.92 per cent, 7.25 per cent,
6.87 per cent, 6.09 per cent, and the total share of HAI in the above five provinces was 50.55 per cent.h1 in 2018, HAI sold electricity in the provinces and increased their respective rates.37 per cent, 32.8 per cent, and 37.3 per cent, respectively, in 2017, in Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong and Henan.
36.1%, 29.1%, 25.0% overall, slightly above the market level for coal electricity (31.2% in q1 in 2018).