The company's evaluation report, home appliances, and the internal and external sales, and they're doing a lot better than expected, Li Conghua.
Millions of yuan, a decrease of 181 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of 22.18 billion yuan, an increase of 3.29 per cent in the same year. For the third quarter, 78,034 million yuan, an increase of 15.71 per cent in the same year; and for (i) rapid growth in internal and external sales.
Company q3 receipts grew by 15.71 per cent on the same year, increasing by 3.21 per cent over the two quarters q3 performance was due mainly to the rapid growth of domestic air-conditioning operations and the adequacy of overseas orders. Corporate air-conditioning sales benefited from the adjustment of major competitors’ channels, with a high volume of goods and market share.
Industry online shows a slight increase in corporate air conditioning sales of 320 in July-September. For overseas sales, the demand for refrigerators rose as a result of the overseas epidemic, production orders were transferred to the home country and concentrated in the head, and companies q3 were ordered overseas.
The industry online data shows that the company's refrigerator sales in July-September were expected to continue growing rapidly without any significant improvement in overseas outbreak control. The company's overseas affiliates also showed significant improvement.
Net interest rate of 7.5 per cent, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period, continued to narrow the three-quarter cut in Kuka, and the cost rate continued to decline during the period of (ii) o3 sales of 24.81 per cent, a decrease of 3.39 pct over the same period.
The price of the air conditioning industry is highly competitive, the average price of the company air conditioner has fallen, and 2) the company's export earnings have increased and Māori is relatively low. We believe that as the price of air conditioners has eased, the price of air conditioning is expected to rise gradually, the prices of products such as refrigerators, washing machines, etc. have risen steadily, and the company is gross.
The risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, less than expected completion of real estate work, and the risk of an over-expected overseas epidemic. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.