PhillipCapital
上汽集團
(600104.CH)
業績增長可期
新產品週期推動,
中國 | 汽車製造 | 更新報告
增持 (維持)
首兩月銷量整體基本持平，自主品牌保持強勁勢頭
上汽集團首兩月銷量基本持平，好於行業平均。總銷量按年增長 1.13%，至 105.13 萬
(現價截至 3 月 15 日)
輛，自主品牌的強勁增長，及合資品牌的持平被上汽通用五菱的下滑抵消。具體車企
目標價: CNY 27.18 (+8%)
來看，合資品牌上汽大眾銷售 33.2 萬輛，同比微減 3.9%，上汽通用銷售 28.8 萬輛，
同比增長 4.65%，上汽乘用車銷售 7.3 萬輛，同比勁升 100.4%，上汽通用五菱銷售
公司資料
33.4 萬輛，同比減少 7.6%。我們認為，購置稅補貼減半對於主要銷售 1.6L 以下排量的
普通股股東(百萬股):
上汽通用五菱影響較大，是其銷量疲弱的重要原因。具體車型來看，高端車型如全新
市値(人民幣百萬元):
朗逸，polo，途觀，GL8，昂科威，凱迪拉克，RX5 等銷售勢頭強勁，車型結構進-
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣元):
26.55/19.15
上移。
Monthly sales of SVW, SGM and Wuling
主要股東%
上海汽車工業(集團)總公司
躍進汽車集團公司
股價 & 上證指數
Source: SAIC, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
Source: Phillip Securities (HK) Research
Monthly sales of SAIC sel-brand
財務資料
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
研究分析員
(+86 51699400-103)
SAIC, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
自主品牌有望形成規模突破
因融合了阿裏巴巴研發的互聯網車載操作系統體系,新 SUV 車型榮威 RX5 甫一
推出即受熱捧,上市後 7 個月累計銷量達到 11 萬輛,月銷最高至 2.5 萬輛。近
期公司進一步推出了基於互聯網架構打造的轎車車型榮威 i6,定價在 8.98-
13.68 萬元區間,繼續完善該系列車型覆蓋。我們認為,隨著產能逐漸匹配,上
汽自主品牌今年有較大可能在銷售規模上實現突破，同比增幅有望超過四成。
合資車企中,上汽大眾今年上半年有數款 SUV 車型上市,包括熱銷車型途觀 L,
大型 SUV 途昂，斯柯達旗下的科迪亞克；上汽通用將新推出中型 SUV 雪佛蘭探
界者，MPV GL6，凱迪拉克 XT5 等全新車型；上汽通用五菱也將繼續推新的 SUV
車型 B510 來提振銷量。
定增順利實施有助利益綁定
上汽集團於年初公告完成員工持股爲主要目標的定向增發,募資 150 億元人民
幣，發行對象包括上汽總公司，2207 名中高級管理人員，以及中原、平安等投
資公司,主要投向新能源、智能化、車聯網和汽車金融等新興領域。母公司和
員工的持股鎖定期長達三年，有利於建立和完善公司與員工的利益共享機制，
提升運營效率。發行價 22.8 元/股,相對當前價格僅折讓一成,具備較大安全邊
投資建議
我們認爲，在新的產品週期推動下，公司實現超預期的業績增長值得期待。同
時手握充沛現金流,將令公司較高的現金分紅率(50%)有望持續。我們小幅調整
公司目標價至 27.18 人民幣元,對應 2017 年 8.6 倍預計市盈率,評級“增
持”。(現價截至 3 月 15 日)
財務報告
Source: PSR
(Financial figures as at 15 March 2017)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited
to) a stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and
speculative undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the
terms and limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct
or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any
analysis, forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are
expressions of belief only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such
information or Research is accurate, complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is
subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any
corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential
damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at
any time without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs
of any particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should
seek advice from a financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or
particular needs of that person, before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of
judgment. The fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a
representation that any product described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products
which may be described in this publication involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions
involving such products should not be made unless all such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions
would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a
complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in
this research should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation
covered in this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial
interest of 1% or more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed
corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any
registration or licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear
responsibility for any loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant
2017 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
COMPANY NAME INITIATING COVERAGE
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
JAPAN
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Securities Japan, Ltd
250 North Bridge Road, #06-00 Raffles City Tower,
B-3-6 Block B Level 3, Megan Avenue II,
4-2 Nihonbashi Kabutocho, Chuo-ku
No. 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450 Kuala Lumpur
INDONESIA
CHINA
INDIA
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited
ANZ Tower Level 23B, Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A,
No. 1, 18th Floor, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg,
Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd.
King & Shaxson Capital Ltd.
King & Shaxson Ltd.
15th Floor, Vorawat Building, 849 Silom Road,
3rd Floor, 35 Rue de la Bienfaisance
6th Floor, Candlewick House, 120 Cannon Street
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Thailand
75008 Paris France
London, EC4N 6AS
UNITED STATES
AUSTRALIA
SRI LANKA
Phillip Futures Inc.
PhillipCapital Australia
Asha Phillip Securities Limited
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Level 4, Millennium House, 46/58 Navam Mawatha,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia
Colombo 2, Sri Lanka
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
HONG KONG
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway Hong Kong