(000338)  (i)
At the same time, the flag is the head of the country's heavy diesel machine, with 32% of the city in 2018. From 2020, the next Fosset gear tank is the head of the heavy truck, and the gas is heavy.
The six emission standards for diesel-producing countries are unprecedentedly difficult to implement, and the diesel threshold will be significantly raised. As an important truck manufacturer, Kaiju and DeMartek are world-renowned forklift and logistics system producers.
Balad cooperates in the hydrogen fuel cell business. The fuelwood power is highly priced in the industrial chain, and the country’s six-stage advantage will be more pronounced.
In the next three to six months, a list of all major card manufacturers in the country will not constitute a major dependency on any client.
The supply pattern of the Division’s key parts is more fragmented. Some of the key parts of the heavy diesel engines are held by foreign multinational giants, while the fuelwood is less dependent on a single supplier. A stronger bargaining power makes the company’s cash flow more abundant, with a net business cycle far better than that of the general supplier of car parts and components.
China’s heavy-gas heavy-car diesel demand will significantly increase the demand for fuelwood, while overseas demand will be better. Companies are expected to take a large share of the heavy-gas package in areas other than 13l.
In 2018, the two overseas kd factories produced and sold locally. In collaboration with clients who developed overseas, the wood will be kept on a long-term footing.
The cyclicality brought about by fluctuations in domestic heavy-card demand will be partially reduced. For the global diesel dragon Conmins, the profitability of the wood engine business (the parent company) has been excellent at ebitda%. The company’s diesel business has been moving towards Comminth since the century.
It is close to Conminth’s engine structure, and the rate continues to rise. Reference is made to the valuation of the multinational giants, which gave 7.15 xev/ebitda in 2019 for the wood engine business, corresponding to 78.9 billion yuan in market value.
Liu Xiaoming, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
In the case of heavy diesel engines, which have a monopoly of 1.1 heavy-weight-carat diesel engine taps, with 34 per cent in the city of 209q1, Quisseng is the lead company in the Chinese multi-cylinder diesel industry (mainly diesel engines for vehicles) and sold a total of 439,000 units throughout 2018.
In the area of heavy-duty diesel machines used by heavy-carats, the field is more prominent and has dominated the domestic market for many years. In 2018, 360,000 heavy-carat engines were sold, with a market share of 31.6 per cent, and 2019q1 was further raised to 34 per cent.
After the landslide caused by Fukuda’s switch to diesel company in 2015, the share in Fukuda has been gradually restored in recent years. East’s financial and intellectual booming heavy-carat operations have grown significantly in recent years, and the heavy-cargo engine operations have become more robust.
At the beginning of the century, as a result of the small amount of heavy gas, the share of wood engines sold to external customers was up to 70%. Since the acquisition in 2007, heavy gas has been growing rapidly, with heavy card sales in 2005-2018 far exceeding the market (19% vs. 13%). The rapid growth of heavy gas has led to a very solid stage.
The company sold 89,000 diesel machines in 2018 in more than 3 tons, with a market share of 84 per cent.
The lead position will be stronger as the 1.2-country six diesel engines are waiting for the east, and heavy diesel vehicles will be more difficult to meet the country's six-stage emission standards (hereinafter referred to as “country six”), which will be equivalent to an increase in the market for heavy diesel engines.
As a leader in the industry, wood is expected to benefit from an increase in market concentration following the full implementation of diesel engine country VI in 2021. The country’s six heavy diesel engines need to be installed on a five-diesel machine, upgrade a series of in-board purification and reprocessing devices to meet the stringent requirements of country VI. Country VI adopts the principle of fuel neutrality, treating pollutants from gasoline and diesel engines equally.
Figure 9: The complex tailing system of doc+dpf+scr+asc is required to fully meet the national six requirements, of which the most complex dpf system is usually unequipped on the five-weight cards of the country. Figure 9: The typical national six reprocessing system for heavy diesel engines
Many of the key upstream components in the six-phase reprocessing system of the heavy diesel industry are controlled by foreign leaders, with a small share of autonomous firms, which poses a major challenge to the bargaining power of engine companies.
The 21-day data show that the three major international chemicals industry giants – Basf, Yumekko, and Mangofon – now account for 92% of the total share of the market for six heavy diesel engines in the country, by engine type, and a small share of autonomous firms, including Wilbilly High. The upstream beehive ceramic carrier has a similar pattern of competition in the area of dpf.
A stronger technology threshold gives upstream foreign investors a stronger position, which reduces downstream firms’ bargaining power, including engine manufacturing. The country’s six-high technological difficulties and higher costs (an expected increase of $120,000 in bicycles) will exacerbate this trend, not excluding the withdrawal of some small engine producers from the market.
Figure 12: Industrial chain of heavy diesel engine tailings, source of east financial intelligence, fuelwood power (000388): National Six upgrades are approaching, and the advantage of the tap is magnified.
Catalyst carrier (Conning/ngk/ibiden/National Ceramic Materials (Princess pottery)) Catalyst coating (Basf/Umekko/Hansen Manfeng/Vefu High School) Ventile sealing (Fogia/Tianng/Silver wheels, etc.)
Engine assembly (salt wood/ jade wood/ tinwood, etc.)
There is a wider range of activities for companies that are listed in the fuelwood industry. The parent company is mainly engaged in the production and sale of diesel fuel from multi-cylinders (car) and the heavy gas, the Faust speed tank, the Keo and the Dematek warehouse storage equipment, which were purchased several times before and after, are mainly reflected in the consolidated statements.
In 2018, the company listed for fuelwood generated $159.3 billion, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $8.66 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent, both in the car market and in the commercial plates. The amount of wood, both in terms of volume and in terms of size, is clearly in the lead in China ' s auto parts and components industry, with a higher bargaining power in the industrial chain, as reflected in cash flows, which are more like a car mill than a spare parts manufacturer.
With regard to the operations of the parent company, in 2018, the fuelwood harvest was 39.9 billion yuan, a slight increase of 0.2 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 67.4 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period, which was significantly faster than the car market and the commercial plates.
In recent years, as the acquisition continues, the company has taken over.
The share of revenue collected by municipal companies has continued to decline, to less than 30% in 2018. However, because the parent company operates the best class in the industrial chain, highly priced heavy-carat diesel business, it is more profitable than the majority. In recent years, the net profit of the parent company as a percentage of the listed company has remained almost constant at over 80%. The profits from the parent company ensure that the various types of business acquired continue to operate and expand.
Figure 18: The share of revenue and net profits of Cyclops Inc. as a percentage of listed companies
2.1 The heavy diesel machine has a full range of heavy-carat manufacturers. 2.1.1 does not rely heavily on any of its customers.
In addition to the heavy gas under the flag, he is also a major supplier of heavy card diesel engines for companies such as Liberating, Fukuda, Jiang Xiao, Big Carrier, Trinity, and Xu's heavy card. Among the top 10 dealers in China's heavy-card market, except for the east wind, upper steam and red rock, he is a joint venture of his own.
According to the Motors Environmental Network, as of 21 June 2019, the National Six diesel engines, which had been declared, had been equipped with 21 commercial manufacturers, including heavy cards and 11 passenger manufacturers.
Figure 19: Distribution of customers of the six diesel machines in the country, the source of financial wealth in the east, and the fuel oils are also entering heavy-cargo fast lanes in collaboration with their customers.
North Fukuda is the absolute leader of the market, with 30% of the city. North Fukuda still selects wood as its main diesel engine provider, with a joint venture in Conmins, Fukuda.
In China, fuelwood is provided to major customers, such as one gas, Fukuda and China heavy gas, mainly heavy-loaded cards with 190-220 horsepower, with a better cut of 2.1.2 tons of diesel fuel to ensure a strong correlation between the basic plate and heavy gas, and the connection with the Chinese heavy gas under the Shandong heavy-worker flag is becoming ever closer.
After the year’s management adjustment, the share of Xi Chai in China’s heavy-carat products will increase further, and it is expected that the advantage of heavy-gas dumps and tractors will continue to be maintained in addition to high-end Man technology. Special-purpose vehicles will continue to grow rapidly.
73,000 tractors sold, maintaining second place in the industry: 47,000 vehicles sold, first in volume, 39.5 per cent higher in volume, and continued to be first in the industry;
China’s heavy-gas engine demand will be an important increase in the fuelwood business. The combination of wood and China’s heavy-gas will become even more apparent, with the previous non-market reasons.
Since 2018, when heavy-gas management was restructured, Chai has achieved the matching of light and natural gas cards under China’s heavy-gas flag. This year, it has even been matched by heavy-gas products, such as the Elephant towed car and the Ludka toll.
Figure 20: Heavy Stellar type of engine matching woodwp10 engine Figure 21: Heavy gas truck type matching woodwp12 engine
In the area of high-end tractors, more than 400,000 people have a share of about 60%. According to a strategy announced by the company’s leadership in 2019, heavy gas and China’s heavy-gas future 10l and below will share the engine of firewood, while China’s heavy-gas 12l and above will maintain the use of Man’s technology engines.
At the same time, the convergence of heavy and heavy gas will further reduce the marginal cost of firewood and increase the scale effect. We believe that China’s future heavy card market will remain stable.
Still, heavy cards are one of the best-performing segmented markets in the car block. Figure 22: National heavy cards are sold on a monthly basis.
In January-May 2019, the sales of tractors increased by 13% on a year-on-year basis, and for three months in a row, the best single-month sales have been recorded. In recent years, the sales of tractors have continued to rise as a proportion of the total sales of heavy cards. We believe that the share of tractors will continue to rise, taking into account the consumption of heavy cards in developed countries.
East's source of financial and intellectual prosperity. 2.1.3 Downstream, compatriots of overseas business.
Two of the top producers. Heavy card operations abroad, especially along the same routes, have grown significantly, compared to other diesel plants, which are mainly downstream of domestic commercial vehicles, fuel-wood engines, which are less cyclical, and are more certain of their performance.
In 2018, China’s heavy-car overseas operations reached a breakthrough in domesticized production, and China’s heavy and heavy-gas production abroad (mainly in Africa) was more than 3,000 each. During the year, we published a series of in-depth reports entitled “In-Sea Outs in the Automobile Industry” (I): “In-depth reports on heavy swords, heavy-kept borders, heavy weight on China.”
The outlook for Ka's overseas operations has been interpreted in depth. We expect 26.7% of our heavy-carriage overseas operations in 2018-2028 to correspond to an increase in market capacity in excess of 690,000 vehicles and $217.3 million.
2.2 While the large volume has led to a relative dispersion of suppliers as the engine of heavy diesel engines, the woodwood maintains a relatively fragmented supplier pattern and effectively maintains upstream bargaining power, while the value of some core secondary parts (e.g. dpf) bicycles has increased significantly in phase VI of the country, while the suppliers concerned are mostly large foreign investors.
We assume that there is a greater probability of upstream and downstream games than their competitors, avoiding being dominated by upstream suppliers of spare parts. Compared to their major competitors, such as East Windy Conmins, Fukuda Conmins, and Tamchae, firewood rarely maintains a dependence on a single supplier in a spare parts area.
Take, for example, doc (diesel oxidizer) in the heavy diesel reprocessing system. This area is largely a global giant, with a high bargaining power. Doc catalysts for fuelwood are supplied by Manifest, Yumico and Bassov, and doc catalysts are supplied by comforting and ngk. And all diesel models for East Wind Conmins and Fukuda Conmins, and doc catalysts are supplied by Bassov and doc catalytic carriers.
The suppliers of Eastern wealth and wisdom are all Coning. The pattern of suppliers in the other scr, dpf fields is similar. East Wind/Fukuda Conmins is tied to the upper base of Bassfe, Conning, and wood is more flexible.
Conmins, Honiwell, Wilfreight, Borgwana, and Hunan are the main suppliers of the fuelers. All of the boosters are supplied by Holset (a joint venture of Conmins in Tinless).
As a result, because of its large size, the competition introduced by the wood is not detrimental to the cooperative motivation of suppliers while maintaining the low-priced supply by suppliers. A large number of upstream firms, such as silver wheels, Ofo, etc., have expanded their layouts in the Shandong region, with a view to increasing the convergence with the wood, with 2.3 facing oligopolistic markets: actively widening the product line and accelerating overseas operations.
2.3.1 The market for heavy-carat diesel machines - oligopolistic markets The market for heavy-carats is typical of a monopolistic market with fewer market participants and high entry thresholds.cr5 has remained above 80 per cent for many years.
In 2018, there were 360,000 heavy card sales carrying wood engines, 31.6 per cent in the city and far ahead of the other engines.
Market concentration is likely to remain high. The reasons for the current pattern of heavy-carat diesel markets, in addition to the policy implications, are, inter alia, high demand for finance, leverage for operations, and rising technological (power, environmental) thresholds that keep small producers out of business.
Price levels in the heavy-carat diesel market will remain stable over the long term. Given that almost all heavy-carat diesel manufacturers now have considerable equity relations up and down, the probability that a market participant will wage a price war is low.
In the context of this request, and given the strong bargaining power of heavy-carat diesel manufacturers in the industrial chain, we believe that most of the manufacturers transferred that portion of the cost to the 2.3.2 spectra wide, with micro-light-medium-heavy commercial vehicles covering a wide range of torque/power as compared to competitors. The wood engines covered 2 litres of 62 horses.
Almost all commercial cars with 13 litres of 580 horsepower need space. Fuel wood also covers diesel engines and gas engines.
Conmins has a number of joint ventures in China, but the technology is fragmented, with fewer synergies. East Windy Commins covers 9l and below and 13l engines, Fukuda Conmins covers 11l and 12l engines, and Xi'an Conmins mainly 11l engines.
Under this pattern of competition, as the market’s almost the only full-system, mature engine producer, a stable companion relationship has been established in its main clientele, with a higher entry cost for competitors. The difference between light and heavy engines in R & D, in the selection of secondary parts and components, and the higher fixed cost of product development.
2.3.3 Working with brothers to sail to the sea against the background of the global layout of the Tsai Group and the Chinese Qatar forces, the engine manufacturing business of the parent company has also made good progress abroad.
The company has a production base in India and Belarus. In 2014, it built a factory in Pune, India. In 2018, it started production. The project was located in the White and Middle “Golden Stone” industrial park in Belarus, with the introduction of automated, intelligent manufacturing equipment and information.
In addition, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Russian Karmas group, which will gradually move towards localizing the manufacture and sale of fuelwood engines. The source of financial prosperity in the East is the financial boom.
Many developing countries do not have their own brands of heavy cards, and the cost of heavy cards often depends on used vehicles for global brands. China’s heavy-cards companies, at the point of departure, export and build their cars through Chinese-language construction projects.
Several stages of marketing and the establishment of the kd plant have now achieved more than 50% of the market share in many countries along the road. As the most important power-driven aggregate, Sajai is currently located in 243 repair sites overseas, mainly in Eastern Europe, Africa, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and the South America. The layout is close to China’s flagship overseas business, China’s heavy steam, and it is hoped to share China’s heavy card to the world in the future.
In addition, there is basically no large single market abroad, except for India, and once the shares are established, for the rest of the later entrants, a further upgrade of the diesel market threshold for 2.4 countries-6, and a high technical threshold for heavy-car diesel operations for firewood. Zero are the most important of the heavy cards and, indeed, of all the vehicles, the single-car-packing value is also the highest.
The heavy-carat diesel manufacturer, while providing the power, torque, and torque of the vehicle, also has to reconcile the complex relationship between the internal oil supply system, the crushing system, and the reprocessing system to meet power, safety, and environmental needs. The heavy-carat diesel manufacturer does not involve bottom development requiring upstream spare parts, but there is a high demand for extensive tests in top-down and bottom-up interfaces and for company-wide technology.
A high-pressure co-orbiting system matching is one of the difficulties of a heavy-carat diesel machine. The high-pressure co-orbiting power-jet technology refers to a closed-ring system consisting of high-pressure pumps, pressure sensors and electronic control units that provides a complete separation of the pressure generation from the injection process. The system is carried by high-pressure pumps to the public supply pipeline to achieve precise control through the pressure in the public supply pipeline and to bring the pressure of the high-pressure pipeline to the same level as that of the high-pressure pipeline.
The speed of the engine does not matter, and it can significantly reduce the extent to which the pressure on the diesel engine changes with the speed of the engine. The main thresholds for high pressure co-orbiting are system design, matching certification, and sophisticated processing of secondary parts, and Bosewood, a joint venture between Bo and Weifu High School, now accounts for about 75% of the domestic market.
dpf is a difficult fork in a new heavy truck. dpf lowers the exhaust particle dpf is a short term for dieselparticulatefilter, which is used in Chinese as the diesel particle filter dpf device installed in a diesel vehicle exhaust system, and its effect is to capture particles through filtering that is mixed with the surface and the interior, such as spreading sediments, inertial sediments or linear interceptors, which can effectively decontaminate 70 to 90% of the particles in the exhaust.
Dpf is part and part of the national six-weight card, the main technical threshold, including cellular ceramic formulations, plastics and catalysts. The heavy-carat diesel technology combines electrical control, precision processing, catalysts and special ceramic materials, and it is difficult to access them without significant industrial resources.
These technological resources are well integrated. There is little chance that new and powerful competitors will emerge in the field of heavy-carat diesel engines.
The average net business cycle since 2017 (receivables + inventory – accounts payable) is -49 days, well below other commercial vehicle spare parts, powered aggregates, and whole-car enterprises, which usually have a very strong cash flow.
In the automobile industry chain, firms with higher bargaining power are usually able, on the one hand, to require suppliers to agree to a longer payment cycle and, on the other hand, to allow customers to pay in close proximity to cash.
Figure 33: Comparison of net business cycles of the trucking industry chains
Small diesel engines, while not relying on a single customer. This supply chain pattern allows for greater interoperability of spare parts and increased tolerance for upstream supply fluctuations: on the other hand, it ensures smoothness in their production, avoids a sudden decline in production from a single customer's demand, and a source of financial growth in the East.
Standard analysis - parent companies are more profitable than the global leader, Cummings, and the volume of 3.1 wood engine operations has gradually grown to a significant global pole. The ratio of engine operations to the global leader, Cmi.n, has increased from 21 per cent in 2007 to 2018.
Conmins is one of the world’s largest diesel engine companies. He is also the leading manufacturer of power equipment around the world. He is committed to designing, manufacturing and distributing engines, including fuel systems, control systems, gas treatment, filtering systems, tailings and power systems, and related technologies.
Conmins was founded in 1919 and entered the Chinese market as early as 1975. Conmins earned $23.8 billion in 2018, with a net profit of $2.14 billion, a net profit of 9.2 per cent and a higher net profit of 29.3 per cent.
In 2018, 1.5 million diesel engines were sold globally and 500,000 in China, combined with a joint venture with six Chinese companies, including Dong Feng, Fukuda, and Sina. Conmins held about 18% of the market in China’s heavy-carat diesel machine.
As China’s commercial car market continues to grow, Quitts is expected to be the most important level in the global diesel engine market. The size of Conmings’s company is quite close.
The share of woodwood in domestic diesel engines, especially heavy-cargo diesel machines, has already exceeded that of Commins. But, given the current low export of wood, there is a gap between the global comparison, the whole of diesel engines and heavy-cargo diesel machines, and Comminth.
Table 4: Matching key indicators of Cummings, we believe that Commins can become a global diesel giant and create higher barriers to operations.
Technology expands horizontally and is fully absorbed vertically: Conmins is the only enterprise in the world that can develop production designs, make fuel systems, control systems, inflated gas treatment, filtering systems, tailing systems, and electricity systems. China has dozens of diesel companies, of which there is not a loss of income, and is a powerful engine; there are also star companies that have won numerous awards for innovation.
In fact, it is not just China’s diesel companies, but also the world’s other diesel-producing companies, such as Mercedes, Volvo, Scandinavia, which are very advanced in diesel technology, which are motivated by the world’s advanced diesel production, or by the non-production of fuel systems, or by joint ventures with companies like Conmins to produce fuel systems, which cannot be exclusive.
There are only four companies around the world that can produce diesel fuel control systems: Conmins, Bosch, Electrics, and Delfort. Of these, only Conmins also manufactures diesel engine wholes.
There are joint venture engines: East Wind, Steam, Fukuda, and Jiang Huai. Outside China, industry giants like Navesta, Eton, and Conminth are both deeply cooperative and even joint ventures. Japan’s diesel engine technology leader, the 50th Bell, has recently worked strategically with Conminth. 3.2 wood engines are a global leader in profitability.
There's a lot in common with Cummings: they're all diesel-powered dragons and they don't produce re-cars at their parent company.
In fact, the company ' s engine operations are more profitable than most engine manufacturers, including Comminth. In 2018, the company ebitda '% was 20.8%, the engine sector 13.7%, and Tamchae International only 10.6%.
At the same time, the high profit margin of the wood is obtained at a lower proportion of heavy diesel engines than that of Commins. Heavy diesel machines tend to have higher profitability than light products because of the high threshold. The share of heavy machines in the diesel product of the wood wood in 2018 is about 80%, slightly lower than that of Commins.
Figure 38: Compared to the Cummings heavy machine, the East’s source of wealth and wisdom has been less affected by the trading war than Commins. Conmins, in his annual report for 2018, noted that the tariffs caused by the trade war had risen, and the company had increased.
The cost of purchasing spare parts has increased, while fuelwood engines, whether pre-loaded or post-sale maintenance, require very few imported parts and components, and are less likely to be subject to tariff disruptions. At the same time, fuelwood engines are exported mainly to countries along the route, with a low United States ratio; and Comminth’s products and its industrial chains are traded extensively between the United States and the United States.
In recent years, Roe has moved closer to Comminth, but in recent years the higher Roe has been acquired under a higher equity multiplier. There is still a big difference between the turnover of assets and the pre-tax profit margin, the wood and the Conminsby.
4. Based on the evolution of the engine operations of the company, we believe that the reasonable market value of this component should be around $78.9 billion. 500,000 heavy-carat diesel machines are expected to be sold by the company in 2023, with a market share of 42 per cent and a five-year capr 6.2 per cent for the company and the major kaloons.
Cooperation will remain high or continue to deepen: companies will continue to account for the vast majority of heavy steam; the share of heavy steam in China will gradually rise with the recent release of vehicles such as Haughan and Xanderka, and will fully enjoy the strong dividends of heavy-gas overseas operations (mainly low- and medium-end heavy cards), offsetting the cyclical nature of some industries; and company cooperation with one-breath emancipation will gradually deepen and continue to benefit from the liberation of super-high tractor manufacturing.
Sales capacity and increasingly important heavy-load card operations; for other clients, we assume that the company’s market share will gradually increase, as country six will force some small- and medium-engine operations out of business. By 2023, the company’s heavy diesel engines, including heavy card engines, buses, and loader engines, are expected to reach 6.33 million.
However, the company’s ability to negotiate in the industrial chain is high, and it has the ability to transfer the extra costs of country six to the downstream. Thus, the size of the parent company’s profits will not be affected by country six, and will continue to grow as the company’s market share rises.
Ebitdas of Commins/Carterpile/50 bells, which are comparable to the business of the parent company, are 9.33/8.08/4.05x. The net interest rate of the firm is similar to that of the foreign giants, giving the parent 7.15 xev/ebitda in 2019, corresponding to a market value of $78.9 billion by the end of 2019.
There has been a fundamental reversal in the trend towards globalization; prices of raw materials have risen dramatically.
The power of the world's six-year-olds is rising, and the power of the leadership is magnified by the wealth of the East, the wealth of the East, the wealth of the East, the wealth of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Xiaoqing's power (000388) is rising, and the dominant advantage is magnified.
Liu Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.