Annual reports forecast a significant increase in performance and a sustained increase in the core competitiveness of companies Annual reports forecast a significant increase in performance, overall in line with market expectations: in 2019, companies achieved a net return of $10.8-118 billion, an increase of 76.58 per cent to 92.93 per cent over the same period; net gains were realized
This is in line with market expectations. It is driven by a combination of factors, such as domestic infrastructure demand, the strengthening of national environmental governance, the growth of demand for equipment upgrading, and the effects of artificial substitution.
The company’s core competitiveness has continued to improve, and the quality of its operations is at an all-time high: 2019.
Total equity/flow (millions) Continued increase in the share of major products, such as machinery, cranes and road machinery, in the domestic international market, total market value/flow (millions)
The company has become globally competitive. By moving forward with its digital transformation, it has significantly increased its operational efficiency, 12 months of its highest/minimum per capita output, effectively reducing its cost and increasing its profitability. At the end of the sales, the company has increased its profits.
Three-to-one jobs (600031). The proposed purchase of three-to-one gas is at an all-time high.
In view of the high-season demand for engineering machinery, the company is expected to benefit significantly: in the near future, the State Department convened the Service Transformation - 2019/12/12 meeting to deploy a quarterly exercise, which called for the acceleration of the issuance and use of special local government bonds and the promotion of local government bonds.
Three-by-one (600031) Quarterly Performance Cards start construction and eligible projects early and generate effective investment.
A large proportion of this year ' s total investment in earth storage and shelter improvement projects has been made, and this year ' s new special-purpose debt will be invested mainly in the infrastructure sector -- 2019/10/30 -- and it is hoped that further capital investment will be leveraged by allowing special-purpose debt to be used as capital for projects.
The company is expected to benefit significantly from its role as a leader in the industry, with a three-fold card, a commercial car and engineering association.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We expect a significant increase in corporate net profits for the years 2019-2021, forecasted in the annual report, and continued improvement in the core competitiveness of companies. Industry research, expertise in industrial chain research, and especially robotics and automation-related sections.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report