Zhou's double-q4 seasons grew faster than q3 and the revenue of the major sections grew faster throughout the year. According to our calculations, in 2019, the net profit of q4 was approximately 16.4-264 billion, if in median terms.
q4 companies, mainly, increased their product lines at a slower rate than q3 seasons. 15.8% continued to outpace their sales year-round, market share continued to converge towards the top, 3x9% increased their sales, and the city's share increased by nearly 3 pct;
With the benefit of high-end products replacing foreign capital quickly, we judge that Trinity's revenues are growing faster than sales and are expected to grow by over 35% throughout the year. The crane plate: the heavy engine industry has experienced high growth in the first half of the year since 2019, with a slight increase in q3
Concrete mechanical plates: In 2019, concrete pumps began to reach a peak of replacements, q4 was superstitioned, and sales of concrete machinery grew at a very high rate throughout the year.
We judge Trinity as the leader, with an expected 40% increase in income.
Reliance on smart manufacturing and technological innovation to effectively control and reduce costs and profits has continued to rise. 3-quarterly combined Māori rates are 32.5%, an increase of 1.4 pct over the same period in 2018; net interest rates are 15.6%, compared to +3.7 pct, and we judge that there is some room for further improvement in the profitability of the company.
Policy stabilization + environmental consolidation will lead to a long-term boom, leading market growth + high export growth, looking forward to 2020, where the policy stabilization infrastructure will provide bottom engineering machinery, housing investments will not be pessimistic, and the conversion of environmental emission standards will accelerate the upgrading of engineering and mechanical equipment.
The growth in the market share is expected to be sustained, with a peak in growth, and the global layout and performance of Trinity will continue to grow. Excavator operations: Core spare parts manufacturers continue to outpace expectations, increasing by nearly 30% in December; January’s production season is low and spring season is still about 3% higher, with sales expected in 20 years.
We expect -10%-+5% of the domestic market sales of excavators throughout the year, accelerated environmental renewal of the base + infrastructure, and faster growth of cranes and concrete machines. The crane industry is facing a five-way upgrading of the country, and heavy sales from 2020 are still optimistic.
Annual sales are expected to increase by 20-40%. Trinity, as the engine of cranes and concrete machinery, will benefit from increased industrial concentration, which is expected to increase faster than industry.
The semi-annual reports also show faster growth in most overseas regions, such as Indonesia, India, Europe, and the United States; with globalization, the results of 1, 3 1 + 27%: Adjustments
As we see it, we expect that export revenues in the next few years will provide companies with elasticity in their performance. Car Finance’s purchase price goes to a reasonable profit forecast and investment rating: we continue to maintain our perspective since the beginning of 2019, and we are firmly convinced that we will be able to do so.
Inter-regional, acquisition will help local and global sales to the most globally competitive high-end equipment enterprises in China: high-end product structure optimization + scale effects + sales 2019-12-23
High export growth will continue to bring elasticity to performance, and global competitiveness will gradually bring valuation premiums,2 and Triple 1 Worker (600031): proposed acquisition of Engineering Mechanical Financial Services Corporation, contribution
Billions, 13.6 billion, 15 billion, 13, 11, 10 times the number of "buy-in" to keep up with the higher growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board