The acquisition of corporate assets improved profitability and substantially increased the distribution of dividends to shareholders The company ' s coal production increased by 11% in the first three quarters of October 2020, with the Australian and Wu Sein coal industries contributing the bulk of the increase. The company produced 76972,000 tons of coal in the first three quarters of 2020.
Tons, 24.68 million tonnes (94%) in the same year, and 6.03 million tonnes in the original coal production of the Wu Sein coal industry, 34.69 million tonnes (135.3%) in the same year. “Epidemic” hit the company's own price of coal sold and Māori fell. The average price for the first three quarters of self-produced coal was $426.70 per ton, down by 109.93 ton (20.49%) in the same year, from \triangleright.
In the third quarter, the company produced its own coal.
Performance pressure 2020.04.29 Cost of company methanol operations reduced by more than the price of sales and increased ton of Māori.
Quarterly Report Review of the Suzhou Coal Industry (600188): Three-quarter Coal Masters increased by 11 pcts by the same year.
The company intends to acquire the assets of the group, optimize its main business and enhance its profitability. On September 30, the company issued a public announcement that it was going to purchase the assets of the mining group in cash of about RMB 18,355 million, of which 58,94 per cent and 33.71 per cent were traded for “future energy” and “Runam Chemical” respectively. The total of the portfolio was 2,741 million yuan in real profits in 2019, of which 81,92 per cent and 14.18 per cent were contributed by future energy and Lunam Chemical, respectively. The total net profit was 958 million yuan in the first half of 2020.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In the 2019 newspaper, Chairman Li Chi Yong proposed “to take a global strategic look and lead the industry in order to accelerate progress towards internationalization of the Integrated Energy Group.” In 2020, the company traded RMB 150 million to the Hong Kong company for the sale of its full-owned subsidiary, Aluminum, at a price.
Coal International Trading Ltd. and Coal International (Singapore) Ltd. have a 100% equity interest that significantly compresses the company’s trading operations: In addition, in the coal main industry, 10% of the Moraben Coal joint venture held by the two-day Moraben resources were traded at a price of AUS$300 million. This acquisition of group assets allows for the consolidation of the coal-plate operations of the group’s subordinate industry, extension of the industrial chain, optimization of the main business, and enhancement of the company’s profitability and value for investment.
The company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained on the basis of the gradual realization of management incentives and the release of the production of methanol after the delivery of the second phase of the methanol project. The share price catalytic factors are: the successful conduct of the trenches process, the gradual increase in the use of coal in the Qingmon base, the efficiency gains of methanol II, and the launch of the MfD mine.
Risk factors: the impact of the epidemic on the decline in the economy and the continued decline in international oil prices to drag coal prices, risk of safe production, and production of a mine under construction. \triangleright, Ph.D., China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank and member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing.
He was the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, revised coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016 for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, he was responsible for research on large energy plates. Zhou Jie, Master of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of the People's University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.