China Construction (601668.sh) Perigee Construction Company Depth: China Construction (601688) is of good quality and good quality, and growth is determined
In the short and medium term, real estate replenishments have not been completed, the housing and real estate industry will be on the verge of completion cycle, starting with 16 years, and the sale of stock and land replenishments have been completed.
6.72-8.96 The construction of an investment to replenish the stock has not yet been completed. The completion cycle implies improvements in cash flow and the possibility of an increase in the Māori rate for the industry.
In the medium-to-long term, real estate and construction enterprises are moving towards concentration. In recent years, the concentration of real estate has continued to rise. This is an inevitable trend in terms of the sales of contracts in ten of the top real estate firms in the last five years, which account for total merchandise sales.
In the medium to long term, the construction industry is also beginning to concentrate, with the income-based cr4 currently at around 18 per cent, while the contract cr4 is as high as 30 per cent; the contract is a precursor.
The firm is the absolute leader in building, and according to our calculations, it's going to be built in 2017.
The share of the market is 9.89%, and the company owns 33 housing construction qualifications. By the end of 2018, the number of housing construction qualifications nationwide stood at 450, accounting for about 7.3% of the total.
The capital projects are highly qualified and feature in projects such as nuclear power, China Construction (601668).
q4 has outperformed expectations or improved real-estate skills, accounting for 28.57% of the total 3-special-eligibility firms and the best in the industry. Companies have received 72 awards in the capital sector, after only two iron medals.
Construction in China (601668) - China (601668): Māori rate is significant
Upgrade, 19-year-old housing and capital chain double gain. China ' s construction and real estate operations are mainly managed under the umbrella of Central Haiti, with three major real estate brands: Central Haiti, Central China and China, with differentiated planning and positioning and internal operational synergies.
China Construction (601668) - Full coverage of real estate development and investment in buildings in the countries reported on the Internet.
The company ' s real estate business has expanded over the years, and now owns writing buildings, hotels, apartments, commercial properties, etc.
The size of the real estate industry will continue to rise. At present, more than 130 million square metres of land is held by China’s construction operations, and 60% of them are concentrated in the capital city and line, laying a good foundation for the long-term development of the property business.
Seven A-class survey design firms have demonstrated their strength, and they have a large pool of highly educated people, and the survey design panels for Chinese buildings are composed mainly of seven large-scale survey design firms with A-class design qualifications. Since 1990, they have 11 National Survey Design Masters.
The proportion of employees with undergraduate and higher degrees has gradually increased, to 61.5%. Companies will continue to increase their R & D spending, strengthen their scientific capacity and pool of talent.
1.33 The number of projects in the R & D industry is the first and, since the 13th of May, has accumulated nine major national R & D projects, leading the construction industry. In recent years, 3d printing test fields and the regeneration of used mud have been successfully developed.
In the short term, the company will benefit from an accelerated settlement from the completion cycle and recognition of real estate revenues in the long term.
There is a tendency to concentrate on both construction and real estate, with companies maintaining a strong degree of certainty about growth, and we believe that the company ' s current valuation does not reflect the company ' s intrinsic value, and that a reference to overseas construction and flagship property estimates1 and the undesired conclusion of new business orders leads to lower-than-expected revenue recognition;
2. Receivable risk: 3. Real estate management risk; Corporations have established absolute leadership in the domestic housing sector, with real estate and survey design operations located in the country
In the first echelon, we believe that companies are ahead of the industry in terms of qualifications, R & D, and management. In the short term, companies will benefit from the accelerated settlement and recognition of real estate revenues from the completion cycle. In the long run, both construction and real estate have a tendency to concentrate, and companies maintain a strong degree of certainty about growth. We believe that the company ' s current valuation does not reflect the firm ' s internal performance.
At the industry level, in the short and medium term, we believe that real estate inventory is not yet complete. In our research framework, a complete property cycle goes through three processes: 1; sales burst off to stock; 2; land inventory; 3 and construction of the first two processes, which began in 16 years, have been completed and are now in the third stage of building the stock.
In the medium and long term, the real estate sector is moving toward concentration, while the construction industry is moving toward concentration, and industrialization.
At the firm level, technology research and development, a pool of talent, wage-fixing, and adequate orders will drive companies to continue their development. The company will focus on research and development, with the company’s R & D costs rising by 28.47% in 2018.
In 2018, the company's chief editor, six full-text mandatory national technical standards, selected 74 medium-group work laws, granted 4,435 patents (446 patents), an increase of 21.77 per cent over 18 years.
The company has nearly 7,000 R & D workers and nearly 200 PhDs. The Technology Centre alone has a total of 200 senior R & D personnel, of whom 40 are eminent experts and academic leaders in the industry and have advanced degrees or more.
In addition, four engineers were hired as high-level advisory teams, and more than 20 specialists from leading universities and scientific institutions from outside the country were hired as part-time professors to participate in research and development.
Road engineering has 9 special qualifications, 19 municipal public-grade qualifications, 2 chemical petroleum-grade qualifications, and 1 port and shipping-grade qualifications. Being a leader in the industry in terms of qualifications has become a great advantage.
1. Over-expected growth in performance is expected to accelerate the completion of construction operations with the completion of the property cycle, thereby improving the company ' s Māori rate and cash flow, while the company ' s real-estate operations are expected to grow faster; corporate performance, public enterprise reform continues: the company is the pilot unit for State enterprise reform and the first building to introduce equity incentives
One is that, as reforms continue, there is room for improvements in the efficiency and profitability of the company, and the rise in the roe is also beneficial to the valuation.3, Sustained growth and the improvement of the financing environment, investment in infrastructure and investment in secure real estate are growing steadily this year.
The necessary instruments, including current policy orientations such as land flow, “new infrastructure”, “transport power” and so on, show that the policy is primarily about investment, and companies are expected to benefit from policy 1, capital purchase orders, which are expected to decline at an accelerated rate, as a triple leader of housing, infrastructure and property;
I. China Construction: China ' s largest construction contractor (i) Company Profile: Construction and Engineering Industry Lead, China Construction Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter called China Construction), by China Construction and Engineering Corporation, China Construction and Engineering Corporation, 6 December 2007
China Petroleum and Gas Group Inc., Bo Steel Group Ltd. and China Central Group Ltd., co-initiated by the initiators, entered into a deal on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 29 July 2009.
The company is in the forefront of the industry in the areas of housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment, and survey design.
Two, one with a special qualification in ports and shipping lanes, cover all areas of urban construction and each of the components of the project, and have a comprehensive national layout, construction capacity and land development capacity.
On 11 June 1982, with the approval of the State Council, China Construction and Engineering Corporation was established, with autonomy and independent legal personality. On 21 June 1995, with the approval of the National Economic and Trade Commission, China Construction and Engineering Corporation formed the China-Building Group.
On 8 December 2007, the founding assembly of China Construction Company Ltd. was held in Kyoto, marking the successful completion of the overall restructuring of China State. The fourth phase, which has generated more than 70% of the income from housing construction since its listing, has seen the construction business become the company’s core business.
Construction operations grew faster, with capital revenues exceeding 23 per cent by 2018. And the Department followed the national policy guide and seized the opportunity of ppp. By the end of 2018, the company was applying 309 projects, with planned investment of $445 billion, cumulative investment of $111.3 billion, and the ppp business covered transport, transport and transportation.
Water construction, ecological construction and environmental protection, municipal works, integrated halls, town complexes, etc. Chart 1: China ' s architectural development history (ii) Corporate equity: only one central direct building company
China Construction Co. Ltd. is the only state-owned corporation in the country that is directly managed by the central government in the area of construction, with a stable equity structure. China Building Group Ltd. has held more than 56% of the shares over the last five years, with more than half of the holdings being the actual controlling party, while China Construction Group Ltd. is directly controlled by the State Property Supervisory Board, which holds 100% of the shares; it is the second largest.
The shareholders are An Bong Life Insurance Co. Ltd., which buys 11.06% of China’s construction stock through the secondary market. Three companies subsequently hold more than 1% of China’s construction stock, China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. and Hong Kong Central Settlement.