In January-September, the company achieved 61,977 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 8.18 per cent over the previous year; it was placed on the public market.
During the reporting period, companies increased the use of low-grade resources in mines, while increasing their combined use of resources, leading to an increase in current costs. However, they benefited from the continued warming of mineral prices and an increase in the unit price of company-owned products, leading to an increase in the previous three quarters.
The company’s combined Māori rate for the first three quarters was 14.75%, an increase of 3.2 percentage points over the same period the previous year. The company’s Kamoa-Cakula copper mining project made progress.
The mineral belt of the \triangleright La survey area has been extended to at least 12 km, and the fact that there is a continuous high-grade copper mineralization in the saddle zone between the Kakura and Kakurasi survey areas is confirmed.The development programme for processing 6-8 million tons of ore a year in the Kakura mining sector is well under way, and the company expects that as the search for mines in the Kakurasi survey area progresses,
The annual ore disposal volume of the Kamoa-Cacura copper mining area will eventually rise to over 18 million tons. If the project is successfully implemented, the annual mining volume of the company ' s mines will increase significantly, with a positive impact on the company ' s performance if the non-ferrous metals industry continues to improve.
This was mainly due to the increase in the size of the financing and the effect of exchange rate fluctuations during the current period on larger book exchange losses, including mainly the foreign currency liabilities of subsidiaries. The first three quarters saw asset impairment losses of $254 million, compared to $60 million during the previous year, mainly due to the company’s readiness to write down some of its long-term assets.
The basics of supply and demand support metal prices. In 2017, as the non-ferrous metals sector recovered as a whole, the price of non-ferrous metals was further warming, and by the end of September 2017, lme \triangleright Doyseh Research Assistant
The world’s gold production capacity is probably now at its highest ever, and the space for further growth has been extremely limited since then, while consumption in India and China, on the other hand, and global political risk will continue to push up gold demand. The latest statistics on csg show a global copper deficit of 75,000 tons in January-June 2017, with seven categories of scrap copper imported by Sinda Securities.
Implementation will begin by the end of 2018, with long-term implications for the reduction of copper supply. The latest statistics from lilzsg show a global shortage of refined zinc in January-August 2017, cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing.
28.70 million tons of refined lead, representing a shortfall of 119,000 tons. We believe that the supply and demand fundamentals of gold, copper, lead and zinc are difficult to reverse in the short term and will continue to support metal prices. \triangleright Risk factors: global re-production of mines; less than expected production of mines; large fluctuations in metal prices; and less than anticipated construction of overseas works.
Financial data on the front page of the \triangleright report is published in leading European-American journals, such as those published in journalportfoliomanage.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.