Hold the first cover. Good wind. What's the bottom card?
Tax-free competition is structured and policy-plus consumption returns. Consumption in China is a major driver of consumption for duty-free goods.
The goal of Hainan's 14-year duty-free industry is to attract 300 billion dollars in tax-free purchases, double the value of duty-free trade off the island, and work together on big cakes. In the medium term, there is a strong barrier to retail taps.
The duty-free sector is determined by the scale effect of the conversion rate and bargaining power, as well as by the construction of a corporate mound. China’s history goes back to 1984, with a strong tourist base, a company that took up the top retail tour operator in the world in 2020 and is number one in three years. As of the end of 2023, it did not have an agreement.
Two hundred tax-free shops, covering more than 100 cities. Sullivan reports that China is exempt from domestic tax-free sales amounting to more than 85% after 2018, that China’s tax-exempt industry follows tax-exempt duties (9.3%), and that China’s tax-exempt industry is in a very strong pattern.
Short-term gains: airport turnover uplifts Signing of airport rent supplemental agreements with base and buttons. At the end of 2023, companies signed rent supplement agreements with Shanghai and the capital airport, resulting in a significant decrease in base rents (Shanghai airport 707 million yuan, capital airport).
The net tax-free interest rate for the field channel will be significantly higher than before the epidemic, well below 2021 (some 6 billion at Shanghai Airport and 3 billion at Capital Airport); the company turnover level is the world leader in the industry, with a global stock turnover rate of 1.8 times per year in 2023, under the influence of the global economy, and is still in the recovery phase.
Our view is different from that of the market: license plates are liberalized, but they are good. After history, competition in the South Korean industry has increased, small tax-free businesses have been cleared and leading tax-free businesses have recovered.
But the turnover of leading firms has increased as the total tax-exempt industry in Korea has expanded, so the liberalization of license plates will only accelerate the emergence of small-scale firms, with policies that determine malignant competition or sustainability, and the liberalization of license plates will result in the return to 65 per cent in 2018.
The company, as the leader of the retail tourism industry, will benefit significantly from the recovery of incoming and outgoing passenger flows and the continuation of tax-exempt policies within the city, while the company’s size and position advantages will significantly improve the company’s competitiveness as the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port progresses.
1. Increased competition in the industry; 2, uncertainty in the Hainan closure policy; 3, under-performance of new projects; 4, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.