{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002352.sz) Transferbuy inter-district operations
Yoy+68.19% is due to the consolidation of Gary logistics. Of this amount, fast-moving operations generated $16,245 million, yoy+14.1%; supply-chain operations generated $9,611 million, yoy+6393%. Single-ticket prices increased on a positive basis: revenue from fast-carrying single-ticket operations increased over several months in a row in November.
After that, a positive year-on-year increase was achieved, with a single bill revenue of $15.82/vote, 1.41% more than the previous year, the first time since June 2019 that the growth had been positive. After benefiting from policy and regulatory outlets, the industry price battle was suspended, and the single price of the head business had stagnated steadily, starting in the second quarter.
The product mix is expected to increase continuously, depending on the time-limited advantage, the continuous refinement of product stratification, the development of targeted market strategies, the adjustment of the product structure, and the upgrading of the pricing capacity of the product.
Business growth slowed: in November, the company completed 1,027 million fast-moving transactions, an increase of 13.86 per cent over the same period, slightly lower than in the industry. The industry was moving at a steady pace, compared with 11.33 billion, an increase of 16.5 per cent over the previous period.
The demand will continue to rise, the demand for differentiated products will give rise to greater incremental space, companies will have a leading brand advantage and quality of service, their products will match market diversity, and they are expected to benefit first in the light of the trend towards industry-to-quality matching.
Full cargo aircraft has expanded in size and the advantage of aviation capacity has been highlighted: the company currently has a fleet of 68 aircraft, which will significantly increase the efficiency of the company's aviation logistics operations, enable the company to expand its operations, and consolidate its aviation capacity.
In November, the Shun Fung Holdings completed a 20 billion-dollar mark-up, of which 4 billion are to be used for the construction of a new Orzhou airport transit centre project, and the future operation of the Orzhou airport will expand the company’s country-wide, radiation-global navigational route and build capacity for high-end integrated logistics services.
Prospectives of profitability: The slowdown in prices during the season, the increase in pricing capacity under product restructuring, the build-up of cost controls and the convergence of the four networks have helped companies to consolidate the existing billions, $6.4 billion, vov-41 per cent, +48 per cent, pers-0.87 per cent, $1.3 per cent, currentlya
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.