Corporate review report — The logistics industry, gradual recovery of profits under the "4-net accommodation" strategy, surplus holdings (002352.sz)
The acquisition of Gali logistics is expected to increase profits on a sustained basis q3, with the company achieving business income of $135,861 million, or +23.97 per cent, and net return profits of Wang Jingjin
The size of the company ' s operations has remained good in the last three quarters, as the delivery business has deepened.q3 seasons, the company achieved 2,605 million coupons, compared to 29.22%.
Based on the high epidemiological base last year, the volume of companies continued to increase. In 2021, q1-q3, the Department ' s core prescription services continued to show good performance, while the volume of items grew at a high rate, maintaining a stable share in the express delivery market (21%) as a result of the company ' s continued power-driven powering of the package business.
The q3 Māori rate is 13.28%, and the company continues to be on a profit recovery path under the "4-net accommodation" strategy. In 2021, q3, the company achieved a profit of 1,038 million yuan, of which $81 billion was deducted, largely in line with our previous expectations.
First, the “four-net accommodation” strategy has led to an increase in corporate capital spending and the suppression of profit margins, but as the “four-net accommodation” continues to move forward, the firm's bottom resources are optimized, pre-capital investment is maintained, and the company's profitability is expected to continue to rise in the future.
The company completes the acquisition of the Garrett logistics and contributes a net profit to the company during the year. As of 28 September 2021, the company completed the acquisition of 51.5 per cent of the Garrett logistics shares, which began to be incorporated and will contribute a net profit of more than $1 billion a year over a three-year period.
At the beginning of 2022, the full cargo hub of the Orzhou airport will be operational. With the future O-air airport coming into operation, it is expected that there will be a further increase in the speed of operations (+1 pct) and Māori (+1 pct) rates.
[Galactic Traffic King's Jingcai team] The Stereo-Base Logistics Sub-Calcule races are 68x, 45x, and 31x, respectively. Maintain the “recommended” rating.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with an independent and objective approach. No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in the year to carry out investment research in the transport sector.