The titanium industry continues to expand, and the new energy industry achieves a full breakthrough Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) of the titanium industry low and the titanium industry chain accelerates the build-up of guaranteed capacity expansion
This is mainly due to the rise in raw materials such as sulphur, sulphate in the first half of 2022, tight demand in the second half of the year, and a rapid fall in the prices of titanium powder and iron concentrate, which led to a contraction in the company’s performance in 2022. But the company has a whole chain of titanium concentrate, titanium powder, sponge titanium.
The production of raw materials such as titanium concentrate, sulfuric acid, intermediate products such as synthetic gold redstone, high titanium slag, which guarantee the continued production and quality of titanium powder and reduce production costs, while the sale of by-products such as iron sulphate, iron concentrate, titanium tetrachloride, etc., remains profitable and guarantees the company ' s view in the titanium industry.
In a climate of low air temperature, the capacity of titanium powder grew to 1.51 million tons by the end of 2022. In addition, the company has broken through the technique of recovery of small-particle titanium and has solved the worldwide problem of recovery of small-particle titanium and has reduced the waste of titanium resources.
Implementation is expected to start in July 2023, with an increase of 220,000 in titanium minerals. For the first quarter of the month of 2023, the company achieved an operating income of $6,972 million, an increase of 14.91 per cent, and a net profit of $579 million for mothers, a decrease of 45.55 per cent.
From the point of view of raw materials, the price of sulfuric acid, the main raw material for titanium powder, has returned to a low level, and the company’s operating costs have gradually returned to normal levels.
In 2022, benefiting from rapid downstream developments in aerospace, marine engineering, etc., sponge titanium growth is stable, and the market as a whole is functioning well. In the future, as the domesticization of our major aircraft accelerates, demand for high-quality sponge titanium will also grow rapidly, and market demand will rise dramatically.
1. Business focus and revitalization of equity changes 2. Titanium production accelerated release, new energy industries entered the titanium metal industry in 2019 through the acquisition of new titanium industries and the complete consolidation of sponge titanium operations
In addition to the titanium in Yunnan, and relying on the high slag, molten salinization and large-scale boiling-to-chlorinated powder production, new energy projects and technology, the production and sale of sponge titanium has continued to expand, and production has reached a high level as of the end of the reporting period.
In terms of new capacity, Yunnan produced 30,000 tons of sub-seas in titanium.
The Tiantanium Intelligent Manufacturing Technology Reform Project II (5,000 tonnes) and the Gansu National Tiantanium 30000/year turnover Project II (15000 tonnes) are being installed. The vertically integrated layout of new energy materials has been completely broken. The horizontal expansion of hydrogen can expand new operations.
In the first half of 2021, as a result of the spread of new energy vehicles, favourable policies in the electric and chemical storage market and the growth in demand for downstream applications, companies began to take full advantage of their own technology and cost advantages, and in the first half of 2021 began to deploy new energy industries across the board, fostering a second-growth curve.
The company produces 200,000 tons of battery-grade iron phosphate per year, 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate per year, 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, artificial graphite negative arctic materials project, 200,000 tons per year.
The Lithium Ionite Batteries Negative Materials Integration Project (one phase of 50,000 tons graphite) has entered the production stage, with a gradual increase in capacity utilization. According to the company ' s annual report, the company currently has 100,000 tonnes of iron phosphate, 50,000 tonnes of lithium phosphate per year, and 25,000 tonnes of graphite per year (including 25,000 tonnes of graphite).
In the reporting period, the company produced 26 tons of iron phosphate and sold 204,000 tons of iron phosphate: 5406 tons of lithium phosphate and 4472 tons of lithium phosphate; and 11,728 tons of negative polar products and 1019 tons of negative polar products.
In addition, the company has extended its operations to the field of hydrogen energy and has signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with the new hydrogen-to-hydrogen energy source, which envisages substantial cooperation between the two parties in the areas of efficient use of hydrogen by-products in the chemical industry, production of hydrogen fuel cell systems, promotion of hydrogen fuel cell vehicle applications, etc., to promote hydrogen energy development.
(2) The company’s capacity is released at a slower rate than expected: using legally compliant information, the present report is produced independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.