Longsong Group (002601: short-term performance, pressure, product structure, consolidation of dominance
Rongjong Group published its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023: the company became operational throughout the year 2022. The company is a group dedicated to the development of new materials such as titanium, titanium and lithium, mainly in titanium powder, sponge titanium, titanium products and lithium.
The production and sale of products such as positive and negative-polar materials are sold to more than 100 countries and regions on six continents.
In terms of income, the main business plates have grown. 1 titanium powder plate: increased by the same year in 2022, titanium powder production of 1.51 million tonnes/year, sponge production of 50,000 tonnes/year, all of which are the world’s leading industries.
2 titanium titanium titanium titanium titanium titanium tiles: a significant increase of $201.20 per cent to $2,134 million in the year 2022 in the same year, mainly due to new production in six municipalities in five provinces, resulting in initial extraction from titanium
Work, to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, derivatives combined, can be delivered, and now the company's total sponge production is 50,000 tons, the world's number one, the company's green industrial chain in 2022; the product is controlled by the company's stockholders.
The sales of sponge titanium increased by 16,168 per cent to 3.66 million tons on a year-on-year basis. 3 iron-sector products: revenues in 2022 were equal to a million yuan. 5 New energy materials: production lines for related products were completed in 2022, products started to be marketed, the overall business was fully broken, and $656 million was collected throughout the year.
At the profit end, the high volatility in the prices of titanium powder products and raw materials led to a decline in the Māori rate, a sharp fall in the prices of corporate goods in the second half of the year, a significant decline in the Māori rate of the company in aggregate from 11.74 percentage points to an increase of 3.77 percentage points in the fourth quarter of the year, and an improvement in the Māori Ring ratio.
The titanium powder industry is rich in product structure, maintaining its expansion, and consolidating its dominance. The company is the world's largest producer of titanium sulphate, the third largest producer of titanium sulphate, and the third largest producer in China, in terms of capacity, as a small supplier of titanium powder in the titanium industry with both sulphate and chlorination processes.
The company has continued to increase the ratio of titanium to titanium chloride, and is accelerating the implementation of the 200,000-ton titanium chloride production line project and the 100,000-ton chlorinated titanium powder expansion project of the New Materials Company; and is actively planning for follow-up capacity to rapidly scale up and seize the country's chlorine.
In addition, companies have increased their investment in research and development, developed high-end products, and expanded their applications, leading to the upgrading of the company’s titanium product system to mid-end. New energy batteries are actively deployed, both positive and negative, to foster a second-growth curve.
The company has a cost advantage in the production of lithium cell positive and negative materials. The company now has 100,000 tons of phosphate.
With 50,000 tons of lithium phosphate, 25,000 tons of graphite, and a further increase in the production capacity of related products in the future, we expect new energy materials to become the company’s second-growth curve. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: as the leader of titanium powder industry, companies are working with strong players.
At the same time, a new energy industry is being actively deployed, fostering a second growth curve, forming a diversified and synergistic business that is six times the source of financial prosperity in the East. A “strongly recommended” rating is maintained.
Longsong Group (002601: short-term pressure on performance, enrichment of product structure, consolidation of dominance, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-Chou.
Nine years of research experience in the chemical industry. He has served in the Research Department of China-King Corporation.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
The Group (002001): Performance is short-term pressure, enriches the product structure, consolidates the position of superiority, and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.