The price center of acetic acid and urea is expected to continue to rise.
Projected: 1.5 yuan per 10 shares (including taxes); net profits of the company in 2017 q1~q4 of 3.1, 2.3, 3 and 370 million, respectively, are projected to be self-used with melamine. Organamines, adipic acids, acetic acids, stable production of polyols, and basic maintenance of the same ratio are expected to increase by 5 per cent, respectively, and are mainly due to lower prices of urea and compound fertilizers in the previous three quarters; organamines, adipic acids and intermediates, acetic acids and derivatives are expected to be used for their own purposes.
The source of financial growth in the East is 4.92%, a decrease of 1.08 percentage points from the previous year. Half a million tons of coal ethanol were produced in the third quarter of this year.
We estimate a net gain of $1,500 per tonne after the company’s single ton of ethanol income tax in the first quarter of 2018, while a net gain of about $400 per ton after the single ton tax on methanol, even taking into account the decline in methanol sales, is still about 1,000 yuan per ton of ethanol.
For the next two years, the acetic acid industry will not be able to expand significantly, either domestically or internationally, with a new round of acetic acetic \triangleright production to 2020, with only a 100,000-ton plant in 2018 expected to be operational in three quarters.
In the short term, there are more plans to overhaul the acetic devices in the country in the second quarter, although downstream pta is also expected to do so in the second quarter, but the reduction is far less than acetic acid, and the price difference is expected to increase.
urea prices are expected to remain strong. Spring-farming markets usually account for about 60% of the year’s demand for fertilizer, channels and downstream fertilizer are usually in January/April (the winter reserve is gradually fading out in almost 2-3 years), and end-stream fertilizer is usually in February/May. Average temperatures in the northeast and the centrelands of the country declined significantly in mid-March, and heavy snow weather in the north-east is clearly affecting fertility development, weather anomalies and industrial chains in the fertilizer market, which are year after year’s lows.
The mentality has led to delays in the preparation of agricultural inputs during the quarter, but demand will still be released, albeit late, and will begin to concentrate in April as temperatures return. For urea, the delay of half a month to one month in downstream fertilizer preparation will partially ease supply and demand constraints associated with previously anticipated concentration of demand, but the tight balance in the overall spring-farming market, with low stock and low start-up, is still in place, and prices are expected to remain strong.
The prices of the products fluctuated significantly; the new projects were not as fast as they were expected, and the East was growing financially and intellectually, but we thought that the bdi would go back down in the second half of the year, and if the economy of Europe and the United States did not reverse strongly, the market would still be down in the fourth quarter.
Space, so the company’s performance in the second half of the year remains uncertain.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Qinghua University has a degree in chemical engineering, a Ph.D. in chemical engineering, Ohio State University, three years of experience in chemical engineering, and joined the East Hing Securities Analyst himself in July 2017. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies