In 2017, the company achieved business income of $10,408 million, a year-on-year increase.
Lilonghai, 35.15% long; net profit of 1,222 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which is a significant increase in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the same quarter. Companies achieved operating income in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Three hundred and seventy-five million yuan, or 45.0 per cent for the same year, and 26.1 per cent for the ring; the advantages of achieving a flexible multi-production model for the “one-way” revolving economy attributed to listed companies are evident. Companies can adapt production patterns and product structures in a timely manner in line with changes in product markets, maximizing benefits.
Prices of acetic acid products rose sharply in the year, and companies increased production of acetic acid products. In 2017, the company produced 636,000 tons of acetic acid from derivatives, an increase of 3.57 per cent over the same period; the sales volume of 636.2 million tons was again less expensive than during the same period. In 2017, the cost for the company period was 4.91 per cent, a decrease over the same period.
1.08 percentage points, of which sales costs, management costs and financial costs are, respectively, clear that companies are still able to maintain better cost-control capabilities in the face of better performance, further reflecting the improvement of the system of intra-company control.
ethanol will be a point of growth in the company’s performance. The 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is expected to be operational in September of this year. At an annual average price of $7,000/t, the project will reach a postnatal rate of $3.5 billion per year. The net gain from the new project is expected to be around $2,000.
The net profit to listed companies is about $1 billion. The import of ethanol has a large substitution space, and since the country’s new production of ethanol does not meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, consumption in 2016 amounted to 1,259 million tons, while production amounted to 5.1 million tons, imports amounted to 7.57 million tons and imports depend on it.
Maintenance of a company’s “recommended” investment rating. With clean gasification technology, the company focused on the pooling of resources, it built a “one-way” revolving economy’s flexible multi-manufacturing business model, adapting production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in product markets to maximize benefits.
Through continuous energy efficiency and environmental change, maintaining the technological and cost advantages of coal industry and industry, companies are significantly more profitable than their own listed companies. Through endogenous growth, companies have developed into one of the most competitive major coal industry firms in the country, the 500,000 tons ethanol project.
Figure 2: Wallau Hengl.dmf. Plant price. Figure 1: Wallau Hengl. urea.
Fig. 4: Wallau's promotion of Acetic Acetic Acetic Prices. This rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.