Acetic acid, urea price increases, four-quarter performance increases, Juluhingl (600426) point review report, benefiting from acetic acid and urea price increases, and four-quarter performance increases significantly
The company achieved operating income of 3,175 million yuan in four quarters, an increase of 45.01 per cent in the same year, 26,09 per cent in the ring, 374 million yuan in the mother ' s net profit, a 62.13 per cent increase in the same year, 23.84 per cent in the ring, and a significant increase in the company ' s performance in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of acetic acid and a sharp increase in the price of urea.
The impact of the rise in the climate was that domestic acetic acid prices rose significantly in the fourth quarter to about $4,500 per ton, reaching an average price of $3898 per ton in the fourth quarter, a 35 per cent increase in the ring over the three quarters average price, a 44 per cent increase in the same year, an average price of 600,000 tons of acetic acid and derivative capacity compared to raw materials, and an annual capacity utilization rate of 118 per cent, fully benefiting from the return of acetic acid.
Warming. Meanwhile, due to the effects of the heating season natural gas waste, domestic urea prices rose sharply in the fourth quarter, with the highest prices in the Shandong region exceeding $2,000 per ton, the average urea price increased by 14 to 1803 to tons in the fourth quarter, a 22 per cent increase in the same year, companies with more than 2 million tons of urea capacity, and performance increased in the fourth quarter also benefiting from a significant increase in urea prices.
The rise, while the company’s new urea installation of 1 million tons will be put into operation in the second quarter of this year, reducing production costs, will provide a further increase in performance. The acetic acid industry is starting a long-winding cycle, with the largest growth point in the company’s performance.
The price of domestic acetic acid has risen significantly since the last three quarters, and the price of domestic acetic acid has continued to rise since the beginning of 2018, reaching a maximum price of $4,800 per ton, and the difference between the price of raw methanol and the price of raw materials has increased to over $3,000 per ton, which is the highest since 2014. At the same time, it is the highest in the world.
Euros/tons, several overseas acetic acid devices, including Isman, Serranis and Leandre, have been out of production since 2017. This has resulted in a tight supply of acetic acid overseas, an export of 460,000 tons of acetic acid within the country in 2017, an increase of 129 per cent over the same period, and an export of 49,000 tons of acetic acid within the country in January of this year, an increase of 43 per cent over the same period. At the end of 2017, there were more pta devices in the country.
The resumption and completion of Cao Lily's production, and the increase in the start-up rate of the pta industry as a whole, have driven domestic demand for acetic acid, while the new cycle of acetic production in the country is expected to start in 2020.
With 600,000 tons of acetic acid production capacity, full self-sufficiency of raw materials, full benefit from the increase in the price of acetic acid and the increase in the price differential between methanol and acetic acid, the Division will be the biggest growth point in the company ' s performance in 2018.
The company ' s 50,000-ton ethanol project installation is working well and the product quality has reached the polyester level, and based on the company ' s advanced synthetic gas process, the company ' s ethanol project will have a more cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market.
In addition, the company invested $2.6 billion in a 500,000-ton coal ethanol project, which is expected to be operational in 2018, and based on the recovery, continues to look at the fluorinated landscape upwards.
The price of methanol has risen steadily, and the price of foil has continued to rise. The East region averaged 7729 yuan per ton, a 9 per cent increase over the average price in 2017, if based on current market prices.
3. Biochemicals Weekly Report 2018009: When the cost of coal-based ethanol versus ethylene process is high, we look forward to the future growth of coal-based ethanol and the continued warming of the fluorinated industrial chain.
4. Biochemical Weekly Report 20180302: Refrigerants, Burns, III. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations Risks of significant drops in acetic acid prices; Risks of a significant fall in urea prices; Risks of less than expected completion of the ethanol project.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Director of the Chemical Industry at the Pingyang Institute of Securities, the first author of which published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal: Cao Lilly, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil Securitization Chemical Team in September 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.