Wallu-Hin-Lin-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li.
The price of urea increased over the same period due to cost-driven industrial start-up rates and environmental protection. In addition, the company had 35.67 million tons of methamphetamine sold, with an income of $1,902 million; and 2,142,000 tons of adipic acid and intermediates sold.
Tons, with a revenue of 1,831 million; 6,362 million tons of acetic acid and derivatives, with an income of 1,675 million; 2,178 million tons of polyols, with an income of 1,407 million yuan. The above-mentioned products were subject to a tight balance between supply and demand during the reporting period due to rising prices of raw materials, environmental stress, installation repairs, etc.
The prices of company-owned products such as acetic acid, methanol, and adipic acid have been on the rise for the second half of the year, and the prices of urea have risen slightly. Since the beginning of the fourth quarter, the outlook for the company’s main products has continued, and prices of products have been on the rise, bringing the overall Māori rate in the second half of the year to a higher level than in the first half of the year.
During the reporting period, projects on the upgrading of the company ' s traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production, energy-efficient technologies and improvements in air sub-plants were successfully completed, the three main gasification platforms were connected, the platform model and the efficiency of operations were significantly improved, and the integrated use of cleaner production projects introduced advanced water flaring and gasification
Technology, construction of an annual production capacity of about 1 million tons of lysium per year, providing a high-quality synthesynthetic gas. The company's existing production capacity is 2.2 million tons, the new gasification platform reaches 3.2 million tons, which will effectively reduce the cost of follow-up products and further increase the company's production capacity.
s0790516002 Profitability and integrated competitiveness and creation of a 500,000 tonnes ethanol project in the second half of 2018 as an excellent domestic coal industry, building on core clean gas technologies, and building sustainability
Technology and industry platforms for development, corporate cost control and management capabilities are strong. In the future, as more new projects become operational, the firm’s core competitive advantage will be further enhanced, looking forward to the future of the company.
(b) To produce the present report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred on him by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.