The prices of the product remain high and the performance of the quarterly reports is expected to increase significantly.
Lilonghai 1.8 million tonnes/year, dmf250,000 tonnes/year, 500,000 tonnes/year, 160,000 tonnes/year, 50,000 tonnes/year, 300,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyol, melamine
The company has successfully developed into a large and competitive coal industry in the country.
In the last four years, the net asset yields of companies have been above 10%, the combined Māori ratio of products is around 20%, clearly better than those of the same listed companies, and more volatile. Many businesses have either lost their profits or lost, while Wallu Hisung Li is still able to maintain a better profit.
urea: the company's most recent export of adipic acid (median price) in the east of China is $13,750 per ton, and the average price for 2018 will be ethanol as a growth point in the company's performance. The 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is expected this year.
Revenues of $3.5 billion were realized; the net gain from the new project was expected to reach around $2,000, and the net profit from the postnatal period would be around $1 billion for the listed companies. The import of ethanol was large, and the ethanol table for 2016 was unable to meet the rapid increase in demand for ethanol in the country.
The company relies on clean gas gas technologies, focusing on the pooling of resources, and has built a “one-way” model of convoluted, flexible, multi-manufacturing operations based on a “one-way” model of confluence.
Changes in product markets result in a timely adjustment of production patterns and product structures to maximize benefits. Companies have been able to adapt their energy-efficient and environmentally friendly technologies to maintain the technology and cost advantages of coal-chemicals leading the industry, making their profitability significantly better than that of similar listed companies.
The most competitive coal industry in the country, the 500,000 tons of ethanol project, and the Dmf price for the Wallau Henglion, figure 1: The urea price for the Wallau Hengl.
Fig. 4: Wallau's promotion of Acetic Acetic Acetic Prices. This rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.