The world's elite manufacturers lead the world, the ai hardware opens up the space for growth, the world's leading sophisticated manufacturers, and the whole industry's chain layout has a strong competitive edge, covering for the first time.
For nearly two decades in the field of sophisticated farming, the ability of companies such as the M&As to cover basic materials, sophisticated zero components, core devices and modules has been built up to cover the entire production chain. The market share of the company’s sophisticated functional products and the volume of shipments has been stable for many years.
The world is a leader in the e-market for global consumption, where the applications of products from consumer electronics have further infiltrated emerging markets with new energy sources such as cars, photovoltaics, and storage energy. New products such as the beneficialai terminal have been released, with companies earning $42.2 billion in 2024, an increase of 30%.
One drives the smart terminal demand, the company's card core track prices compare to the depth of 300, the generation of ai with the depth of the terminal hardware, and the market for the smart end product is expected to grow at a high rate.
1)ai Server: According to Trendforce data, the value of the industry associated with the ai server was approximately $205 billion in 2024; the market value of the ai server breakdown is expected to rise to $298 billion in 2025, accounting for more than 70% of the total value of the global server industry.
The volume of Chineseai servers increased from 150,000 to about half a million in the year, with a five-year capr of over 100 million and a penetration rate of about 19 per cent; by 2028, the volume of globalai mobile phones will reach 910 million, and by 4 years, 41 per cent.)aipc: according to mic projections, 2028 will be worldwide.
200%.) xr: According to Wellsennxr, the hardware design concept of the global ai glasses 2023-2030 has crossed the light-blank all-power model, and according to idc, in 2024-2028, the volume of global folding screen mobile phones will increase from 25 million to 45.7 million for four years.
Cagr amounted to 16 per cent: China's folding screen cellular output will increase from 10.7 million to 17.3 million, and in four years it will reach 13 per cent. 6) Human robotics: according to data from the Chinese Institute of Business and Industry, the global human robot industry will increase from $2.2 billion to $20.6 billion in 2023-2028.
A won, 57% in five years; the size of the Chinese human robotics industry will increase from $1.8 billion to the company's core provider of global ai terminals, with radiating modules, carbon fibre compositions, intellectuals, and key components such as components. 1) In the field of radiation: the company has a variety of radiative parts and phase-ups.
Research and development of products, production capacity and systematic radiative solutions, stainless steel super thinvc Thermal plate and radiation programmes have been applied to multiple high-end mobile phones and produced in quantities; 2) Carbon fibre structures: The company ' s carbon fibre structure has excellent performance and is expected to gradually replace stainless steel materials into folding mobile phones
Industry, adopted and produced by industry head-client-related machine models; 3) Smart wear: Corporation provides global head customers in xr with soft functions, plastics, heat radiation programmes, chargers, etc., core components: 4) Power and storage power: subsidiary Selcon uses plane to change
(b) Robotics: the company has the capability of core technology and system integration services such as robot design, applications, etc.
A memorandum of understanding will be signed between the lower collar intelligence and the Hansonroboticslimited.
Automobile: According to the data from thevtank, the global market for new energy vehicles is expected to reach 44.05 million vehicles in 2030, and 16 per cent capr in 6 years; the global market for power cell structural elements is expected to reach the size of a battery structure product, such as core aluminium casings, caps, transfusions, etc., in 2025.
In addition, the company is actively developing other car-related product lines and is focusing on such products as auto radiator modules, chargers and vehicle chargers.
Photovoltaics: According to iia projections, 350gw in 2024, 1,100gw in 2030, and 21% in year 6 cagr. The main products of the company's photovoltile energy plate are micro-reversers, power optimizations, storage pcs and photovoltaic wireless network communication modules, and they are available
The company works with its international customers on the odm model to achieve a rapid increase in market share based on sophisticated manufacturing capabilities. The demand is not as high as expected, the company’s research and development is not as high as expected, the prices of raw materials are volatile and exchange rate fluctuations are volatile.
Intelligent: The world's leading sophisticated manufacturer, 1.1 deep-cultivated and sophisticated manufacturing, with more flowers in the downstream market, was founded in Guangdong Shenzhen in 2006 to work with the river powder magnets.
In more than a decade, companies developed sophisticated manufacturing industries, and successively acquired sophisticated industrial chains, such as East Timor, Elephant, and Selkon, with sophisticated functionality. Market share and volume of goods have been at the forefront of the global consumer electronics market for many years.
The sub-market has further infiltrated emerging areas such as new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, and storage energy. Chart 1 leads the way in the development of corporate products in a wide range of applications and technological capabilities.
The company has an intelligent aoi detection system and a fully automated product monitoring feedback system, a high-speed system.
Advanced core manufacturing techniques and processes, such as precision pressurization techniques, a flow of pressure, unmanned arctic lines, and cnc smartshops, leading the technological power industry. Basic materials: representative products with electromagnetic shielding materials, conductor heat materials, microwave ceramics, ceramic fibres
Wires, carbon fibres, widely applied to end-of-pipe electronic equipment and communications products; Precision zero components: including structural elements, functional elements, involving moths, pressurization, cnc, placards, printing, core devices and modules: including linear motors, wireless chargers, chargers, software packages, keyboards, dispersive
Thermal modules, 5g radio frequency devices, structures, etc. Chart 2 Intelligent Business, Core Technology, Application Sites Released Debtable Savings R & D & E. In 2024, the company issued convertable corporate bonds to a specific target.
The total amount raised is $2.12 billion (after adjustment), and the net amount raised, after deduction of distribution costs, will be invested in the project for the construction of a heart-building centre, the project for the construction of a flat lake centre, the project for the development of carbon fibre and radiant precisions, the project for the construction of a production line for smart apparel equipment, the project for the intellectual upgrading of the precision software process, and the upgrading of the smart information platform.
The founder of the company used to hold 61.13% of the company’s shares as the firm’s real owner by indirectly winning investments and directly holding 2.06% of the shares. Of the company’s remaining shareholders, the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, the 22-year employee holding scheme, Wang Namdong holding 1.63%, 0.46% and 0.35% respectively.
A multi-phase equity incentive scheme has been introduced to show the company ' s confidence in development. Since its inception, the company has grown since 2018, as a corporate executive, a core technical and business cadre, with a total equity incentive of 150 million shares, with a total yield of up to 100 million. The company ' s revenue is expected to grow at a high rate and return to its mother ' s net profit is volatile.
New products such as the al terminal were released, and corporate revenues grew at a high rate of 28 per cent, compared to the same year. The company’s net profit was more volatile. In 2021, it was affected by the epidemic, the cost of raw materials, and the investment of new business openings. The company’s primary business was the ai terminal, with the Māori rate under pressure in 2024. 1) In terms of revenue collection, the ai terminal was the end.
The company’s top line of business, with 92% revenue in 2024; automobiles and low-altitude economy products, with the company’s second largest industry, are largely attributable to changes in the structure of the company’s products, with a significant spread of new business with a lower Māori rate. The company’s three-fee control is reasonable. In 2024, the company’s sales, management and R&D rates were different.
2.ai contributes to new opportunities in the market for smart end products 2.1 cloud side/end sideai to high growth beneficial cloud sideai numeracy demand expanded to provide high-capacity, high-performance data storage and processing services
The super-large data centre is rapidly emerging, and the market is expected to continue to rise. According to the Trendforce and the China Business Institute, the total value of the global server industry will reach $306 billion in 2024, of which the value of the industry associated with the i server is estimated to be around $205 billion; and due to the continuing high demand and demand.
The average price of the product is higher, and the value of the market for a server breakdown is expected to rise to $298 billion in 2025, accounting for more than 70% of the total value of the global server industry. According to the Chinese market, the volume of goods delivered by a server in China increased from 150,000 to about 500,000 in 2020-2025, with an annual compound growth rate of 27%.
Driven by a sharp increase in the demand for one server, the income expansion of the one server industry chain is upstream and downstream.ai server industrial chain is based on spare parts, including cpu, gpu, storage chips, solid hard disks, pcb, passive widgets, radiators, etc.; midstream is a one server; downstream is a market for various applications, including Internet companies
Industry, cloud computing enterprises, data centre service providers, government departments, financial institutions, medical field, telecommunications operator endai, means direct operation and processing of artificial intelligence algorithms on terminal equipment, allowing terminal equipment to process data locally, without the need to send data to cloud ends or server applications for processing.
The data centre and the cloud-sideai that operates on the cloud server is well-known for its combined cost-effectiveness, local reliability, privacy protection, and the prominence of personalized services. In the industry chain, the top-sideai market is a core technology and hardware provider responsible for providing data, algorithm framework, ai chip, transmission.
Hardware and software, such as sensors, processors, etc.; middle-stream is an end-ai integration, consisting mainly of system integration (end-ai devices) and platform services (end-ai large models); downstream is an application area, including, but not limited to, intelligence security, vehicle terminals, smartphones, etc.
Aai mobile phone/aipc: As major mobile phones are upgrading their production capacity as a high- and medium-end product, the smartphone industry chain is supported up and down from soft and hardware, etc., ai mobile phone is expected to penetrate rapidly. According to idc, the number of global ai mobile phone shipments reached 230 million in 2024.
The rate is about 19%; by 2028, the global volume of ai cellular traffic will be 910 million, and the four-year capr will be 41%. As the aipc plans of major processors move forward, many aipcs are on the market or push the pc switch cycle.
Aai Glasses: Aai Glasses achieve information processing, environmental perception, and intelligence services by integrating chips, sensors, and software systems. They project information directly on lenses, providing navigation, commodity recognition, motion monitoring, voice communication, etc.
There are a wide range of applications in daily life and work that satisfy the user’s need for smart wear devices. There are three types of i-glass products: audio-ai smart glasses, photo-ai smart glasses and ar+ai smart glasses.
Chart 18 shows the pattern of three ai-glass products, and the mainstream hardware manufacturer's products continue to evolve, with large numbers of technocrats distributed. In 2024, brands such as Rokid, snap, meta, Pepsi, booktech, Thunderbird Innovation, Lightning Technology, xreal, etc.
At the same time, technology giants such as Samsung, Oppo, vivo, Huaisu, tweaking, and byte beats are also active in the layout of the ai-glasses project. The i-glass market is expected to meet high-speed release periods.
The market is expected to grow at a high rate, from 240,000 to 90 million, with an annual compound growth rate of 133%. According to the structure of the shipment, in 2024, a picture of ai, audioai, and arai glasses is shown in figure 20 (2023-2030e)
Figure 21 Global Ai Glass Volume Structure (2024) 2.2 Collapse screens become a new trend in smartphone development, and folding screen phones are now new to the smartphone market with their higher technical thresholds and high value added attributes
By August 2024, all major manufacturers, except apples, had reached at least three folding screen cell phones, and the engine performance parameters were constantly improving. According to idc, global folding screen cellular output will increase from 25 million to 45.7 million in 2024-2028, with annual compound growth rates.
As many as 16%; China's folding screens will increase from 10.7 million to 17.3 million, with annual composite growth rates of carbon fibre-structured devices contributing to the thinning of the folding screens. The current design of mobile phones for folding screens is divided mainly into performance-oriented, lightly oriented and lightly all-powerful. Domestic head manufacturers have crossed a single line.
A light phase, with more flagship features added to fold screen phones, the design of products is beginning to move in a light, full-power direction, and will be the main trend in the future. Carbon fibre composites, because of their high intensity, low density, high-modulus e.g., are superior to the thickness of the current folding screen phones.
It's a natural advantage to have market concerns such as the durability of the chain, the creases, and so on.
(c) Optimizing hardware equipment such as batteries,
Clarity rises, folds are good, spare parts are small, high, components are lighter.
Video entertainment: upscaling video, e-books, e-books, e-books.
Remote office: optimized large-screen videoconferencing grounds. Self-reflection: experience with the use of more landscaped hardware equipment; optimized folding machines for short periods
The fluidity of comic book reading, the immersion, the re-engineering of hardware such as chains, screens, batteries, the optimization of user's experience.
Optimizing video, reading screens, half-downs, office use experiences, such as closer to computers and adjustments, which reduce the weight of the plane.
The pc mode and the compatibility of the office components used to extend the screen application type
The hardware design of the head manufacturer has been passed over light, all-power, performance-oriented.
Light, all-power, light-guided, top-screened cell phones with their straight-board technology.
The product was designed to be light, but the head manufacturer has gone beyond a single test of lightness to carry a strong and comprehensive one.
At the same time, part of the function did, and the search turned to impeccable and lightness, and yes, but not heavy on weight reduction.
It's a heavy design concept. Some of the flagship products are in a trade-off, and the functionality is still to be improved, and the technology inputs make the product heavier.
It's a thin foundation, and it affects the portability and lightness of the product, and it's a sign that folding screen phones are already in place.
A new phase of light and full energy. 2.3 human robots are expected to become a new carrier, and advanced technologies, such as adult industrial intelligence, high-end manufacturing, new materials, are expected to be the next calculation.
As artificial intelligence matures and the machine industry develops rapidly, the global human robotics industry moves into golden age and the market size continues to grow. According to the Chinese Institute of Industrial Research, the global human robotics industry rules 2023-2028.
The model will increase from $2.2 billion to $20.6 billion, with an annual composite growth rate of 57 per cent; China's human robotics industry; Figure 25 Global human robotics industry size (2023-2028e); Figure 26 China's human robotics industry size (2023-2028e)
Parts and components are supplied upstream of the industrial chain of human robotics, and core parts and components include harmonics, inflexibility, rectulators, empty-heart cups, planetary rollers, encoders, sensors, bearings, structural parts, etc.; midstream design, manufacturing and testing processes for human robots: downstream applications include industrial manufacturing, disaster rescue, risk, etc.
Risk operations, intelligent logistics, security patrols, service entertainment, etc.
Smart terminal component manufacturers can be divided into four main categories: electronic component manufacturers, mechanical component manufacturers, structural components manufacturers and functional parts manufacturers. 1) Electronic component manufacturers: mainly providing chips, storages, audio frequency discharges, electrical resistions, capacitors, connectors, etc.; 2) machine component manufacturers: mainly providing both electrical and electrical power in smart terminals.
Sub-related and structural-related materials, including screens, cameras, speakers, motors, flexible circuit boards, etc.; 3) Structural components manufacturers: plastics or hardware components related to end-size, structural appearances, plastics or hardware components that provide protection and support mainly in terms of high-size accuracy, high surface quality, high performance requirements, etc.: 4) functional device manufacturers: primary
Products that provide a range of specific functions, including hardening, sealing, heat conductor, buffer, insulation, shielding, labelling, and companies have significant advantages in the production of sophisticated functional devices. The precision devices industry addresses the need for standardized production and downstream consumption of entire generation of electronics and components by upstream suppliers of materials.
There is a contradiction between the high customization, high automation and high sophistication of products. Ingenuity has a large production scale and a high level of continuous supply capacity that can meet the demand of individual customers for different types of products and a large number of customers in a timely manner, in the development of sophisticated molds, core production technologies, new product development and technological innovation.
In recent years, there has been a continuous upward and downward extension, with upstream and upstream acquisitions of gyro-magnetized magnetic materials, downstream drifting through the accumulation of small pieces gradually moving into modules and assembly, achieving the advantage of automating most of the products. Under the artificial intelligence wave, the ai terminal is surrounded by chips, storage, heat transfer, batteries and power upgrades.
As the world’s leading core supplier of ai terminal hardware, companies can provide one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions for sophisticated functions, structures, modules, etc., with downstream applications covering intelligence.
In the field of mobile phones, laptops, wearable equipment, xr, etc.ai terminal equipment, radiant products: companies already have radiative parts such as heat pipes, hormonal panels, emptied heat modules, water, cooling modules, graphite, conductor gaskets, research and development, production capacity and systems of products related to the conductor.
The company ' s stainless steel super thin vc heat board and radiator solutions are loaded with high end mobile phone types and yield. ● Carbon fibre products: company carbon fibre structures are a key part of the screen support board and are highly powerful.
The product is 0.15 - 0.2 mm thick by heat pressure of the thermal solid carbon fibre material. The relevant folding screens and other medium- and high-end mobile phone models of industry head-head customers have been used for corporate carbon fibre.
iv. Dressed intelligently: the company provides core components such as soft function devices, plastics, dissipated heat solutions, chargers, etc. to head customers in the global xr field.
Powerful power sources and storage capacity: Company subsidiary Selkon makes full use of the capabilities and production experience in the development of floor transformers to provide better design options for clients and products. Robots: companies have core technical capabilities in robotic design, manufacturing and applications, and
The Automated Program design and other systems integration service capabilities, such as human robotics, with high intensity and durability, have helped a large front-line factory solve problems with hardware such as radiation. The company has signed with Hansonroboticslimited.
A memorandum of understanding between the two sides will be developed for the optimization of the design of human robots, mass production tests, etc. In addition, in the case of robots, the company's subsidiaries began to develop industrial robots in 2009 and, as the product is upgraded, will gradually develop core components such as the rv speed cutter, the motion controller, the server drive and the plc.
So far, the aperiprin has accumulated more than 400 patents in the field of technology development and innovation, and has produced a product of 5 series of 10 robots, containing 6 models of self-reflectors and 2 series of 6 self-reflection controllers.
Services of products such as structural, metal-structured, pneumatic and soft-packed structures, with mature cooperative experience in the design of man-shaped robots, smart hand designs, mass-production tests, etc.
Figure 32 The profile of the smart products of the capricorns 3 cars, the light-voltage industry, the second and third-growth curve, the global market for new energy vehicles continues to grow robustly.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, up 36 per cent from the same year, increased their share of global sales to 71 per cent. Vettank expects to sell 22.4 million new energy vehicles globally in 2025, of which 16.5 million will be in China and 44.05 million in 2030.
As an important component of a new energy motor battery. The market size of the power cell structure has expanded from year to year. Lithium cell structures include a core cap, steel/aluminium casings, positive/negative sub-soft connections, battery-connected soft discharges, etc., which transmit energy, carry an electrolyte, protect safety, fixed support batteries, look, etc.
The global market for power cell structural units is expected to reach 76.8 billion yuan in 2025, according to the data from thevtank. In the material cost composition of the power lithium cell, the precise structural units account for between 10 and 16% of the material cost.
Chart 34 Composition of New Energy Automotive Battery Parts The company, with its leading sophisticated manufacturing, R & D design and business outreach capabilities, has rapidly emerged in the power cell structure sub-sector, becoming a major supplier of high-standard products to large new energy customers in North America.
In August, a subsidiary of the company signed a nomination agreement with a company of power cells under the flag of an entire German car manufacturer to supply power cell panels, mounds, and related plastics and pressurizations, the successful implementation of the agreement is expected to increase cumulatively the company’s revenues from 2025 to 2029 by approximately RMB 2.2 billion.
Product lines, such as auto-distribution modules, chargers, and vehicle chargers. Companies now have competitive advantages in precision manufacturing, R & D design capabilities, and in the production of cellular structures such as core aluminium casings, caps, transfer tablets, and other sophisticated car-related structures such as flexible, soft connections, inductive plastics, etc.
Figure 37 is a milestone in the development of smart automobile operations. Photovoltaics are technologies that use solar energy to convert photovoltaic energy into electric energy. The photovoltaic system consists of solar panels, battery panels, panel connectors, invertors, panel arrays, panel controllers, etc.
Battery panels are the core components of a photovoltaic system that converts solar energy into direct current power, and reverse transforms electricity into exchange power for use by households or businesses. Photovoltage technology is a clean, renewable energy source with environmental, energy-efficient, economic and other advantages and is widely used in the fields of home, enterprise, industry, industry, etc.
Data from the International Energy Agency (IEA) show that in 2024, 350gw was added to the global light voltage, and it is expected that the global light voltage will pass by 1,100gw in 2030, with a 21 per cent annual compound growth rate.
The PV industrial chain is composed of raw materials, including silicon ore, silicon, silicon, silicon, silver slurry, etc.; in the industrial chain, the PV system consists mainly of solar panels (assemblies), controllers, batteries (necessary), reverse transformers, etc., where solar panels are made up of batteries and battery assemblies; and in the lower part of the industrial chain it is composed of solar panels.
The company’s main products are micro-reversers, power optimisers, storage pcs, and photovoltaic network communication modules.
Clients in the field work together to develop and provide substitute services for new products such as micro-photo-reverse transformers. Companies also have the overall capacity to produce new storage products such as outdoor storage power sources.
A deep accumulation of capabilities, etc., rapidly boosts market shares.
The company ' s main business consists of three main categories: the ai terminal, the automobile and the low-altitude economy and other operations: the al terminal: the company ' s al terminal business includes image display, materials, battery power, heat management (dispersed heat), the ai glasses and xr wearable equipment, the fine product assembly and other, and the related seven broad subcategories of sensors and related modules.
The high demand for mobile phones, pc, tablets, mr, robotic-related precisions, structures, and modules is expected to result in high growth in the company’s performance of related products. Given the significant increase in the company’s revenue model for new products, there is still a certain gap in profitability compared to the previous business.
Cars and low-altitude economies: The global market for new energy vehicles continues to grow, with companies raising their share of the market for automobile products. Corporate power cell structures are rising rapidly, and product lines such as auto-dischargers, chargers, and car-loaders are expected to expand.
Corporate motor product performance is expected to grow robustly: at the same time, scalding production is expected to provide some scope for decline, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to recover. So, we assume that the company’s automobile and low-altitude economics business, and others: the company’s other product categories consist mainly of 5g products, clean energy products, and the exacerbation that has taken place.
Tactical module operations. We assume that the demand for al is less than expected, the company's research and development is less than expected, the prices of raw materials are volatile, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the management of funds, the Investment Department of the Bolt Foundation, etc., have eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.