Net profits increased by 354 per cent, heavy-pound companies grew and the company ' s Hpv3 and 4-priced Hpv vaccine sales kept up with expectations, maintaining rapid growth: 1 September, a total of about 4.8 million MNDs were issued, of which 730,000 were completed by mid-September
Issuance. Taking into account the sales cycle, we assume that the actual sales of the company's three-quarters of triple seedlings were about 4 million, with about 5 million expected to be sold throughout the year. The first three quarters of Hpv were awarded a total of 3.8 million. As the issuances for the three quarters were concentrated in August.
At the beginning of September, considering the state of supply and demand in the market, we believe that the distribution in January-September was approximately the same as the previous three quarters 9-priced Hpv vaccine and the spread of the 5-priced Hpv vaccine, which would result in an incremental performance for the company: 300,000 copies of the 9-price hpv batch issued in the previous three quarters.
Females, based on data from the sixth census, are estimated to have a population of about 100 million, 30 million stock market spaces if the penetration rate is 10 per cent and three needles per person, with the product winning price at $1298. The market space generated by 30 million is 39 billion.
RMB. Another product of the five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is the Twilight Agent, and the purchase agreement that has been signed now makes clear: $247 million for 2018-2021, 6.5, 949 million and 1.3 billion dollars, compared to the previous purchase agreement (approximately 350 million yuan for the first year of listing, increased from year to year, and placed on the market).
84,000, which will lead to an increase in company performance as products are marketed further. 297 per cent of the rate of growth, followed by a higher volume of heavy products, the company's business performance is good and future performance is positive
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect that from 2018 to 2020, the company will be part of the parent company's net rotational virus vaccine.
The Division has a strong marketing and extension capability and a clear channel advantage. We therefore maintain an “uptake” rating.
Review: Irresistance of the sale of 9-priced seedling risk events by Jiffy Bioagents. hpv vaccine, company product gradients are reasonable.
2.1. The sale of the company ' s triple seedlings and the 4-priced Hpv vaccine was in line with expectations, and the maintenance of the rapid growth of the “vaccine event” had a negative impact on the vaccine industry, but its impact on the smart-flying organisms was relatively small, with rapid growth in the first three quarters of the company ' s production of the triple seedlings and the 4-priced Hpv vaccine.
During January-September, a total of about 4.8 million UDPs were issued, of which 730,000 were issued by mid-September. Taking into account factors such as the sales cycle, we assume that the company actually sold about 4 million UDPs in the previous three quarters, and that about 5 million are expected to be sold throughout the year.
In early September, taking into account the state of supply and demand in the market, we thought that sales in January-September would be about the same amount as the previous three-quarter batches. Based on the company’s current sales, sales are expected to reach 5 million throughout the year. 2.2.9-priced hpv vaccine and 5-priced rotavirus vaccine were successfully rolled out, which would add to the company’s performance.
According to the data from the sixth census, the female population in this age group is estimated to be 100 million, with a penetration rate of 10% and a injection rate of three shots per person, and 30 million stock market spaces, with a winning price of $129.8 million.
The five-priced rotavirus vaccine is another product of the wise-flying biological agent, and the purchase agreements that have been signed are now clear: $247 million for 2018-2021, 6.5, 949 and 1.3 billion, compared to the previous purchase agreements (first on the list).
Some 84,000 batches have now been issued, and as the product is further marketed, it will result in an increase in the company’s performance. Sales and management cost rates continue to decline, company efficiency continues to rise, and nine-price hpv and five-priced rotating vaccines are on the market and sales continue to rise.
Corporate sales and management costs (taking into account R & D costs) have all declined significantly, in our view mainly because of the company’s capacity to channel and the fact that marketing and extension costs have not increased in proportion to income.
And it also leads to a decline in the cost of management. Figure 3: The cost of sales and the cost of management of the smart-flying creature 2013-2018q3, which we consider to be excellent, with heavy-pound products coming out successively, and which are rich in research, supported by medium- and long-term growth.
Research and development projects have failed to meet the expected risks, the risk of bad receivables, and the uncertainty of vaccine risk events. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory board.