HIFO BIO (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences Basic Procurements hpv increased significantly and performance contributed more than expected
Event: Corporate announcement with Mossadon signing a four-price, nine-price hpv base purchase agreement, a medium- and long-term smart-flying exclusive agency for the country's Mossadon hpv and other varieties, and a substantial increase in the volume of purchases beyond market expectations, which is still above our best expectations in the whole market.
The Hpv volume is expected to increase significantly, gradually reducing the country’s stock shortage.
The actual sales will be slightly behind the base purchase amount, i.e. the actual receipts/profits will be slightly less than our calculated income/profits. For a detailed measurement, see the post-document chart.
1) 2) Strong win-win cooperation, smart-flying locks on the medium- and long-term Meshadong exclusive vaccine in the country. Pounds worth looking for. 2018/10/19 Proxy: National policy states that imported vaccine companies can only choose a vaccine agent in the country.
Ji Fei Bian (300122) "Stakeholder II sells all its vaccine products without change; and this agent can be the importing vaccine industry itself, looking at the company's continued high growth in its performance."
To form (i.e. to sell itself), it can be a domestic agent, but only one option.
Wikito (300122) "The ec diagnostic report has been made and the likelihood of future conversion to self-sale is low, so the vaccine imported by Mercerton will be processed in the future, and the joint microcard will build the strongest system of tuberculosis diagnosis."
All represented by Ji Fei, the business can be valued! 3) Nine-price hpv is expected to be released to ease the country's stock shortage: the previous Hpv proxy agreement between the company and Mossatón is nine-priced hpv elastic.
It is not indicated that the main reason for the underlying purchase was the insufficient capacity of the nine-price hpv packaging line, Mossadón, where the expected difference in the value of the pipeline would be greater than or equal to four, but for the sake of conservativeness, the four price would be maintained for the time being.
The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replace the heb single seed, the ac combination, and are expected to make a super-contribution.
(a) 1.1 billion net profits; a peak of Hpv vaccine (nine plus four) is expected to contribute more than 3 billion net profits;
Profit predictions and investment proposals. While the market is focusing on the powerful agent business, it ignores the company's own R & D pipeline over the years, and we actually predict a net profit of over 8 billion dollars in the future, with its own product accounting for 55%.
Cash is expected to exceed 10 billion dollars. Given that the company has set aside a portion of the Hpv vaccine for 18 years in case a lack of supplies causes a second and third dose of Hpv, we fine-tune 18 years of net profit of billions (60 times) and 120 billion (40 times).
Long-term growth space will be opened to maintain a “buy-in” rating. (Note: Hpv vaccines will need to be issued by mid-point before they are marketed, so actual sales will lag behind base purchases, i.e. actual revenues/profits will be slightly less than we measured.)
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.