On 18 October, the company released its third quarter report for 2018: first three quarters, net profit from the mother, net profit.
The main strains continue to be released, looking at the nine-priced Hpv vaccine, the five-priced rotation vaccine elasticity of performance The company o3 achieved revenue, net profit for mothers, net profit for withholdings, 1,423 million, 404 million and 410 million, with 4.805 million approved for the previous three quarters, and is expected to make a profit of 600 million through the year.
The Hpv vaccine, which was fast-tracked in the provinces of Hainan, Guangdong, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Liaoning, has now been issued.
q4 is expected to accelerate the release in nearly 10 provinces such as Shaanxi and Liaoning. \Trangleright \Trangleright
Growth in expansion and R & D inputs, but sales costs are still well below the growth rate of the camp. Nodule detection immunisation phase, R & D ladder line layout \triangleright \triangleright
In the area of nodules, the production of the cow branch bacterium vaccine has been included in the list of priority reviews and has now completed a pharmacological and pharmacological review and is expected to be marketed early next year; the diagnostic reagent ec has been certified and is expected to be used in the future for upper secondary and university entrance examinations for a total of 40 million people, as well as for partial self-censorship.
The market space is over 2 billion: in addition, the vaccine for recombinant recombinant tuberculosis (aec/bc02) for increased immunization is in its first phase, the clinical application for an inoculation of BCG in Pine has been approved, and the company has been closed in the field of tuberculosis detection immunization. Other potential heavy-pound varieties are also well under way, with a 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine and a frozen dry rabies vaccine.
(mrc-5 cell) Clinical preparations are at the clinical stage with double-priced dysentery vaccine, 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine.
39, 27, 22 times the equivalent: companies value less than comparable companies in the vaccine industry ... maintain a “recommended” rating ... Industrial policy changes; product batch issuances are not as fast as expected; R & D is not progressing as expected.
Reported production accepted, nodule layout breached again. 2. " Twilight Flying Biological (300122): Performance meets expectations. " 3. " Twilight Flying Biological (300122): BCG was approved.
Bed, steady progress in the chain layout of the nodule industry. Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements. Yuan, Sühei, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.