On 5 November, the company issued an announcement that the company had signed Hpv vaccines (including 4 and 9-price Hpv) with Mercado.
The agreement further adjusted and determined its consolidated base procurement volume, with a clear base procurement volume for the first half of 2019, 2020 and 2021, with a maximum expected net profit of nearly 3 billion
The company signed two agreements with Mercerton in September 2017 and May 2018, locking in two Hpv vaccines for exclusive distribution in mainland China. After this agreement was signed, the company’s base purchases became clearer.
\triangleright 4- and 9-price hpv vaccines have been fast-tracked since their approval in May 2017 and May 2018. Of these, 4 billion dollars. Nine-price hpv vaccines have been marked in more than 10 provinces and cities, including Sichuan, Hainan, Zhejiang, Shandong, Guangdong and Shanghai.
So far, 305 million have been issued, a conservative estimate of more than half a million batches throughout the year, contributing more than $100 million in profits. Currently, four-priced vaccines have been approved for the 20-45-year-old population, while nine-priced vaccines cover 16-26-year-old women, making them complementary to the age ladder, further consolidating the company’s advantage in the cervical cancer-prevention market.
With the exception of the Hpv vaccine, the company ' s 3-spinners have been steadily released, and this year 4.805 million have been issued, five-priced rotations have been issued, and 84,000 have been made available to the public, resulting in significant performance elasticity in the development of pipelines.
The list of priority reviews has been included and is expected to be marketed early next year; the diagnostic reagent ec has been accepted and is expected to be used in the future for a total of 40 million upper secondary and university entrance examination and partial self-censorship, with more than 2 billion market space; most tuberculosis vaccines are in the clinical stage and companies have closed in the field of tuberculosis detection immunization.
It is also well under way, with 15-priced pneumonia in combination with vaccine and frozen dry rabies (mrc-5 cells) in clinical preparation, dysentery double-priced vaccine and 23-priced pneumoconiosis multi-sugar vaccine at clinical stage.
2. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): ec diagnostic reagents reported for production, nodule layouts breached again 3. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): performance met expectations,
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.