Signing of Hpv vaccine purchase agreement for company performance growth Incidence: signing of Hpv vaccine-related agreement with Mossatung, further adjusting and confirming
The global sale of the hpv vaccine has grown well, and our market is wide: the sales of the Mossa East hpv vaccine on the international market have largely increased year by year since 2011, at nine prices in 2015.
After a peak in sales each year, the four-priced and nine-priced vaccines have a clear competitive advantage, and there are reasons to expect a similar situation in the domestic market. The first three quarters of the four-price hpv vaccine were issued with a total of 3.8 million. Since three-quarter batches were concentrated in August-early September, consideration was given to the city.
On the basis of the company's current sales, it is expected to reach 5 million sales a year. When the price of 9 is marketed, the main market for 4 prices we think will be concentrated on women aged 26-45, according to the Demographic Yearbook.
It is estimated that there are about 160 million women in this age group, and the market space is still larger. If the penetration rate of this segment of the population is 10%, there are about 48 million stock market spaces, considering the winning price of $798 per penny, and the market as a whole is 38 billion.
The product is aimed primarily at women aged 16 to 26 years. According to the data from the sixth census, the female population in that age group is estimated to be 100 million. If the penetration rate is 10%, with three shots per person, there are 30 million stock market spaces, the winning price of the product is 1298.
In 2019, according to the purchase agreement, the company will purchase Hpv vaccine products totalling $5.507 billion. If the Hpv vaccine is 45% Māori, the price of the vaccine will be higher than the price of the vaccine.
The company's sales revenue in 2019 will be $10 billion. If 6.5 million of these are 4-priced Hpv 1, "Twiss Flying Bios" (3000122): Net Benefit Vaccines (the winning price is $798/barrel), 9-priced Hpv Vaccines (the winning price is $1,298/barrel)
We believe that the Hpv vaccine deficit is large, the market space is wide, the rate of growth is 354%, and the volume of heavy-pound products is high. With the purchase agreement, the supply of future products is guaranteed, and the company’s performance is rapidly increasing.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to have a good business performance and future performance from 2018 to 2020 as a net share of its parent company.
Excellent, heavy-pound products have been rolled out successively, with a wealth of research products and support for medium- and long-term growth. The Department’s marketing capacity is strong, with clear channel advantages. We therefore maintain an “upscaling” rating.
It is expected to contribute to the growth of corporate performance The risk of bad debts, the uncertainty of vaccine risk events The company issued a public announcement that the smart-flying creature signed an Hpv-related vaccine agreement with Mercado to further adjust and determine
Combined base procurement of Hpv vaccine, which the company is representing: global sales of products 55.07, 2.1.hpv vaccine were well on the rise in 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively, and continued to grow steadily for the second largest vaccine product, the annual nine-priced vaccine.
After the peak, the four-priced and nine-priced vaccines have a clear competitive advantage, and there is reason to expect that the domestic market will also have a successful distribution of 2.2.hpv vaccines, and that the market is wide in the month and early September, taking into account the supply and demand state of the market, we believe that the sales for the months of January-September are approximately equivalent to the bulk issuance data for the previous three quarters.
According to the company’s current sales, sales are expected to reach 5 million during the year. After nine listings, the market space is still larger in the main market of 60 million people at a price of four. If the penetration rate of this segment of the population is 10%, there are about 48 million stock market spaces, taking into account the winning price of $798 per cent, and the market as a whole is 38 billion.
According to the data from the sixth census, the female population in this age group is estimated to be 100 million, with a penetration rate of 10% and a injection rate of three shots per person, and 30 million stock market spaces, with a winning price of $129.8 million.
2.3. The new procurement agreement gives certainty to the firm ' s rapid growth in its performance. Under the purchase agreement, the company will purchase Hpv vaccine products totalling $5,507 million in 2019.
With a 45% rate, Hpv's sales revenue in 2019 would be 10 billion. If 6.5 million of them were to have a 4-priced Hpv vaccine (the winning price is $798/approach), the sales volume of the 9-price Hpv vaccine (the winning price is $1298/approach) would have been about as high as we thought we had a Hpv vaccine gap and a wide market space.
Supply is guaranteed, and firm performance is growing more firmly. 2.4. Corporate sales of triple and five-priced rotavirus vaccines are stable and will increase steadily. In January-September, a total of about 4.8 million doses were issued, of which 730,000 were completed by mid-September.
Taking into account factors such as the sales cycle, we assume that the actual sales of the company’s 3D seedlings in the previous three quarters were about 4 million, and that it is expected to reach about 5 million during the year. The five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is yet another product of the Twisdom Agent, and the purchase agreement that has been signed is clear:
Purchases in 2018-2021 amounted to $247, 6.5, 949 million and 1.3 billion, compared to previous procurement agreements (the first on the market has now achieved the issuance of about 84,000 lots, which will result in an increase in corporate performance as products are further marketed.
The risk of product price reductions, the risk that R & D projects will fall short of expectations, the risk of bad accounts receivable, the vaccine wind.