Intelligent (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences perform well as expected, with heavy strains of species to be expected.
Events: Three quarterly reports issued by the company: $3.495 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, and $3.495 billion in Hpv, which led to high and sustained growth.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) According to data, as of mid-October, about 4.81 million batches (17 batches of 4.7 million throughout the year) had been issued and the bulk issuances had been successful in ensuring adequate supply; 2) hpv batches had been issued in a step-by-step manner
Relieving the supply deficit: estimated Hpv sales for the first three quarters of the year at around 3 million, 9 for Ji Fei Bien (300122) and about 100,000 for no change in stockholders, contributing a total of 7-750 million net profits, and expected Hpv vaccines throughout the year
More than a billion dollars in net profits. Four-price hpv is issued for a total of about 4.15 million, - 2018/10/07 for about 300,000, and four-price hpv is expected to slow down supply.
In addition to the other autonomous and proxy vaccines, the joint microcards are expected to build the maximum tuberculosis treatment system.
In the last three quarters, it was about 40-50 million net profits.
The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replace the heb single seed, the ac combination, and are expected to outperform -- 2018/08/14.
1.1 billion net profits: Hpv vaccine peaks (nine plus four) are expected to contribute more than 3 billion net profits: q4 velocities are expected to contribute rapidly over the next 1-2 years and are expected to contribute more than 500 million net profits after stabilization; and the weighting of varieties is well advanced to prevent the use of microcards, ec
The three-generation Elevator is expected to be on the market in 21 years, with a peak of about 3 million, contributing 1.2 billion net profit projections and investment proposals. The market, influenced by systemic market risks, has recently experienced a much greater volatility in its stock prices, and we believe that the market will gradually return to rationality and continue to explode in the company’s performance.
The medium-term vaccine operation is expected to contribute more than $8 billion in net profits, a reasonable valuation.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report