Events: On 30 October, the company published a tri-quarter report for 2018, in which it achieved business income of 23,372 million yuan, an increase of 11.12 per cent over the reporting period; total profits of 2,644 billion yuan, in the third quarter of 2018, in the amount of 8,116 million yuan, an increase of 9.68 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 201 per cent over the ring; total profits of 855 million yuan, an increase of 24.31 per cent over the previous three quarters of the company, a decrease in the cost of the ring, an increase in profits and a continuous improvement in key business targets.
(1.69 per cent) and the Māori rate of 31.71 per cent, a decrease of 2.94 pcts over the same period. The cost of the period (including R & D costs) was $4,113 million, a decrease of $152 million (3.6 per cent); The Zhou Jie Research Assistant continued to increase, mainly as a result of the lower costs of corporate sales and finance due to the higher proportion of companies in the JCJ and lower debt ratios.
Wang Chimin Research Assistant days + working days to collect accounts) 88.69 days, nine consecutive quarters of which have declined, have continued to increase operational capacity.
In West Mountain Coal Power (000983), the score is positive: Fire Coal Dragons perform well (2.04%); in a single season, the rate is 31.28%, the ring drops 1.3 pct, 1.49 pct less than the year. q3 costs (including R & D costs) are $1,514 million, compared to West Coal Power (000983), the annual report is steady.
The increase in costs during the q3 period is mainly due to management costs, with the ring ratio increasing by 131 million (23.73) to 683 million (including R & D costs), equal to the same amount. Corporate q3 income tax. West Mountain Coal Power (000983), Quarterly Report Review: Coal Dragons Performance at a pct. Corporate q3 management fees and income tax increased significantly, with three quarters of their performance being delayed, q3 net return to mother of 407 million yuan, a decrease of 0.49 billion yuan (10.72 per cent).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The supply of coal has been depressed, demand has improved, and prices have improved for four quarters of the company’s performance. The supply of coal has been limited by the collapse of multi-mine operations caused by the disaster in Shandong’s “long-coal mine” and the tightening of security surveillance, as well as the overproduction of Shanxi’s governance.
Equity price catalysts: higher economic growth than expected; higher supply-side reforms in the coal sector; and higher expectations in the corporate-state reform process. Risk factors: large macroeconomic slowdowns; and security accident risks.
Financial data on the front page of the \triangleright report Carbon, natural gas industrial chains, special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.