Researchchand developmentcenter brand revival, national expansion
After three years of internal growth, the country's growth, the country's expansion, and investment proposals: the accelerated release of the reform dividend and the successful start of the 14th Five.
Restructuring and marketing reforms, intra-barrel linkages, equity structure, internal governance issues addressed by Shanxi Liquor (600809), significant improvements in institutional mechanisms, significant improvements in business performance, compounding from 2017 to 2020
Over 30%, net profit compounding has increased by nearly 50%, creating a high-profile rate of wine. Looking back, in 2020, three-year-old Shanxi wines showed great resilience in the face of the epidemic, while continuing the product strategy of “catching both sides and carrying the middle” and using them to make it happen.
As a representative of the baboon-based white wine, the wine is one of China's four most famous wines, which was once a leader in the industry with an output advantage.
The company’s products are now covered by full price bands: the Saffron series’s secondary and higher end is central to high-end and nationalization; the middle end of Panama’s position is the main series of strong provincial market competitive advantages; and the lower end of Bolivia’s position is comparable to the national market for light bottles.
A strong competitive advantage. Since the country changed in 2017, companies have adopted a “two-head, one-way” strategy for their products: a major breakthrough in the development of Qing Liquor Consumers, driven by low-end bounties, and a significant increase in the market for Qingquiao; and a series of Qinghua as a high-end strategic product of the company, representing the Qinghai.
The branding of the wine is going to take place in the future. The Qinghua 30 Renaissance is a high-end representative of the company, based on brand power, who can raise the value of the branded white wine upwards.
In 2020, the company proposed a new strategic orientation on the path to the revival of the Chinese alcoholic spirit:
The concept of “Cultural Plus” is followed by the theory of “China's system for the management of drinking and spiritual beliefs.” On the basis of culture and quality, the company has accelerated the design of the nationalized market, using the “1357+10” strategy and expanding from the Rim West market to the country.
One million controlled terminal sites, with strong southward momentum. As the pace of corporate reform continues, the distribution structure has also made a breakthrough in terms of both quantity and quality, with an overall increase in the number of businesses, the number of strong businesses, the growth of new businesses, and the acceleration of business upgrading.
Looking ahead, marketing reforms will take up high-end branding, and the “1357+10” will be fully settled. The late 2020 wines will set out the development goals and tasks of phase XIV at the Global Dealers’ Congress.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. has a phase in which products focus on sprouts, almond villages, and the breeding of sprouts of sprucesco., ltd
To achieve the development of the south of the Yangtze and the transition to “1357” nationalization.
Sub-high-end market expansion Risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainty risk; increased risk due to competition in the industry
In 2021, the growth of companies southwards outpaced market expectations, and the rapid expansion of high-cost inputs into channels. In our view, the dividends of corporate reform are still accelerating, with wine as one of the four most famous wines with the memory and smell of time consumption.
In the broader context of sub-high-end expansion, the growing culture of the bovine has accelerated the spread of the flowers, nationalized the expansion of the country. After three years of internal restructuring and marketing, problems of intra-alcoholic linkages, equity structures, internal governance have been resolved, institutional mechanisms have improved significantly, and operations have been strengthened.
In 2020, the year of admission, rum also stood the test of the epidemic, demonstrating a strong “epidemic” power with long-term product strategies and market strategies. Corporate reform and development have developed a healthy interaction, and as a solid foundation for the revival of the wine, the dividends of change will remain.
In the past two years, based on the logic of price penetration, the soy sauce tropicals have expanded the sub-higher markets across the country, but for a short period of time.
In the medium-to-long term, the wine has a relatively high circulation rate, especially in the south of the Yangtze River, and in the form of high-end white wine. With the expansion of the sub-high-end industry, 20 cerebral flowers will have the opportunity to be quickly released and, with the atmosphere created in Bolivia, to speed up access to the national market.
The company’s 14th phase of development goals and tasks clearly indicate that the wine will undergo a profound adjustment over the next five years, with three stages of transformation, accelerated marketing, with products focused on ceremonial wine, almond villages, and the breeding of young alcohol and bamboo, and that the region will have a major development south of the Yangtze and then a transition to the nationalization of 1357.
In 2021, the company, which is based in the province and based on research from sources, completed about 6 billion sales in Shanxi by the end of September, and is now strictly enforcing the quota system, encouraging distributors to profit from the price, and tilting the cost to the 30-year revival.
In addition, the company continues to grow deep in the West End market, with higher performance growth in Henan, Hill East, Nemon, and Jinbei. During the autumn festival, Jiangsu, Chengdu, Guangdong, etc., have all received feedback, and the market for alcohol has made breakthrough progress, with the Great Northwest, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, the fastest growing regions, we anticipate.
In December 1993, the company was approved to be incorporated as a limited company, and in January 1994 at the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
To be listed, the first company to be listed in Shanxi Province, and the first to be listed in China's white wine industry. Toshio, Tang Dae-hwan's poet, “I ask where the wine is, and herding children refer to the village of almonds” has made the village of apricots and wine famous.
The market is mainly located on the main market (Sanxi) and on the three main pillars (Kyozu, Shiru, Xiaomong), which are now being distributed gradually to the south side of the Yangjiang market by 1.11994: the wine gene, the industry leader.
A long-standing wine-making culture known as the world’s great qualities. During the 1500 years of the north-south dynasty, the wine was highly admired as a palace wine by the Emperor of the North, and Book XI of the North Qi Xi, which reads: “The Emperor is in Jinyang, the King is in his hand: ‘I drink two cups of wine, and I advise you to drink two cups of wine.’” The name of the wine is the first to be heard. Evening Tang Da-hsang, the poet Doong-hing, the first poem of the Qing Ming poem.
A thousand years ago, "where there are winemakers, the shepherds refer to the village of apricots" reputed. Although the wine of the village was very different from the wine of the present in terms of the crafts, wine and fragrance, it is now the development, improvement and improvement of the winemaking process in the past. In 1949, the wine of the village of apricot was placed in the country's first politics before the opening ceremony.
It was the first national feast in the new China. It was then selected in five national wine contests, and it was chosen consecutively, highlighting the famous wine genes of the wine.
The country is still in the planning economy, and the supply-demand paradox determines the white wine-like pattern at that time. The white wine of the Qingixiang, owing to its short cycle, low food consumption, and high alcohol availability, has dominated the Chinese white wine market with its power.
In 1985, the wine factory became the country’s largest production base, reaching 8,000 tons, or half of the country’s 13 brands of white wine. In 1992, the wine factory had 25,000 tons of annual drinking wine, of which the country was a producer.
From 1988 onwards, the combined economic benefits of rum were ranked first in the country’s food and beverages industry for six years. During the period 1990–1993, company revenues grew steadily, with a total operating income of 33.11 per cent. The company successfully entered the market in 1993 with the reform of the stock system, making it the first share of white wine.
1.2 1994-1998: Strategic error, loss of position, company decision-making error, and high-end failure. In 1988, the State Department issued an advocacy outline for the liberalization of the price of tobacco and alcohol, the free pricing of the white wine industry, and the price of the famous wine factory was raised, and the price of the famous wine was doubled.
The rise led to a year-end national policy to restrict public consumption, a “one-size-fits-all-down” directive for 13 wines, and a fall in the price of wine. In 1993, the policy easing gave a new price increase for wine, but differences began to emerge in the strategy of wine manufacturers.
In 1995, the price fell again because of the price-raising error and the sharp drop in the amount of money sold after the price-raising, and the company did not stick to the high price route. As a result, the business income of the wine fell as a result of the “boncho” strategy error, which led to the loss of the first fake wine case, which hit the corporate image and affected the business.
Deaths, 222 people admitted to the hospital, many permanently blind, and nearly a thousand others suffering from other mild poisonings. The news reports “to persuade Komo to drink the wine of Shanxi” have caused serious damage to Shanxi's image, which had nothing to do with the fake alcohol case, and a 44.52 per cent drop in the 1998 harvest and a 92 per cent decline in the net profit of the mother.
Since 1999, companies have focused their marketing efforts on the Shanxi market, with a focus on the Chinese Northboard. The Shanxi phenomenon has been contained, regulating the market order and increasing its sales by nearly 50%;
A great deal of basic work was also carried out in key markets such as Hebei, Shandong, Henan, Tianjin, which sold $325 million in 1999 in the city of the Seven Provinces of North China, exceeding the company’s 1998 sales of wine throughout the year. In 2002, the company’s sales revenue recovered to its pre-1998 level.
In order to expand the market, the company has developed a variety of new products with distributors, using brand networks to strengthen the market. In 1998, the company’s business and industry jointly developed more than 10 new medium- and high-quality wine products.
In addition, the company made the purchase of brand names another important form of business association, with the introduction of a gross agent system for 38-degree and 53-degrees, which increased the sales of two varieties by 39 per cent in 1999 compared to 1998.
After the fake wine case, companies put greater emphasis on enhancing the quality of their products. In the procurement of the original materials, the “sunshine purchasing” strategy was implemented, and the bidding process, plant openness, and rigorous auditing were vigorously pursued.
In the meantime, companies have invested more than 10 million yuan in high-tech equipment abroad, significantly improved product quality analysis and testing tools, and carried out a wide range of scientific and technological campaigns.
The consumer tax, which began in May 2001, forced the entire white industry to move toward higher- and middle-end products. The company, on the one hand, reduced sales of low-grade white wine and, on the other hand, implemented brand innovation strategies and market development for new brands of high- and medium-grade white wine.
In addition, the group expanded the market for wines and health-care wines to 3,000 tons of dry white and dry red wine production, authorized to operate and reactivate brand names, as represented by the "three rare wines" . In 2002, 12 large state-owned enterprises were authorized to operate by the Shanxi People's Government.
With the new team of business leaders, an innovative leadership group and office have been set up to study the design and implementation of institutional design programmes, three institutional reforms, and innovations in business management mechanisms.
Bold innovation. Firms strictly regulate corporate governance by chapter, creating a modern business system that will help them to move quickly to a modern business management system.
After several years of operation, the company’s share of out-of-town sales has gradually recovered to over 40%, with Henan and Hebei marketing areas together accounting for 80% of the out-of-town market. In addition, the company continues to provide strong support to potential markets such as Beijing, Zhejiang, Guangdong, and Northeast.
Since 2002, the company has made major adjustments in the product structure, with the “upscaling, mid-pointing, low-end” as the main line that cuts through it, forming four main product extension lines, including the national collection of wine, and the green market.
High-end products such as ceramics, middle-end products such as old white platinum, potential products such as bamboo leaf wine, and lower-end products such as bologna. Companies are also entering the growing fast track, where high- and medium-end products perform well in the market and contribute significantly to growth. In 2006, the middle- and high-end products of the public administration accounted for about 50.5% of sales and nearly 75% of sales earnings.
After 2002, rums raised the banner of wine and culture, revived the millennium wine culture, dug the full content of the brand culture of the "Spoke Village 1", and launched a series of brand cultural marketing activities, such as the two-year-long almond village book-and-law competition and the "Apricot village Chinese painting competition" and the establishment of the nation's first "China Liquor Culture Academic Work"
Motion Bases, the selection of the "First Intangible Cultural Heritage Directory of our country" by the village of almonds, and the active declaration of the world's intangible cultural heritage, among others, show the emphasis on the extraction and dissemination of alcohol and brand culture in brand marketing. Figure 11: Intra- and out-provincial sales increased faster than in-provincial sales in 2004-2005
In 2007, under the equity-sharing reform commitment, the former limited terms-of-sale equity reform helped to form and consolidate the basis of common interest for all shareholders, further improving corporate governance, enhancing the allocation and use of funds, and promoting brand values.
In order to enhance brand value and identify the market boundaries, the branding of the wine is diverse, the marketing system is diverse, and market order is disrupted by the agreed distribution of the wine, its sale and tagging. In order to raise brand value and make the market clear, the wine began to stop supplying low-end glass bottles. However, because of the large market in Shanxi Province, the group finally decided in 2008 to limit itself to the mountains.
In the Western Province, the supply of bolognas and the promotion of Chinese and Chinese wine in the national market, based on the old white ones, and the use of national collections as an image product. As a result of the “interfiltration” of the brand markets of groups and companies, there is a degree of confusion in consumer perceptions of brands, the group and the company have further demarcated brand boundaries: listed companies sell wine, bamboo, and so on.
Leaf Qing and his series of wines; the group is responsible for the development and sale of branded wines such as Cinderella, Apricot Villages, and Old White Shirts. The channel sells blood for sale, making a comprehensive distribution of the provincial and out-of-country areas. In 2007, the wine was rooted in the provincial market.
The distribution system is fragmented, the prices of products are high, and the first quarter of 2008 was poor. So it was decided to exchange blood for the distribution of channels: self-employment, supported by development, differentiated and personalized business associations and products, raising the threshold for distributors; cutting off products that are less than $5 million sold for thinner products;
There is no longer a provincial general distributor, no price contract, and no price promotion is prohibited. The period of white wine gold was seized, and it went to the mid-to-high market.
The structure of the product, which is basically high, medium and low end alcohol 2:6. However, the performance of sales outside the province is still poor, so in March 2008, the company changed the general manager of the marketing company, the new leader took up his post and made an appropriate adjustment to the sales and agency prices of some of the products listed in the liquor department, with a difference in the price of one third of the medium product, the main one.
The 2008 measures started with an 11% increase in business income in the second half of the year, compared with a 38% decline in the first half of the year. More clarity on brand positioning and greater concentration.
Positive results have been achieved in combing and end-control: fewer brands have been developed, with only 10 brands remaining for old whites; block sales have been made to prevent inter-area run-off; prices for developed products have been raised so that their own brands and development brands show up at the end price; and products have been coded and subject to strict price controls.
The company eventually positioned the brand as "the source of wine, the father of Qing Xiangixiang, the highest of culture." Aimed at the upper end, it pushed the line of products steadily. As the product line gradually moved to the upper end, it sold 70% to the upper middle, right, and gradually outpaced the lower end.
Since 2009, the company's main product, Cinderella and Old Shirts, has been growing, and the low-end wine slows out of the market as the habits of the meal increase. The country's wines continue to be high-end, and in 2010 the Cinderellas launched two products, 20 and 40 years, and the Old Shirts launched “Fool” and “Fifteen years of sealing” to fill the price gap and fully level the production line.
Intra-provincial markets have grown steadily, with the revival of the extra-provincial market and the initial results of the adjustment. The central white wine has become highly regionalized, and the development of the Shanxi coal economy has led to a rapid growth of the provincial market. Management has reformed channels, the provincial focus has sunk the market, and the outside has shifted from brand agents to regional agents, where it is appropriate to introduce staple products with local special supplies.
The company divides the national market into nine regions: Shanxi, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Henan, Shandong, Shaanxi, Nemon and Guangdong, each with a corresponding regional manager responsible for managing it, thereby enhancing its management and guidance of distributors. In 2011, the off-provincial market grew more than expected, mainly in Panhua North, and in the first quarter it completed its sales in 2010.
The main driving force was the sharp increase in demand in the markets of China, Beijing, Shaanxi, Shandong, Henan, etc., and the adjustment strategy outside the province, which was beginning to bear fruit, with the number of markets at the provincial level increasing to seven. The introduction of a new marketing concept and the “belief marketing” took over the highlands.
The company hired Shengchull as a marketing consultant, using a regional distribution system, deep distribution, new marketing models, extended channels into cities above the county level, expanded people and channels, sunk teams and actively promoted group purchasing; and, for the first time, signed a Distribution Contract with the Silver Foundation to root up high-end markets. For the first time, the company proposed a “belief marketing” that would divide the country's markets.
For the markets around the mountain west, the dominant market and the barrier market, strategies are adapted to the local context, the country's markets are widely distributed, and sales are occupied. In the face of major changes in the environment, sales have declined significantly, with a focus on clearing stocks. Since the end of 2012, policies such as “3-M3” have taken a heavy toll on the middle- and high-end white wine.
At the same time, increased competition from the provinces, particularly in MERCOSUR, has resulted in a marked decline in sales and a build-up of more stocks. Thus, starting in the fourth quarter of 2013, companies have not continued to press on the channel, but have instead moved to digest the channel stock and restore market marketing, which by the end of 2014 had fallen to a reasonable level of dealers’ stock within two months.
Figure 18: Revenues from large environmental impacts, profits continue to decline, subsidiaries continue to mix and deep-seated e-commerce. In response to sales dilemmas, the new sales company general manager took up his post and undertook a radical reform. In June 2014, the multi-equity structure 's too-prime liquor company was established and continued to grow further in 2015.
At the same time, a mobile terminal platform has been set up to create a “bread on-line” mobile terminal, and an e-commerce company to explore innovative models such as creative systems, direct sales of electricity, telemarketing, direct sales of television, and direct sales of web-based marketing channels.
The product structure has stabilized, pushing forward the “1+1+n” model of the off-provincial market. After full stocking, there was a revival of the high-end Cinderella series in 2015, with a sharp reduction in the decline of the upper- and upper-end white-collar system and a steady increase in the low-end yield.
The same year, the company restructured its products, establishing a product strategy for the off-the-shelf market of 1+1+n (i.e., old white platinum products such as sunflower 15+A plus other serialized products); the province focused on the introduction of sunflower 25, with the aim of restoring product sales in line with the new normal consumption of the economy.
There is a shift in channels, deep distribution within the province, and a focus on out-of-pocket costs. The company is gradually aware of the need for a downfall strategy, learning more actively from the ocean channel model, changing the previous pattern of channel shopping, and establishing a network of end channels. In the provincial market, it is shifting to a deep distribution model, which will allow it to grow deeper. At the same time, the company is implementing a direct sales model to achieve a channel.
In the off-provincial market, companies re-classify sales areas, adopt a career system, and hire the Director of External Marketing. Instead of cutting back on the large-scale advertising costs of the past, they shift to more accurate ground and regional marketing, 2015 - 1.82016: Chinese wine spirits and kings return.