Irobot acquisitions in the Amazon have had limited impact, with high sales growth in the company, stone technology (688169.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
• Irobot, the land sweeper leader of the Amazon, is expected to have a limited impact on the company, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and on August 5, local time in the United States, Amazon announced that it would buy the global land sweeper at $61 a share, irobot, with a total transaction value of about $1.7 billion. We expect the Amazon to buy the irobot against the public.
The Division has limited influence, the company has successfully diversified its channels online in the United States, and the irobot is clearly different from its product function, technology, and other products such as the 2022 new product s7maxvoltra are more competitive. It is more common for us to maintain a profitable retailer to expand our own branding business, and the company has successfully diversified its channels online in the United States.
(1) It is more common for retailers to expand their own branding operations. According to the Chinese supermarket chain association, in 2021, 100 companies sold nearly 5 per cent of their own brands, while the number of singles and sales rose steadily over the years. Wal-Mart, Yong-hui, Kyung-dong, among others, had their own branding products. Retailers were not exclusive and would accommodate a variety of locations, not all of them.
We believe that Amazon purchases of irobot have limited impact on the company, but also reflect the Amazon's interest in cleaning the electrical track. (2) With regard to online channels in the United States market, companies have been located on Wal-Mart, Costco, Target, Bestbuy, Homedepot, in addition to Amazon channels.
The diversification of channels is progressing well with the US stand-alone. (3) Amazon channels account for a limited share of corporate income, with the US-Asia channel accounting for only about 10% of external sales, and Europe and Asia and the Pacific, which account for a relatively high share of external sales, are largely underlined, and we believe that Amazon channels have a limited impact on the company as a whole.
• A sustained increase in intra-firm sales driven by clean dividend releases, and a steady increase in external sales are expected to continue.
With the dividends of the clean product continuing to be released, companies are expected to maintain a trend of high sales until 11 years ago, with a rising market share continuing. Beyond this, the net interest rate of 2022.1 is over-expected, looking forward to a new drive, with the new product s7maxv series and the value-for-q series pulling up, we expect the overall performance to be robust in the second half of the year.
High internal and external sales growth - corporate information update, continuous ring improvement - corporate information update