• United States inflation improved or in response to a recovery in consumption, with greater elasticity in external sales and a consistent upward trend in domestic sales. According to data released by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics on 10 August, the United States cpi + 8.5 per cent in July, with a deceleration of 0.6 per cent, with a cpi + 5.3 per cent for household appliances, and a decline of 1.2 per cent in global supply chain pressure in July.
According to Federal Reserve data, the US consumer loans increased significantly in June by $40,154 million, the second largest single-month increase in history, reflecting a recovery in consumer demand. Given the slowdown in sales since 2021, inflation has slowed down and consumer lending has increased.
According to Ovie, the company’s 7 monthly sales + 65%, with 19.46% of the city’s share (+10.45 pcts), continued high internal sales and a steady increase in the market’s share. We believe that corporate performance has slowed since 2021, and that higher net interest rates have slowed.
As a result, in 2021 it became clear that the supply side of the company's sales was affected by the saltfield epidemic, that sales were blocked, that the pace of foreign sales was delayed, and that we measured the real rate of sales of the company's own brand business in 2021 + 33 per cent, and that the demand side of the company's sales had been significantly affected since the year, and that the industry was faced with high inflation from abroad, which had constrained consumption.
We measure the real rate of sales of 2022q1 brand-owned businesses + 6%, maritime transport, demand-side improvements and new pulls, and look at the elasticity of the company's external sales.
Point. (3) Product end: The company introduced the full base station s7maxv series and the value for money update report 2022.8.6 q series overseas in 2022, continuously expanding the product line and leading product upgradation.
Investing in Self-Building Manufacturing Centers, Watching Self-Control, Reciprocal Supply and Demand Marginal Improvement, Companies as Land Sweeps, Watching Outsourcing Improvement More Resilient. Capacity Enhancement - Corporate Information Update Report.
High internal and external sales growth - company updates