Securities Centre for the Upgradation and Recreation of Consumption
On August 29, when Stone Technology published its semi-annual report for 2022, 22h1 achieved a profit of 2,923 million yuan, compared to 24,49 per cent, net profit for mothers of 617 million yuan, equal to -5.40 per cent, net profit for non-retroactive mothers.
588 million yuan, or +238% of the total. In a single quarter, 22q2 generated 1,564 million yuan, compared to the same income end: inward sales continued to increase, and Europe was burdened with low levels of overseas activity. Domestic markets: all-power stations were favoured, and the share of all-power sales continued to rise.
Favourable, Ovi Cloud Network data show the April/May/June land sweeper market rock g10s to 1. "Showing off, insider sales continue to outpace the expected new product " , market brand sales amounting to 26.3 per cent, corresponding to an increase in sales compared to +13.5 pct.
128%. Sales revenue is expected to double in the second quarter of the end of the statement. Overseas markets: q2 are showing relatively modest performance, with the European market: relatively high, either driven by the Russian-Turkish conflict and inflation; and the United States market: high-end new product s7maxv series, which has had a bad day effect.
However, some growth has been achieved; Asia-Pacific markets: growth is expected to continue relatively well with new products. 22 years in Three Dimensions of Stone Technology’s Global Competitiveness - to enable companies to roll out more new products overseas, with the s7maxv series matched by outstanding performances
A further effort to optimize the structure of the company’s products is expected to help follow up on sales performance in overseas markets. Profit-end: marketing additions to new products, with non-profit margins remaining stable. 48.83% of the Māori ratio of 22q2 companies, compared to 2.91pt, is mainly due to raw material prices and domestic marketing gifts.
In contrast, the company lost $5.69 million in the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts held in hedges. Ho Yongping's penetration rate of cleaning appliances is not as high as expected, the price of raw materials and components is at high risk and the exchange rate fluctuates significantly.
On August 29, when Stone Technology released its semi-annual report for 2022, 22h1 achieved a profit of 2,923 million yuan, equal to +24,49 per cent, a net profit of 617 million yuan, a ratio of 5.40 per cent, and a net profit of 588 million after deduction.
At the end of the income spectrum: inward sales continue their upward trend, with Europe absorbing a flat overseas billion yuan, +26.46 per cent of the year. 2h1 clean-up robots earn 2,922 million yuan, +29 per cent of the year, with product structure upgrades driving a marked increase in average prices (average price of approximately $2657, +45 per cent).
Domestic market: All-power stations are favoured, and the share of domestic sales continues to rise. 21q4 has seen a marked increase in the share of the domestic market since the company introduced the cleaning product. The trend has continued since 22 years, with the new product g10s full-power base series using automatic dust collection + automatic scrubber + base station from cleaning + automatic water recharge + automatic suppression.
In April/May/June, the market for floor sweeps reached 26.3% of sales for stone brands in the market for floor sweeps, compared to +13.5 pct, an increase of 128%. Sales revenue is also expected to double in the second quarter of the end of the statement.
Overseas markets: q2 are expected to perform relatively modestly, with the European market: relatively high, either driven by the Russian-Turkish conflict and inflation; the United States market: high-end new products s7maxv series of heat sales, which have had a prome day off, but which has nevertheless registered some growth; and the Asia-Pacific market: expected to continue to grow better with new products.
For 22 years, companies have been rolling out more new product series overseas, the s7maxv series of which, by virtue of its salience, can be configured to further optimize the company’s product structure, and can be expected to contribute to the follow-up of sales performance in overseas markets.
22q2 Māori ratio of 48.83%, corresponding to 2.91pt, is mainly the price of raw materials and the impact of domestic marketing gifts. For cost rates, q2 sales cost 20.44%, compared to +5.64pc, mainly due to increased costs associated with the company ' s expansion of markets, both within and outside the country, and management/R & D/financial cost rates, respectively
This is mainly due to the increase in exchange gains resulting from the devaluation of the renminbi, with exchange gains of $15.35 million for 22h1 (in the same period last year, tens of thousands). Taken together, the net interest rate of q2 is 17.50%, compared to 9.71pt. This is mainly due to an increase in the stocking of company new items on the market at the end of the reporting period.
There is still plenty of room for development in the global market for ground sweeps, where companies focus on product and technological innovation, and insist on upgrading users. Experiences with increasing brand volume in recent years, with a continuous upscaling of the market layout, are expected to lead the industry on a continuous basis.
(b) The risk of significant increases in the prices of raw materials and components: if prices of raw materials and upstream components continue to rise, the Māori rate of the enterprise will continue to decline, thereby affecting the profitability of the enterprise;
(a) Risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations: if the renminbi has increased significantly or has led to pressure on the company's profit margin;