Event: stone technology released in mid-2022, generating business income of $2.923 billion, Li Conghua
In terms of internal sales, the first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, the country’s clean-up was relatively flat, sales rose by 1.16 per cent, and the company as a whole performed better than the industry. In January-June 2022, the market was set aside at the end of the month, and in April-June 2022, the Leowyun network was cleared for three consecutive months.
In terms of market share, the share of companies on the domestic line rose by 11.68 percentage points to 23.57% over the same period last year. In terms of external sales, the company’s main overseas market, Europe, was affected by the war and high inflation in the Russian Federation, the consumer sector as a whole fell, and the company’s earnings outperformed the line.
Industry. The second quarter of the United States region's major marketing campaign, Amazon Membership Day, was changed from June to July of the second half of the year, and the corresponding adjustment of some of the campaign cycles has had some impact on the company's overseas earnings, but the company's operating income in the United States region has increased somewhat.
This is due to the transfer of freight costs from accounting standards changes to higher operating costs and raw materials. During the reporting period, the market, both within and outside the country, was displayed with corresponding increases in advertising and market promotion costs, and in the remuneration of the sales sector. The financial costs were mainly due to higher exchange gains and losses, with corporate exchange gains of $1.535 million in the first half of the year.
Six months of forward foreign exchange contracts, asset impairments, and investment returns have had a greater impact on net profits, with forward foreign exchange contracts having an impact of $43.75 million and asset impairments affecting $1.937 million.
Li Conghua, a Master of Business Administration, joined the Investment Research Department of the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to carry out research in the home appliances industry. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.