Short-term pressure on profitability and a significant increase in the share of the country's municipalities Events: 29 August 2022, semi-annual publication of stone technology, first half of 2022, company stone technology (688169.sh)
Realization of operating income of 2,923 million yuan, +24.49 per cent; net return to the mother of 617 million yuan, with a similar increase in the share of the domestic market for the new flagship g10s.
In the first half of the year, sales in the cleaning power industry increased by just 1.16%, and the company’s sales were far higher than average. The company’s high-end flagship product, g10s, was pre-sold at the end of March 2022.
Three months in a row in June, the first robotic sales to sweep the network of the Ovi Clouds reflect the company’s strong product competitiveness and brand appeal. At the same time, the company’s domestic market has increased dramatically, and the European region has been affected by the conflict in Russia and high inflation in the first half of the year, with consumption markets weak and public.
Division growth slowed down; while Amazon Membership Day in the United States changed from June of the previous year to July of the second half of the year, the company managed to achieve a certain increase in revenue q2 in the United States during the first half of the year, with a significant increase in sales costs.
In terms of net interest rates, we believe that the first half of the year was marked by a significant increase in the share of direct domestic operations and a decrease in the share of distribution-based exports.
The Division’s sales costs have risen exponentially, with a net profit ratio of h1 sales, management and R & D, respectively. We believe that the decline in the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts, mainly held by the company, is due to the fact that even the q2 financial costs (mainly exchange gains) of -390 million cannot be hedged from the Ministry.
Increased availability of aircraft and a greater decline in the net operating cash flow of q2. 1) company goods at the end of 22h1 \triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
On the other hand, the net operating cash flow of the company h1 was $162 million, or 81.67 per cent of the year; q2 cindaseguritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The larger decrease was due mainly to the inflow of uncollectible sales due to the increased unmaturity of the company ' s receivables, in addition to the increase in reserve stock and the higher cost of sales costs, which resulted in higher disbursement of funds.
\triangleright is a master’s degree in the development of commercial communications equipment in the hardware development department of tp-link.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.