The company's review report for StoneTech (688169) on the 31st of August 2022, sales are going faster than expected, and marketing is going to help build brand names.
Events: The company disclosed that in 22 years, 22h1 achieved operating income of $2.923 billion, increasing the price of domestic sales of new products of the g10s series, and successfully expanding channels in Asia and the Pacific. The company 22h1 smart sweeper business generated sales revenue of $2.92 billion, an increase of 29.23 per cent.
Over 1.1 million sales, mainly due to the successful development of autonomous brands, the new product g10s series is in circulation market value (millions of dollars): domestic sales are on the rise, driving up 100 per cent of the domestic market, while companies are overseas.
The opening went well, with both the US and Asia and the Pacific increasing by more than 20% over the same year. The company's Māori ratio of 22H1 echoed. With a reduced core and lower cost of raw materials, Māori rates are expected to turn up in the future.
The company ' s net interest rate of 22h1 was 21.09 per cent, a decrease of 6.69 pct over the same period; of this, the cost of sales was 17.14 per cent, and the domestic business structure had a certain impact on the cost of increased sales, as domestic toc end-marketing inputs were higher than overseas distribution channels; and the company ' s management, R & D, financial costs remained largely stable and management fees remained stable.
Déclaration de l'économique de l'Université de l'Université de l'Université de l'Université de l'Economique de l'Instance - Stone Technology (688169.sh): Increased number of sku matrices to be built, adapted to local and intra-national channels and precisely focused branding, driven by the Général de la Sécurité de la Sécurité - Stone Technology (688169)
On the product side, companies continue to invest in R & D, and on the smart floor-scan function for user pains upgrades, position mid-end markets, and in the future introduce a more complete sku matrix. On the channel side, companies, taking advantage of potential market size and high-quality products, gradually build global distribution networks, depending on the local context.
The company has accelerated the deployment of its own channels in the European region, and has set up sub-firms for home-grown services and marketing to penetrate empty markets: the domestic market actively embraces new media flow portals: the Amazon platform has been expanded in the North American region to lay the groundwork for a follow-up cut-in-the-line ka channel.
Zhang Shijie has increased marketing input during new flag-type launches and power vendors during the season to achieve an efficient transformation of brand power to sales.
Incentives to land, team cohesion, strengthening R & D capabilities 22 years of corporate incentives, mostly technology R & D practitioners, based on the company's forward-looking R & D layout and the difference between entry and destination, and therefore relative certainty incentives will be more conducive to corporate R & D team stability
Quite well, marketing investment has increased support for branding, building high-tech barriers in their own production bases, reducing efficiency gains, intensifying geopolitical conflicts, increasing the impact of the epidemic on supply chains and freight transport, and increasing competition in their industries.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.