Rating
Date
Company
Wanhua Chemical
Buy
Initiation of Coverage
Asia
China
Exchange Ticker
Reuters
Bloomberg
Energy
600309.SS
600309 CH
SHH
Chemicals
A crown jewel in fine chemicals;
Vitus Leung
Johnson Wan
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
Wanhua Chemical (WHC) is the biggest global methylene diphenyl
diisocyanate (MDI) producer with a 24% market share. Its share price has a
72% correlation with MDI spreads, and as spreads have risen 165% in the last
12 months, the share price has risen +75%. However, we see more potential
share price upside as we believe the MDI upcycle will continue until 2020 on
slowing new capacity additions globally. We also see new product ramp-up
and potential asset injection as key earnings drivers. We expect WHC's EPS to
achieve a 37% CAGR in 2016-19E with ROIC improving to 23% in 2017-19E.
Strong supply-demand supports MDI upcycle
In 2016-20E, we expect a 3.5% supply CAGR, below the 4.8% CAGR in 2010-
16 when there was a big capacity increase. On the other hand, we expect
demand to record a healthy 5.6% CAGR during the same period, driven by
construction materials, which account for 52% of usage globally.
to 94% by 2020. This should expand the MDI spread from RMB9,500/tonne in
Forecasts & Ratios
2016 to RMB15,928/tonne in 2019E, a 19% CAGR. Other PU such as TDI also
will likely enter an upcycle post 2018E; we see the TDI operating rate reaching
89% by 2020. Conversely, with the new 300ktpa TDI line expected in 2018, we
project WHC's PU volume should increase a 7% CAGR over 2016-19E.
Entering high-end chemicals market
Currently, polyurethane (PU) accounts for 55% of WHC's revenue (71% of GP).
WHC has branched out to six new business units since 2015, of which TPU,
PC, and water-based paint are promising products, as China is still a net
importer of high-end TPU and PC products, and we believe water-based paint
will be a key beneficiary of the stricter environmental regulation. We expect
the revenue of the functional material and specialty chemicals segments to
register a 33% CAGR in 2016-19E and become a second growth driver.
Asset injection & new business ahead with flexible balance sheet
Key products abbreviation
As stated by WHC, it is likely to acquire BorsodChem (BC) by Sep-2018 from
its parent company, Wanhua Industrial Group (WIG). BC holds a MDI/TDI/PVC
capacity of 240k/250k/400ktpa in Hungary. We believe this asset injection
would strengthen WHC's global presence. Besides, the company is conducting
feasibility studies for the construction of a 1mntpa ethylene capacity and to
utilise its strong balance sheet (net gearing of 22%/2% in 2018E/19E). We have
not factored either of these events into our model currently.
Our target price of RMB42.0 is based on 8.0x EV/EBITDA, at an 18% discount
to its historical average of 9.7x. We use a Gordon Growth Model, applying
average 2017-18E FCF growth to its EBITDA. The shares trade at 6.2x 12-
month forward EV/EVITDA, at a 12% discount to global MDI peers and a 36%
discount to their historical mean. Our target price implies 4.7x 2017-18E P/B;
we believe the premium to global peers is justified as its ROE averaged 38% in
2017-18E, which is at a 137% premium over MDI peers. Key risks: fluctuations
in oil and chemical product prices, lower-than-expected GDP growth and
unexpected corporate actions with demanding valuation. More detail pp. 3-4.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Distributed on: 11/08/2017 17:01:07 GMT
Wanhua Chemical
Reuters: 600309.SS
Bloomberg: 600309 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Wanhua Chemical Group Co. Ltd (WHC) was founded in
1998. The company engages in the production, sales, R&D
of downstream chemical products such as isocyanate,
polyol, and polyurethane. WHC is the largest MDI
producer in the world with more than 24% market shares
globally as of 2016. Moreover, the company started six
new business segments, including intermediate chemicals
products, polycarbonate (PC), TPU, water-based paints,
etc.
Price Performance
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Solvency
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Vitus Leung
Investment thesis
Outlook
The MDI industry has very high technical and capital barriers and, hence it is a
highly concentrated market. In 2016, global MDI capacity amounted to
7.4mntpa, with the top five producers controlling c.77% of total capacity.
According to IHS, WHC ranks No. 1 among global MDI producers with a total
capacity of 1.8mntpa (24% of global market share).
MDI upcycle to continue until 2020E and new capacity in TDI
WHC benefits most from MDI improvement, in our view. We estimate MDI
demand will outpace capacity growth and the utilisation rate should reach 94%
by 2020E vs. 87% in 2016. We expect global MDI demand to record a 5.6%
CAGR in 2016-2020E, outpacing capacity expansion with a CAGR of 3.5%. We
see slowing MDI supply growth due to: 1) shutdowns of outdated production
facilities (including Korea, Japan, Spain, etc.); and 2) lack of capacity additions
in Asia; the only large new capacity would be Sadara Chemical, with a 400ktpa
capacity in the Middle East in 2018E. We expect WHC's MDI spread to expand
to RMB15,928/tonne in 2019E, a 19% CAGR over 2016-19E.
Source: IHS. Deutsche Bank: Note: * - BorsodChem owned by
New material production becoming new growth engine
Wanhua's parent company
With a more diversified product portfolio going forward, we believe this would
enable WHC to become less sensitive to the MDI cycle. We expect functional
material & specialty chemicals revenue to surge a 33% CAGR over 2016-19E.
Among the new products, thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU), polycarbonate
(PC), and water-based paint are the three most promising products.
Unlocking value & potential corporate actions
We estimate WHC's net gearing should drop to 49% in 2017E vs. the 5-year
average of 126%. With strong cash flow ahead, WHC would become almost
net cash (without new investment) by 2019E. Also, we believe WHC's healthy
balance sheet should enable it to acquire Wanhua Industrial Group's (WIG)
stake in BorsodChem (BC), which has a MDI/TDI/PVC capacity of 240k/250k/
400k-tpa in Hungary. This would strengthen WHC's global presence, although
valuation is an uncertainty. Besides, WHC plans to build a 1mntpa ethylene
cracker capacity in Shandong, which will further its vertical integration.
Figure 3: Global MDI operating rate
Valuation
We derive WHC's target price of RMB42.0/share by using 8.0x EV/EBITDA
based on the Gordon Growth Model, at an 18% discount to its historical
average of 9.7x. Our target price implies 4.7x 2017-18E P/B, which is 53%
higher than its +1 SD of historical mean P/B.
Risk
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates; Note: effective utilization rate
Key risks include: 1) slower-than-expected demand growth in the consumer
market, which is the main source of downstream demand for MDI, TPU, and
PC; 2) slower-than-expected energy price recovery; 3) slower-than-expected
ramp up in TPI capacity; and 4) any unexpected corporate actions with
demanding valuation.
Valuation
What next? More potential upside yet to price in
WHC share prices have almost doubled in the past 12 months, but we see
There is more potential
more upside considering: 1) MDI upcycle likely to continue until 2020E; 2) new
upside due to higher MDI
capacity to start in 2018E; and 3) new product ramp-up, plus potential asset
prices and larger volume
injection and new business plan. We believe past share price performance has
not fully reflected the strong improvement in free cash flow and return on
assets. We expect WHC's EPS to achieve a 37% CAGR in 2016-19E with ROIC
improving to an average of 23% in 2017-19E from 15% in 2016.
WHC trades at 10.3x and 6.2x average 2017-18E P/E and EV/EBITDA, at a
discount of 19% and 12%, respectively, to global MDI peers, but its 2017-18E
P/B of 3.4x is at an 86% premium over global MDI peers. In our view, WHC
deserves to trade at a premium to peers given its superior ROE (137% higher
than peers) and strong free cash flow yields.
We derive our target price using the Gordon Growth Model. Our target price
RMB42.0/share is based on 8.0x EV/EBITDA, using 2017-18E FCF to its
EBITDA. This implies an 18% discount to its historical average EV/EBITDA of
9.7x while we expect its FCF to improve at a 12% CAGR in 2016-19E, much
better than in the previous MDI upcycle when WHC's FCF stream was in a
deficit. Our EV/EBITDA-based TP is at a 7% discount to the DCF model
theoretical price.
In our opinion, EV/EBITDA is a better methodology than DCF to value WHC
because: 1) it addresses free cash flow situation changes as WHC's heavy
investment cycle has already passed; 2) it addresses the petrochemical
business cyclical; and 3) is in-line with our regional petrochemical company
valuation methodology. We cross check our valuation with a DCF below.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
Key charts
Source: IHS, Deutsche Bank estimates; Note: effective utilization rate
Source: Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank estimates; Note: Bloomberg consensus estimates for non-rated (NR) companies
MDI 101
MDI (methylene diphenyl diisocyanate) is an aromatic diisocyanate. MDI reacts
with polyols in the manufacturing of polyurethane. MDI is categorised as pure
MDI and polymeric MDI.
Pure MDI is mainly used to produce the slurry of synthetic leather, sole
resin, and spandex.
Polymeric MDI is used to produce rigid PU foam, adhesive, and
flexible PU foams.
MDI is an aromatic diisocyanate consisted of isocyanate and polyhydric
alcohols. MDI is the most important feedstock for the production of
polyurethane (PU), which is the sixth-largest plastic after polyethylene, PVC,
polypropylene, polystyrene and ABS. PU possesses not only the elasticity of
rubber but also the strength of plastic with wide applications in economic
activities of multiple industries including chemicals, aerospace, automobile,
medical treatment, etc.
Highly concentrated market – MDI & TDI
The PU industry has very high technical and capital barriers, which lead to a
PU is a highly concentrated
highly concentrated market. In 2016, global MDI capacity amounted to
market both domestically and
7.4mntpa, with the top five producers controlling 77% of total capacity. WHC
globally
tops the list of global MDI producers with total capacity at 1.8mntpa, followed
by BASF, Convestro, Huntsman, and Dow with a share of 21%, 19%, 13%, 9%,
respectively. Likewise, in the TDI market, the top five producers control 77% of
total capacity. In China, the MDI market is even more concentrated with only
five active producers and WHC's 1.8mntpa capacity accounts for 62% of total
capacity. On TDI, the China landscape is changing, with WHC entering the TDI
market; its new 300ktpa capacity is scheduled to start in 2018, which will
instantly make it a market leader with a 24% share in China.
Source: IHS, Deutsche Bank; Note: * - BorsodChem owned by Wanhua's parent company
Source: IHS, Deutsche Bank; Note: * - Owned by BASF, Huntsman, SGPC, Shanghai Huayi, and
Shanghai Chlor-Soda Chemical
PU continues to be key
earnings driver while MDI
outlook improving
The PU segment (MDI + TDI) accounted for 55% of WHC's revenue in
2016. We believe the positive outlook of the MDI industry aligns with
WHC's future performance.
With improvements in the global MDI utilisation rate, we expect
WHC's MDI margin to expand from RMB9,500/tonne in 2016 to
RMB15,9288/tonne in 2019E at a 19% CAGR.
We expect China MDI demand to register a 7.3% CAGR over 2016-
2020, a rise of 1.9mntpa. China MDI demand is mainly driven by
refrigerators, construction materials, and slurry and sole resin, which
account for 45%, 22.5%, and 18% of total demand, respectively.
Formula for a bull market: steady demand growth +
slowing capacity additions + feedstock cost drop
Global MDI capacity rose at a 4.8% CAGR between 2010 and 2016. More than
50% of total MDI capacity is located in Asia, followed by Europe with c.30% of
total capacity. However, we see global capacity additions slowing down to a
3.5% CAGR in 2016-20E to reach 8.2mntpa by the end of 2020E. China MDI
capacity expanded rapidly in 2011-16 with a 16% CAGR and reached
Capacity addition CARG will
c.3.0mntpa in 2016, which exceeded the global capacity CAGR of c.5%.
slow to 3.5% in 2016- 2020E
from 4.8% CAGR in 2010-
We forecast another 1.06mtpa of new capacity to come on stream between
2017 and 2020E globally. Also, Jilin Connell MDI plans to roll out another
800ktpa of new MDI capacity (c.10% of global capacity) in 2018. However,
considering several environmental issues, the new capacity is highly likely to
be deferred. Therefore, we have not included this in our expected new
capacity. We believe rapid MDI capacity additions should slow down starting
in 2017.
Utilisation rate picking up
Globally, more than 52% of MDI consumption comes from construction
materials, and only 13% is used in refrigerators. In China, MDI is mainly used
in refrigerators, construction materials, and slurry and sole resin, accounting
for 45%, 22.5%, and 18%, respectively. China apparent MDI demand has
remained largely stable at c.1.9mnt since 2013. According to China's 13th
Five-Year Plan, the domestic MDI demand CAGR in 2015- 2020E is 7.3%.
Suffering from the rapid capacity growth over the past five years, China MDI
facilities' utilisation rate dipped to c.60% in 2015, and will likely continue to
drop to the low-50% levels due to capacity additions in 2016. Given stable
demand and consumption growth, we expect utilisation to gradually recover
from the trough level in 2016 with few new capacity additions.
The rapid capacity expansion over the past four years has caused global
utilisation to drop continuously, from 87% to 84% in 2015. However, as we
expect capacity additions to slow down, we estimate utilisation will rebound to
87% in 2017, 90% in 2018, 90% in 2019 and 91% in 2020. TDI is in a very
similar situation. We expect it to witness slowing capacity additions and after
2018, we believe there will be a lack of new supply which should help TDI
utilisation gradually recover to 89% by 2020E from 83% in 2016.
Margin recovering
Despite the relatively stable downstream demand, MDI prices, especially in
MDI prices and margin are
Asia markets, have dropped significantly since the end of 2012 till 1H 2016,
surging on supply-demand
which is mainly due to the rapid capacity expansion. Over the past five years,
tightening
more than 85% of new capacity additions have come from Asian producers,
and China MDI capacity increased by c.400ktonne p.a. (on average), while
apparent demand increased by only c.100ktonne p.a. The worsened supply-
demand dynamic depressed MDI prices as well as the MDI-benzene spread.
Also, MDI prices are highly sensitive to crude oil prices, as aniline is one of the
main raw materials.
Since 2016, China MDI prices have started to recover from the trough, driven
WHC share price high
by: 1) decreased MDI imports from Japan and Korea, where MDI production
correlation to MDI margin
was unstable or halted, and China polymeric MDI imports declined by 15% in
with 0.72 R-square
the past trailing 12 months; and 2) stabilized crude oil price and chemical
prices. In the past four years, WHC's share price and MDI are highly correlated
with a 0.72 R-square efficiency.
Figure 30: WHC share price correlations with key
products and spreads
On the other hand, WHC share price correlation with petrochemical products is
lower than with MDI spreads. The highest correlation with a single product is
the MDI price with 0.53 R-square efficiency, while the WHC share price has a
negative correlation with the prices of benzene / Brent oil, which are its key
feedstocks, at -0.29 / -0.38 R-square efficiency, respectively.
We believe the MDI spread is determined more by its own supply and demand
other than cost-push factors because its correlation with benzene and Brent oil
prices is only -0.18/-0.32 R-square efficiency while it has 0.86 R-square
and 0.32 R-square efficiency correlation with benzene and Brent prices.
New growth engines
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
A more diversified portfolio ahead
With a more diversified product portfolio going forward, we believe it should
enable WHC to become less sensitive to the MDI cycle. WHC has set up six
new business units to further strengthen its downstream products mix. Of the
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
new products produced from these six new business units, specialty
polyurethane (i.e. thermoplastic polyurethane - TPU), polycarbonate (PC), and
water-based paint are the three most promising. TPU is facing booming
downstream demand due to intelligent wearable devices. PC should alleviate
the pressure of high dependence on imports. Water-based paint should benefit
from stricter environment protection laws. We expect functional materials and
specialty chemicals revenue to record a 33% CAGR between 2016 and 2019E.
TPU: expecting ascending downstream demand
TPU is any-of-a-class of polyurethane plastics with many properties, including
elasticity, transparency, and resistance to oil, grease, and abrasion. TPU has
many applications, including automotive instrument panels, sporting goods,
Source: Company data, Ningbo Petrochemical Association
Deutsche Bank
medical devices, drive belts, and footwear.
WHC's performance material business unit is the biggest TPU manufacturer in
APAC with the widest product range. Out of the c.500kt total capacity of
China, WHC's annual TPU production capability is 90ktpa (18%) and offers
high-end TPU in the market.
TPU is now a popular material found in outer cases of mobile electronic
devices. Since 2014, TPU has become a dominant material serving as a
wristband for the booming market of intelligent wearable devices which
required high-end TPU. Conversely, China has become a TPU net export
country since 2013 while the majority of Chinese TPU is low-end product and
fails to meet the increasing high-end TPU demand. We observe that Chinese
high-end TPU demand still relies on imports, and TPU import prices are far
higher than export prices.
PC: WHC a landscape changer in China
Polycarbonate (PC) is one of the five engineering plastics. PC is widely used in
electronic devices, household appliances, construction materials, automobile
manufacturing, and medical apparatus. PC has become the most popular
engineering plastic with the highest growth rate.
PC manufacturing has very high technological barriers; therefore, the PC
market is highly concentrated. Covestro (27% market share) is the global
market leader and global capacity is at 4.7mntpa, on our estimates. Currently,
China PC demand highly relies on imports.
WHC's new PC line is expected to come on stream in 2018E, and it will
instantly become the second-largest (17% of China capacity) PC producer in
China. The company spent about RMB1.46bn on the 200ktpa capacity after it
raised RMB2.5bn from a private placement in January 2017.
We expect that global capacity will outgrow demand in the coming years,
driven by Chinese capacity additions. We expect the overall operating rate to
peak at 85% in 2017-18E and decline to 80% by 2020E.
Water-based paint: the beneficiary of the "strictest" new environmental
protection law
Compared with traditional paint, water-based paint is more environmentally
friendly and cost efficient. In the global market, water-based paint has
surpassed traditional paint; it accounted for c.44% of the total paint
consumption in 2014. In China, the consumption of water-based paint used in
construction materials and automobile paint is growing rapidly, accounting
c.48%.
Water-based paint should benefit from stricter environment protection laws.
We expect the revenue of main business including MDI and the new chemical
products to see a CAGR of 21% in 2016-19E. As MDI only accounts for 41.7%
of the growth rate, we estimate the rest will come from new chemical
products and other core business segments including functional materials and
special chemicals.
Source: Company data Deutsche Bank
Since 2015, there has been a paint tax of 4% under the new environment
protection law. However, paint with Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) of less
than 420g/L will be waived from the paint tax. The 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-
Water-based paint will benefit
2020) petrochemical and chemicals development guidance also notes that
from the stricter environment
producers should facilitate the R&D and promotion process of environmentally
friendly paints and efficiently control the VOCs. Being the most
protection law.
environmentally friendly paint, water-based paint should be one of the main
beneficiaries of the "strictest" environment protection law as well as the
development guidance.
Unlocking value &
potential corporate actions
WHC improved its balance sheet via issuance of 158mn new shares to repay
debt and set up new business in 2016. WHC's net gearing should cut to 49%
in 2017E from 118% in 2016. All of WHC's debt is in bank loans after repaying
the corporate bond in 2015. We expect that WHC's net interest expense
should decrease to RMB504mn in 2019E from RMB890mn in 2015.
Moreover, as mentioned during public management meetings, the company is
likely to acquire WIG's stake in BC by September 2018 which has a
MDI/TDI/PVC capacity of 240kpta / 250ktpa / 400ktpa in Hungary. Besides the
benefit of having instant capacity expansion, we believe the planned asset
injection could strengthen WHC's global presence although valuation is an
uncertainty. Nowadays, MDI / TDI / PVC constructions usually cost about
RMB1.9bn / RMB2.1bn / RMB0.4bn for a 100ktpa of capacity. The overall
replacement cost for such capacity would be near RMB11.4bn.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
BC's MDI and TDI capacity is equivalent to 13% / 83% of WHC 2018E capacity.
Our sensitivity analysis suggests BC has the potential to bring another 17% of
EBIT to WHC, assuming BC achieves a 75% utilisation rate with gross margins
of MDI / TDI similar to those of WHC, a PVC margin of USD240/tonne and its
operating expenses per unit doubles that of WHC. We have not factored any
potential acquisition in our model.
Besides, the company is conducting feasibility studies for constructing a
Even with all projects
1mntpa ethylene capacity in Shandong, to utilise its expected net cash balance
realised, WHC's net gearing
sheet. We estimate WHC will reach close to net cash by 2019 and the potential
level would still be under 50%
1 mntpa ethylene project will cost about USD4bn (RMB32bn in 2019E based
by 2019E
on our USD/RMB exchange rate forecast). If all these projects are realised by
2019E, assuming acquiring BC at market replacement cost and new ethylene
capex spend across 2019E-2022E, we estimate WHC's net gearing would jump
to c.46% by the end of 2019. Hence, we see <50% of net gearing level as low
risk for further equity raising.
Sensitivity analysis
WHC's earnings and target price are sensitive to MDI prices. Our sensitivity
analysis suggests for each 5% change in the MDI price, 2017E EPS would
change by 9%, and our target price would change by 10% correspondingly.
The earnings and target price sensitivity beta to MDI is c.1.8-2.0x. WHC's
earnings and target price are also sensitive to the benzene price which is the
biggest cost factor for WHC. For each 5% change in the benzene price, 2017E
EPS and target price would change by 3% and 4%, respectively.
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates
WHC's target price is more sensitive to the MDI price than the Benzene price.
MDI price has more influence
According to our scenario analysis, if the MDI price increases by 15% and the
than Benzene price on WHC's
benzene price decreases by 15%, this would raise our target price by 41% to
share price
RMB59. On the other hand, if the MDI price goes down by 15% and the
benzene price increases by 15%, our target price would fall 41% to RMB24.9.
These scenarios are more favorable to the upside comparison.
Consensus
Our estimates are slightly higher than Bloomberg Finance LP consensus
estimates by 9-11%. We believe this is mainly due to our constructive view on
the MDI price trend.
Source: Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Source: Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Valuation charts
WHC is trading at 3.4x forward P/B, higher than +1SD of the historical average
of 3.1x. We believe it is not fully reflecting a ROE rerating potential, which we
expect to reach 41% in 2017E.
On the other hand, the 6.2x forward EV/EBITDA is 36% below its historical
average of 9.7x or 3% below -1 SD of the historical average of 6.4x. Moreover,
the current trading multiple of 10.3x forward P/E is an 8% discount to its
historical average P/E.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank estimates
Figure 62: 12-month forward P/B
4.5X
45%
40%
4.0X
35%
3.5X
30%
3.0X
25%
2.5X
20%
2.0X
15%
1.5X
10%
Feb-12
Aug-12
Feb-13
Aug-17
Aug-13
Aug-15
Aug-16
Feb-17
Aug-14
Average 2.63x
-+1SD 3.08x
P/B 3.37x
ROE 41.0%
--1SD 2.19x
Source: Company data, Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank estimates
Key assumptions and
financials
Income statement
ROIC to increase significantly in 2017E
On the back of higher MDI prices and expansion of new chemical product
WHC's revenue to improve by
range, we forecast revenue will increase 38%, 12%, and 14% in 2017E, 2018E,
21% CAGR in 2016-2019E
and 2019E, respectively. We estimate GPM should gradually recover from 31%
due to higher MDI prices and
in 2016 to 40% in 2019E. ROIC will also likely rebound sharply to an average of
new products contribution
23% in 2017-19E from 15% in 2016.
MDI passed the toughest time, and new chemicals come to the stage
We expect MDI prices and spreads to further strengthen, driven by energy
MDI GPM should continue to
prices recovery, slowing global new capacity additions and stable demand
increase to 56% in 2017E
growth. We project the PU segment's GPM will be 50-56% in 2017E-19E vs.
41% in 2016. Functional material and special chemicals are the second growth
engine. As such, we estimate the two segments' combine revenue will more
than double during 2016-2019. We expect petrochemical projects to run at full
steam in 2017-19 after two years of capacity ramp-up since 2015.
Figure 65: Business assumptions
Balance sheet
Net gearing ratio will drop significantly
On 16 January 2017, WHC issued 116mn new shares at RMB21.55/share for a
WHC's net gearing ratio will
total sum of RMB2.5bn to develop its new business. After deleveraging, we
drop to 49% in 2017E
estimate the net gearing ratio will drop to 49% in 2017 from 119% in 2016.
With strong cash flow ahead, we expect net gearing will drop to 2% if no new
project announced.
Working capital
We expect working capital inflow in 2017 due to an increase in the amount of
trade payables, which offset an increase in trade receivables. Trade
receivable/payable days will likely remain largely stable, but inventory days
should drop to 60 days in 2017E from 74 days in 2015.
Figure 69: Balance Sheet
Cash flow statement
Issuing new shares
WHC raised RMB2.5bn via private placement at a placement price of
RMB21.55/share. Of the raised funds, RMB1.46bn will be invested in new PC
projects with total capacity of 200ktpa. RMB400mn will be used to build WHC
Shanghai Center, and the rest of funds will be used to repay bank loans and
replenish working capital.
Dividend and capital expenditure
WHC's capex should remain at c.RMB3.3-3.6bn, which is the maintenance
Dividend payout is set to
capex, given the company does not have any Greenfield investment committed
increase with strong FCF
currently. Moreover, in keeping with trends we have observed, WHC will likely
ahead.
continue to increase dividends, with the payout ratio likely to increase from
31% in 2016 to 35% in 2017E and further to 40% in 2018-19E.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Company profile
Business overview
Wanhua Chemical Group Co., Ltd. was established on 20 December 1998, and
WHC is a leading
was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 5 January 2001. As the most
international A-share listed
competitive MDI producer in the world, WHC has set up R&D centres,
chemical group in China
manufacturing bases, and business centers in Yantai, Ningbo, Beijing, Zhuhai,
Chengdu, and Shanghai in China, and it has set up more than 10 subsidiaries
or branches in Europe, the Middle East, America, Japan, Russia, India, etc.
Meanwhile, WHC has its own overseas manufacturing bases in Hungary.
The main business of WHC is R&D, production, and sales of PU series
PU is the major business
products, such as isocyanate and polyol; petrochemical series products, such
product of WHC
as PO/AE; and functioning materials of water-based coatings and specialty
chemicals.
Company structure & management profile
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Production flow
Key products abbreviation
The author of this report would like to acknowledge the contribution made by
Luka Li.
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
"Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Vitus Leung
Historical recommendations and target price: Wanhua Chemical (600309.SS)
(as of 8/10/2017)
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on.
Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment
banking, trading and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term
conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a
time frame of no less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to
time discuss with our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently
becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company
specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion
of the coverage analyst concerned or of the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are
published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account
the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are
inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst’s judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not
be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of
financial instruments are subject to change without notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of
price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session,
and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank,
subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
available
website
under
Disclaimer
found
the
our
research
our
Legal
tab.
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed
income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to
FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the
index fixings may -- by construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended
to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon
rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is
also important to acknowledge that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are
denominated carries FX risk. Naturally, options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to
risks
the
related
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own
circumstances including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and
liabilities, and as such, investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar
to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can
be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be
incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable
for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized
website please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
from
inform
directly
ask
that
you
immediately.
us,
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
1998/003298/10).
Africa:
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters
arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who
is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
clients
securities/instruments.
Branch
not
execute
transactions
for
these
may
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
17th
Faisaliah
Tower
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as
defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
refer
Australian
specific
research
disclosures
information
and
related
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America