q1 is expected to significantly reduce its operating season by 25.7 billion yuan, an increase of 94 per cent over the same period; net return on maternity is -2.93 billion.
The quick recovery of q1 operations contributed to a significant improvement in revenue collection. The civil aviation market has recovered rapidly since the beginning of 2023, with a marked improvement in the supply and demand of 2023q1, of which q1
1. "The China State Air Company Review: At a time when performance recovery is over, the company ask grew by 73.8 per cent in the same year, rpk by 95.8 per cent in the same year, demand grew faster than supply, and the passenger rate increased by 8 pct to 71 per cent in the same year, with the international line rpk by 253 per cent in the same year.
“O3 investment returns are positive on a year-on-year basis, waiting for demand to resume growth — China’s national air season 3. “H1 investment losses are lower, medium-term slowdown is determined — China’s national air service semi-annual report improves the unit cost of liquidity upgrades and returns on investments contribute to profits.
The price of the plant ring fell by 12 per cent, a 27 per cent increase from the same year, company ask slammed the same year, oil prices rose significantly, and estimated the business cost per kilometer fell by 23 per cent to 0.44 dollars from the same year. 2023q1 company profitability improved significantly, with the Māori rate increasing by 47 pct to - 5 per cent from the same year.
740 million yuan, of which 730 million yuan was invested in associated and joint ventures, and the net profit of the company to its mother was significantly reduced by 6 billion to -2.9 billion yuan.
The number of flights increased by 10% from the pre-epidemiological period in 2019; internationally, the antigen test in place of the nucleic acid test has been available to Chinese personnel since 29 April, and simplified boarding requirements will facilitate the recovery of international passengers.
At the same time, the company announced that it would sign an aircraft purchase and sale agreement with the national airline to sell eight a330-200 aircraft to the national airline, considering that the company’s long-term profit center would be upgraded to maintain its net profit forecast of $3.9 billion in 2023.
• Maintain the “buy-in” rating. Demand recovery falls short of expected risks, exchange rate fluctuations, oil price escalation risks, spread-out risks, security accident risks.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market