A significant loss during the quarter and continued to look forward to future elasticity.
The demand for civil aviation has recovered rapidly, and rapid growth in corporate business has led to a near-fold increase in revenue collection. In late 2022, the policy of immunization was significantly optimized, the flow of civil aviation, especially the domestic line, recovered strongly in the first quarter of 2023, and the company’s passenger industry.
In March, the company announced that it had reached a total of ask59.31 billion, an increase of 73.8%, and rpk 42.140 million, an increase of the same figure.
The oil prices remain high and the international line has not been fully restored to unamortized costs and has not yet been profitable. First, international oil prices have remained at more than $80 per barrel in the quarter, with a marked increase in the same year, and the rate of recovery of the interstate line, especially intercontinental routes, has remained low in the quarter, and the overall capacity of the broad body has not been fully absorbed.
Given that the industry is still in the early stages of recovery, a quarter of major flights have not yet made their mark, and the company's performance is expected to pick up rapidly, considering that the industry is still in the early stages of recovery.
Slow, to create the preconditions for a demand-supply reversal, the three major flights expected to increase by only 3.6 per cent in 2023, and the sea fleet expansion plans are more conservative in the coming years, and the expansion of the industry fleet is expected to remain low. The number of domestic passenger flights has exceeded the same period in 2019 since the summer and autumn of 2023.
China State Airlines (60111.sh) increased its losses in 2022, looking at the performance of flag aviation, and the flow of passengers continues to grow. It is expected that the demand for the holiday will be strong and further boosted by China State Airlines (60111.sh) - the continued loss of performance, looking at the reversal of the cycle.
With a sustained recovery in demand expected, civil aviation will eventually transition from supply and demand to demand and demand balance, prices are expected to continue to be strong, and company performance will likely pick up rapidly.
China State Airlines (60111.sh) - The loss continues, keeping a good eye on the retreat of the epidemic. China State Aviation - 3-quarterly review of the outbreak ' s disturbance 's continued loss, industry ' s investment proposal: maintenance of the "buy-in" rating.
China State Airlines revealed that the company collected 25.7 billion yuan (+94.1 per cent) in the first quarter of 2023, and net profit to the mother - 2.93 billion yuan, year-on-year and ring-on average, figure 2: net profit to the mother for the single season of China State.
The rapid recovery in civil aviation demand, the rapid growth of corporate business and the near-fold increase in revenue collection, the significant optimization of the quarantine policy at the end of 2022, the strong recovery of civil airline passenger flows, especially the domestic line, and the significant recovery of public transport operations in the first quarter of 2023. In view of the company’s March 21th flight, the non-same physical controls were merged.
The statement does not make the data entirely comparable, but only approximates. In March, the company announced in its operational data bulletin that it achieved ask5931 billion in a quarter, an increase of 73.8 per cent, rpk42.14 billion, an increase of 95.8 per cent, and a return to the guest rate of 71.0 per cent, an increase of 8.0 per cent.
The price of oil remains high, the international line has not been fully restored to unamortized costs, international oil prices have remained at more than $80 per barrel during the quarter, a marked increase over the same period, and the rate of recovery of international lines, especially intercontinental routes, has remained low during the quarter, and the overall capacity of the broad body has not been able to fully absorb the amortized costs.
The Division’s operating costs for the first quarter were $26.32 billion, an increase of 33.7 per cent over the same period in 2019, with a significant increase in the cost per unit of non-oil. Given that the industry is still in the early stages of recovery, one quarter of major flights has not yet been profitable as expected. Figure 3: China’s single-season operating costs increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 4: Trends in international oil prices continue to look at the reversal of civil aviation supply and demand, and corporate performance is expected to pick up rapidly. We continue to look at the larger reversal of civil aviation supply and demand.
In order to create the preconditions for a demand-supply reversal, the three major flights expected to increase by only 3.6% in 2023, the fleet expansion plans are more conservative in the coming years, and the industry fleet is expected to continue at a low rate. Domestic passenger flights have exceeded the same period in 2019 since the summer and autumn of 2023, and international regional flights have also taken place over the same period.
Continued growth and a recovery in passenger flows. The high demand for the holiday is expected to increase further, and with the continued recovery of demand, civil aviation will eventually transition from supply to demand to demand to demand to supply balance, transport prices are expected to continue to be strong and corporate performance will pick up rapidly.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author