The ocean core, the sea of light, the country's high-end processor, has been at its peak for many years. Sealight information is offline in the middle and ocean microelectronics and sea light integration, respectively, and amd has signed an agreement to acquire a high-end processor.
Technology and software licences. The first generation of cpu (Sealight 1) and the first generation of gpu (Deeply Counting 1 Liu Kyung-hoon) have been produced for 18 and 21 years, respectively, after which the product has continued to evolve.
Cpu: Capable of opening incremental space to the large international plant. Sealight cpu’s advantage is clear: 1) Eco “wintel” technology union optimizes software applications based on x86 architectures.
The X86 structure has a significant industrial ecological advantage: 2) performance: sealight high-end chips 7390 have 32 core 64 threads, main frequency 2.7ghz, maximum accelerator frame up to 3.3 ghz, with some advantages compared to the main product of the domestic cpu manufacturer: 3) security: support for state secret algorithms
We believe that self-control is necessary, with an annual growth of 279.50 per cent compared to 24 years, and a significant growth in business. gpu:llm pulls an increase in intelligence, and the value of the country's core is significant. Large models require roughly the same.
By multiplying the number of model parameters by six times the number of tokens used in training, we believe that the current large model overlaps can increase the number of parameters and the number of tokens trained to represent a more complex relationship, increase the performance of models, and bring about a multiplier increase in arithmetic.
Between 2021 and 2030, the combined annual growth rate will be more than 65%. Sealight Dwelling Number 1 is a relatively good performance, with a price significantly lower than that of British Weidaa, with a higher overall value for money.
Mainstream business computing software and artificial intelligence software, on the basis of which companies have built self-opened and complete software stores (including “dtk(dcutoolkit), the development of tool chains, model warehouses, etc.) to raise barriers to product competition.
"Deepseek issues continue to ferment, modeling accelerates, and we believe that sealight information is a leading company in state-of-the-art microprocessors that will continue to benefit in the future — 11th of February 2025.
Performance is expected to continue to grow as a result of the impact of the replacement of national production and the surge in the need for smart money.
Speed of the race - i News Letter during the 25th Year Spring Festival: international instability: technology research and development is below expectations: i.e., development is below expectations. 1 National high-end processor flagship.
1.1 cpu and gpu are two-wheel-drives to continuously increase product competitiveness. Sealight Information was created in 2014 as Tianjin Sealight, under the technical authority of the Tianjin Haitai framework, to achieve autonomy.
Design of a generation cpu product (Sealight I) with 18 years of mass production, with the cpu product line now updated to the fourth generation. Gpu product design started in 2018. The first generation at the end of the 21st year was calculated as volume 1 and the second was calculated as 23.
Launched in November, the research and development of product number 3 is well under way. The company built two product lines, cpu/gpu, low-level location chip, full of applications. 1) cpu product line: the company plans the sea light cpu product.
7000, 5000 and 3,000 series. Three series of products are technically designed in the same source, with major series of products integrated into a core of up to 32 processors, with a maximum of 8 memory corridors and 128 pcle interfaces, mainly for high-end servers, primarily for data centres,
Complex applications such as cloud computing; 5000 series of products mainly oriented towards mid- and low-end server requirements in government, business and education: 3,000 series of products mainly applied to workstations and peripheral computing servers, towards entry-level computing.) dcu
Product lines: The main series of sealight dcu products is the Sealight 8000 series, a co-processor belonging to the Universal Graphics Processing Module (gpgpu), which applies to the area of computing-intensive applications such as big data processing, artificial intelligence and commercial computing.
The company's channels are in the direction of direct sales, finance, telecommunications, etc. The pre-sealight market was opened with a major focus on server producers, and the product was sold using a direct marketing model, followed by the company's introduction of Wei Jia Kit in 2020 to meet the procurement needs of small and medium-sized customers.
As distributors, the distribution channels are gradually expanding. The share of corporate revenue in the financial and telecommunications sectors is rising year by year. As of 2021, the ratio of telecommunications and financial sector revenues was 1.2 depths tied to the middle light, and the technology authorization for the amd was solid for the company.
The company has the background of the Chinese Academy and is deeply bound to the Chinese Academy. Sealight information was released from the Chinese Academy, and one of its founding team members was the Chinese Academy expert Tang Chi Min. In 2020, it restructured the structure of the organization, and then formed a high-level management group led by Mon Xingjun and Sha Super.
In March 2016 and October 2017, the China-China Xiao Guang, both from the Chinese Academy of Science and Control, signed the Technology with the md, respectively, to create a joint venture with the Amd, which was authorized by technology.
Under the agreement, md awarded the two joint ventures high-end technology and software licences. 1.3 The performance period has come and the profit margin has steadily increased.
In terms of revenue, the recognition of 2019-products has increased further, while companies have continued to improve their product performance and market expansion. In terms of profits, we believe that the company’s products were smaller before 2021.
Higher fixed-cost inputs and pressure on profits, corporate size effects since 2021, while R & D costs have remained at around 30% in the first three quarters, maintaining higher spending levels. The increase in corporate M & A levels has been significant since 2019, with major increases in sales producing economies of scale.
The share of R & D personnel is higher than 90%, and cash flows are stable. The net share of corporate R & D personnel is positive, with a decrease in 24 years due to faster growth in corporate business, and a combination of high-end prices.
Advances in the cargo cycle and increased availability. 2cpu: Capability versus major international plant, autonomously controlled to open incremental 2.1 offshore leader with a smaller share of national product cpu/gpu
The company is a Fabless model company, whose main business consists of cpu, dcu’s R & D, design, and marketing.
The operations include the development, design and marketing of cpu, dcu, where chip design is done independently of the company, crystal round processing, seal testing is done by external means, and the company is supported by process management and testing.
The leading overseas leader, with a smaller share of the national product cpu/gpu. 1) The global service cpu market is monopolized by Intel, amd, and the national product cpu has less than 2% of the global market. 2) The gpu market is dominated by the British government, market research institutions.
According to jonpeddieresearch data, as of 2022, q4, the share of British Weida in the global gpu market was 82%, 9% in Intel, and 9% in the md. China’s home-grown industrial chains include idyllic technology, Moor Lines, Xinwuki, etc.
2.2x86 ecological barriers are strong, core core competitiveness continues to be a mainstream option for a continuous iterative casting x86 server, with national production replacing a sea light break in the market.
The length is variable, functional, and complex procedures are being implemented efficiently, and the advantages of the current X86 command set of sealight cpu are evident: 1) Ecology: Sealight strengthens its own barriers to competition with the help of the X86 industry ecology.
Soft and Intel formed a “wintel” technology alliance based on scale effects and technological advantages, optimizing various software applications based on x86 structures, giving the x86 architecture a significant industrial and ecological advantage. As of 24 years h1, companies were moving through the joint industrial chain, upstream and downstream.
More than 4,000 related innovative forces, including industry users, have achieved the development of more than 8,000 co-operative technologies, such as software and hardware optimization, and have built more than 12,000 safe, useful, open products and joint solutions.
2) Performance: Sealight cpu is the lead in the country and the performance is measured against the intel. Sealight 7000 series is a high-end chip, which is primarily directed towards critical tasks and critical needs of the data centre. Sealight 7390 is a core core of 32 lines 64, main frequency 2.7ghz, maximum accelerator frame.
It's an advantage to compare the country's dominant cpu product with 3.3 ghz.
3) Security: Support hardware design for national secret algorithms based on dedicated hardware security triggers. The need for data security for modern computer systems is more pressing than ever before. Increased complexity of systems, growth in cloud computing, and the emergence of new technologies have increased security.
In response to these challenges, sealight has developed advanced security options based on state-of-the-art algorithms, credible calculations, etc. 1. Incorporated dedicated security hardware to support common and credible computing standards; 2. Build a new generation with active defensive capabilities
Letter computing platform; 3. Provide chip-level trust to address potential security gaps; 4. Immunization “melt-out holes”, repair of “phantom holes”. 4) Sustained iterative capacity: 2019 amd announced that it would not be further addressed
In the month, Sealight II achieved volume production; Sealight III was launched in 2022 and commercialized for sale; and Sealight IV was launched in 2023, allowing companies to upgrade their product ownership. 2.3 The proportion of national chips has steadily increased and the autonomous and manageable market has led to an increase in performance.
Autonomous control is necessary, and the market for the server is wide. idc calculates that the overall size of the market for servers in China x 86 was $26.1 billion in 2023, and the market is available in thousands, and sales will rise to $39.35 billion, with a compound growth rate of 22.79 per cent.
By the end of 23, China ' s server market chip production rate was less than 20 per cent; in 2027, the country ' s document 79 provided for 100 per cent completion of the IT replacement by the company, covering areas such as chips, basic software, operating systems, intermediates, etc.
We assume that the market for X86 servers will grow at a rate of 24, 25, 26, 27 years, at a rate of 23 per cent, 50 per cent, and that the market share of sealight information will remain stable. In both cases of linear changes in the ratio of home-grown chips and 27 years of increased penetration, the company will receive 27 years for X86 servers cpu.
3gpu:llm pulls an intellectual growth, the price of the national core is high, the ocean light chooses the "self-research + open source" software route.
Gpgpu, a generic gpu, is also often referred to by industry and markets as “high end gpu” because of its focus on high performance numeracy.gppu is now widely used in the direction of commercial computing and large-scale data processing, in humans.
In the field of industrial intelligence, using the gpgpu operating model algorithms in the cloud, the training time for short-scale training data can be significantly reduced to reduce energy consumption, thereby further reducing the cost of the application of humans, and the gpgpu is the leading co-processor in the field of artificial intelligence.
The solution, which accounts for more than 90% of the market share of artificial intelligence. At the same time, gpgpu can provide a well-developed software ecosystem that allows for the transplantation of existing applications and the development of new algorithms.
Gpgpu is dominated. Sealight Deepness calculates the product's performance is excellent and the value of the product is higher.
10.1 tflops (slightly less than a100 performances fp32, fp64tensorcore accuracy 19.5, 19.5 tflops), the performance of HYD-2 has doubled compared to HD1, fp16, fp32, fp64 accuracy of 49 tflops,
23 tflops, 10.2 tflops. According to the Sea Light Exchange Note, the price of sale number 1 is 18,300,000, which is lower than the price of US$ 50 million in British Weidaa, so, according to our calculations, the price of selling number 2 is probably lower than British Weidel's h20, and the product has a higher value.
Selecting a "self-research + open source" technology route to continuously increase input into dcu software. Ocean light dcu is fully compatible with rocmgpu computing ecology. Due to the high ecological and programming environmental similarities between rocm and cuda, cuda users can use it to compare
Low-cost rapid migration to the rocm platform.rocm is also known as "cuda class." So, the RDCD processor can be well adapted, adapted to international mainstream business plans, algorithms and artificial intelligence software, and is ecologically rich in hardware and software.
A fully-fledged and autonomous software warehouse, including "dtk(dcutoolkit" , development of tool chains, model warehouses, etc., fully compatible with the "cuda" rocm ecology, supported mainstream in-depth learning frameworks such as tensorlow, pytoch and Paddlepaddle
With mainstream applications. Sealight dcu supports full-precision model training and achieves a comprehensive response to the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom, chhatglm, Consciousness, and YT50.
With a comprehensive fit with large models at home, including rhetoric, generality, etc., to achieve a country with a high demand for intelligence at 3.2, arithmetic chip sanctions that offer national production opportunities, a multiplier growth of arithmetic performance, and an over-65 per cent growth in a combination of smart computing.
The calculation required for the model is roughly equal to the number of model parameters multiplied by the number of tokens used in training, and we believe that the current large model overlaps can increase the number of parameters and the number of tokens trained to indicate more complex relationships, enhance model performance, and lead to a multiplier increase in arithmetic power.
Long. According to CS, the computing power required for large model training has increased one-fold every three to four months, and in the yb data age, the global computing power has reached 56 zflops, with an average compound growth rate of over 65 per cent between 2021 and 2030.
In October of that year, the U.S. government imposed a series of ai chip export restrictions, and in the month of British Weiwei, Japan announced export controls on 23 advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment; and a 23-year ban on sales. We believe that the "chip fight" is expected to bring better results to the country's Ai chip taps.
This paper provides a profit forecast based on the company’s business.cpu product: high-end server market demand for high-performance processors, orders
Full, the company ' s 86 architecturecpu products are ecologically industrial and generally competitive. It is expected that, from 24 years onward, Sealight IV will lead to a full increase in the price of the product line, and fake gpu products: company number 2 will be released in late 23, with a comparable performance.
We believe that the big model will continue to generate intellectual multiplier demand, and that the company’s gpu product is expected to step up to its clients in the political, financial, telecommunications, Internet, etc., and contribute to the new performance.
The cost of sealight information management has remained essentially unchanged for 24 years, with a sharp decrease in the same rate of management costs: at the same time, companies have further strengthened their marketing capacity, active high-end processors market promotion and ecological construction, and sales costs have increased slightly.
The cost of the period will be subject to control, and the cost of the period will be steadily reduced, and the cost of the research and development will be reduced. Three chip design firms will be selected as representatives of comparable companies, and the market rate of the relative valuation method will be used to value the company, compared to the average of the company 2024-2026.
There is room for upwards in valuation. We believe that Sealight Information is a leading company in state-made advanced microprocessors that will continue to benefit in the future from, among other things, the creation of national alternatives and the surge in the need for intelligence.
Technology research and development is less than expected: ai chip technical barriers are higher, national production is more difficult, and chip research and development is less advanced than expected, which will affect performance growth.aai development is less than expected: ai high-speed development is an important driver of growth in intellectual demand.
A summary of company financial statement data projections The author has a portfolio investment advisory qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.