Shinji Shan's Signals are coming across the sky. Sealight Information (688041.sh) National product cpu and dcu lead the way to high-speed growth.
On March 26, 2025, in 2016, the company was given a technical authorization to launch cpu product development, based on the enabling technology of the md and the self-research capabilities of the sealight, in keeping with its strategy of “selling, authenticating, developing” a generation.
The company, with its technological and ecological advantages, has become the leader of the country’s cpu and dcu, and in technology, the company has continued to invest heavily in research and development.
Performance follows the global first-line level and maintains a leading role among domestic manufacturers; in ecological terms, company cpu market data: 26 March 2025, based on an ecologically sound x86 structure, with a high degree of compatibility of the dcu platform and architecture with the cuda
Cpu performance and ecological sustainability in the domestic market drive the acceleration of domestic production rates. Companies based on anmdzen1 framework mandate, the first-generation product Sealight I achieves a generation of national cpus over the same period.
At the same time, in ecological terms, the company cpu uses an x86 structure, compared to the arm base data: 31 December 2024.
And self-researching command set structures, with higher ecological maturity, allow seamless switching of top-level systems, applications, etc. The current domestic server and desktop cpu markets now amount to hundreds of billions of sizes, with a wide range of national alternatives.
Together, two major factors are expected to contribute to the acceleration of industrial innovation, while cpu, as a key area of credit creation, is expected to achieve a rapid increase in national production rates. One chip is in the country’s first echelon, and the beneficiary’s home-grown arithmetic industry is on the rise.
\triangleright Chip One and Deep Count Two used to be used mainly in high-performance computing fields such as the Centre of Supercomputing, and it's a national experience.
In order to fill up the short slate of the dcu in the big model training and reasoning scene, the Division is developing the latest generation of the dcu product, number 3, which is expected to increase several times in the performance of the ai, and is expected to join the country's first echelon of the ai chip. The company dcu uses the gpgpu architecture.
And the software platform dtk is highly compatible with cuda ecology and can be broadly adapted to the international mainstream i framework and applications, while using a large number of open source components in the international mainstream to reduce the difficulty of eco-exploitation. As domestic Internet and ICSID arithmetic input continues to increase, adding up US chip export control policy continues.
Complacing, the company is expected to benefit fully from the internalization wave of the arithmetic. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: the company, as a co-lead of the domestic cpu and dcu, is expected to benefit fully from the continued increase in the national production rate of the cpu and dcu markets, with the company projected for 2025-2027
1. Sealight Information: National production of cpu and dcu leading military enterprises 1.1 Based on an amd technical authorization, cpu and dcu continuously overlapped sealight information was established in 2014 with an amd technical authorization in 2016 to initiate cpu product development through sustained push
In 2016, the company, in a joint venture with md, set up two subsidiaries of the Sealight Integration and Ocean Light and Electronics, and signed technical licences with md in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
According to the agreement, md provides technical authorization and technical support to two joint ventures for high-end processors, including processor core and peripheral circuit design techniques and microcode systems built into processor hardware implementation for processors.
Continuous overlap between the sealight series cpu and the deep-calculation series dcu products, and the company has now developed into a home-grown product of cpu and dcu sealight information, divided into general processors (cpu) and co-processors (dcu).
Heart (core), video network and various interface controllers have been integrated into a complex microcode system. Sealight cpu has been upgraded from Sealight I to Sealight IV in line with intergenerational movement, and each intergenerational product is based on a different product location, which can be broken down into a high-end series of 7,000, medium-end 5000 and low-end 3,000 series, of which 7,000 series are geared towards computing, extension capabilities, etc.
Areas of high demand for throughput include big data, artificial intelligence, etc., 3,000 series mainly applied to entry-level servers, workstations, industrial control, etc., 5,000 series for applications such as margin computing, cloud computing, distributed storage, etc.) Sealight dcu is a type of gpgpu, using a common “cuda” parallel computing structure that can be better matched to the international mainstream
Commercial computing software and artificial intelligence software. By composition, the computing module is the most important component of the dcu, for example, in the case of deep counting number one, with a maximum of 64 computing units. The company’s dcu product currently consists of deep counting number one and deep counting number two, which are deployed mainly in the service server cluster or data centre, supporting data processing tasks with high complexity and volume of throughput.
1.2 Management and the R & D team have the background of a major chip factory, such as the Chinese science department and the amd, which is the first shareholder of the RD, while the company holds a technical authorization for md through the integration of PV and RD into two subsidiaries. Currently, the company has no controlling shareholders, and the former two shareholders are China and Chengdu, respectively.
As of 31 December 2024, the two major shareholders held 27.96% and 17% respectively. In the participating companies, the integration of sealight electrons and sealights is a joint venture between sealight information and amd, of which sealight microelectronics (49% and 51% of amd) are licensed and used as amd.
The x86 processor nuclear-related technology is responsible for the development of the sealight processor core and for the marketing of semi-finished products for sealight integration; the sea light integration (70 per cent sealight share and 30 per cent amd share) is the subject of transfer and use of technology related to the perimeter of the x86 processor authorized by md, for the development of technology related to the outer edge of the sea light processor and for the external sale of sea light processor products.
Most of the company’s core management has a career experience in the Chinese Department of Science, where the chairman of the company, Menjung-hoon, was the deputy director of the State Treasury, and the chief manager, Sha Tai-hoon, was the senior vice president of China, and the company’s core technical cadre had a background in a chip factory like amd, Intel, etc. The director of the company, Menjung-ho, graduated from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and obtained a master’s degree in business administration and was a national management unit.
Deputy General Manager, and former member of the Board of Directors of China CACAC and China CSB Capital Management Ltd.; General Manager of the company, Sha Tai Qun, graduated from Beijing Polytechnic University with a Master of Arts degree in technology for products from China CCS. The core technical cadres of the company have a background in a well-known national and international chip company, such as amd, Intel, and have successful research and development x 86 and arm
Experience with processors. The company attaches great importance to research and development skills. As of 31 December 2024, there were 2,157 R & D personnel, or 90.18 per cent of the total, while, in order to lock in core technical talent, the company has set up a Blue Sea Craft Holdings platform with a 6.09 per cent shareholding.
1.3 Increased demand for domestic processors, combined with the diversification of product structures, has contributed to a high rate of growth in corporate business earnings. Over the last six years, corporate revenue growth has increased by 89.1 per cent in compound terms, and corporate revenues in 2024 have increased by $9.16 billion, or 52.4 per cent in comparison.
The demand for home-grown processors is high, while companies rapidly enrich product lines, promote diversification of product structures, and continuously increase market development and expand new customers. According to the application landscape, the 7,000 series of high-end cpu processors in 2019 accounted for 86 per cent of the company’s revenues, while the 3,000 series of low-end cpu and the 5000 series of mid-end cpu accounted for 13 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively.
By 2021, the share of the 7,000-series cpu camp had fallen to 65 per cent, the ratio of the 3,000- and 5,000-series camp had risen to 16 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, and the 8,000-series dcu had been produced since the first half of 2021 and had been rapidly tested in a variety of industries, contributing 10 per cent of the revenue that year.
Sealight II, Deep Count I, Sealight III, Deep Count II, 2020-2023, which continuously meets customer demand and promotes rapid growth in corporate income. The scale effect of chip R & D and the continuous overlap of new products, and the company ' s M & A rate, increased steadily in 2019-2024, except for 2022.
The year saw a slight decline in the Māori rate as a result of the increase in the cost of encapsulation tests, with the overall Māori rate of the company maintaining a steady growth trend from 37.3 per cent to 63.7 per cent, mainly due to the fact that, on the one hand, as the size of the company grew, the effect of scale became apparent, leading to a decline in corporate self-research, the amortization of intangible assets as a share of revenue, and, on the other hand, the company ' s continuous product rotation and upgrading of the new generation of products.
The Māori rate is usually higher than in the past generation, with a new generation of fast-disbursing products driving the overall Māori rate up. Corporate cost rates are declining and profitability is improving. Since 2019, as the size of the company ' s business continues to grow at a high rate and operational efficiency continues to increase, there is a downward trend in the cost of the company, with sales, management, R & D rates running from 2019 to 2019.
While R & D costs have declined, companies still attach great importance to the development of core high-end processor technologies, maintaining high-intensity R & D investments, which in 2024 amounted to R & D investment of R & D of R €3.45 billion, an increase of 22.63 per cent, or 37.61 per cent, in comparison with the previous year. With income, companies achieved a net return of R & D of $1.93 billion, an increase of 52.9 per cent over the same year, while net corporate interest rates were fast from 2019 to 36.2 per cent.
2.cpu: Production performance and ecological advantages are significant, information technology accelerates the rate of national production up to 100 billion in size in the 2.1 domestic cpu market, and national production replacement space cpu (central processor) is the centre for computing and control of computer systems, and as technology progresses, cpu continues.
To achieve performance upgrades, including higher main frequency, more core numbers, and a stronger parallel processing capability. cpu consists mainly of operators (alu), controllers (cu), and transmitters (registers). The operator is responsible for performing computer additions and subtractions algorithms according to the command of the controller, logical operations with or without similarities or differences, as well as shifts, comparisons, transmissions, etc.
The controller is responsible for the coordination and control of the sequence of instructions for the computer execution of the coordination and control computer components, including the extraction of instructions, the analysis of instructions and the execution of instructions, while the register is responsible for the storage of temporary data generated during the calculation of the operator, including vector senders, command depositors, address depositors, common purpose senders, etc.
cpu can be divided into two main categories according to the command set: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc). Of these, the complex command set is based on x86 structures, while the streamlined command set is based on arm structures, in addition to the mips, rsc-v frames. 1) x86 structures have the characteristics of a large command system, variable length of command, complex functionality, flexible location search methods, and
With the long-term impetus of the Wintel Alliance, the x86 architecture applications have a very high degree of ecological and developmental maturity. Currently, the x86 structures still account for a major share of the server and desktop cpu chips, while the x86 camps include overseas Intel, amd, and domestic sea light and omen cores; and 2) the arm structure has the advantage of low-capacity, simple structure, and efficient command implementation, which is soft.
Ecology, location flexibility, and command abundance are less than x86 structures. Arm architecture and Andre operating systems form the aa system, which is widely used in specific settings, such as mobile end-of-end equipment and engineering and control systems, large machines, etc. The main chip manufacturers of the arm camps now include overseas high access, tristars, apples, and domestic tethers, etc.
cpu, which can be divided mainly into server cpu and desktop cpu according to the field of application, has significant differences in the number of internal kernels, cache designs, hostboard configurations, etc., of which, 1) kernel numbers: to meet high performance computing requirements, the server cpuPush often covers more physical kernels in a single cpu, for example, in Intelcpu, which is currently available at most for a strong series of servers cpu
With 196 cores and a maximum of 24 inner cores for the combustible series of desktop cpu; 2) Cache design: server cpu generally uses a three-stage cache design with a significantly larger high-speed cache capacity, for example, in Intelcpu, with a high-speed cpu cache capacity of 504 mb, compared to a high-speed cache capacity of only 5-36 mb; 3) masterboard configuration: server cpu is equipped with a large panel
With more than one cpu-channel, multiple cpu-channels can be operated simultaneously through multi-routine interconnection technology, while desktop cpu is usually equipped with only one cpu, while the core cpu-owned card, designed for high-performance computing purposes, meets the needs, while some desktop cpu-boards have a C-card slot to place a separate card, which meets the needs of day-to-day games, image processing, etc.
The size of the domestic market is about 53.9 billion yuan a year. 1) Domestic server output estimates: according to idc data, in 2023 there were approximately 4.49 million Chinese servers, of which 36.2 million, or 81%, were delivered by x86 servers, with a year-on-year downward trend. Meanwhile, idc projects a 24-25 year-on-year decline.
Internal x 86 servers will grow by 5.7 per cent and 5.5 per cent, respectively, or about 4.04 million domestic x86 servers in 2025. Assuming that the volume of domestic servers in 24-25 years will fall by 77 per cent and 73 per cent, respectively, the volume of domestic servers in 2025 will reach 5.53 million;
2) The number of cpus contained in a single server: based on idc data quoted in the Notes of the Sea Lighting Unit, the number of dual-circuited servers in the country increased continuously from 80.0 per cent to 88.8 per cent in the period 2016-2020 and 6.6 per cent, 4.5 per cent and 0.1 per cent respectively in the year 2020 for single-way, four-way, eight-way and above, and we assume that the number of cpus contained on an average server is stable
3) Server cpu unit price calculation: Based on sealight collection unit statement data, average sea light cpu unit score for 2019-2021 is equal to $4340, 4400, 3668, of which the 21-year average falls mainly due to a significant increase in the volume of the low-end 3,000 series, while the 3,000 series is applied to non-server scenarios such as workstations.
US$) and US$ 1295 (approximately US$ 9295). Refer to the above data, taking into account the higher unit cost of the cpu products of the overseas giants, assuming that the average unit price of the domestic market cpu is stable at around US$ 6,000. Desktop cpu market size: the current total income of the desktop cpu operations of Intel and amd in mainland China is about US$ 6,000.
The Intelccg sector earns $30.3 billion a year, equivalent to approximately RMB21.7 billion, which is calculated as 29% of the income of the Chinese region and $8.8 billion in 2024 (approximately RMB63.2 billion) of the Intel Desktopcpu region.
2) md desktop cpu operations: client income can represent income from desktop cpu operations, amd client revenue in 2023 was $4.7 billion, RMB 32.9 billion, calculated as 23% of income from China district, and md desktop cpu in 2023 was $1.1 billion (approximately RMB 7.6 billion). Intel and amd combined in the domestic desktop cpu market
The amount of revenue is about 63.6 billion yuan, providing a wide range of national production alternatives. 2.2 The company cpu is capable of running the domestic market, with significant ecological advantages of the 86-structured system.
The structure can be divided into x86, arm, self-research command set of three clusters, combined with product performance and market share, and the sea light and platinum are in the first echelon, followed by fly, magnified core, dragon core, Shinwie. 1) x 86 (sealight, magnified core): the sea light, magnified cores are authorized for x86 technology through joint ventures, acquisitions, etc., and are based on quotations.
In the first generation of products developed on the basis of the amdzen 1 architecture, the first generation of these products is intergenerationally leading, followed by continuous heavy investment in research and development, and product 2) arm (till), which is a permanent authorization to buy armv8 from arm.
And customizes the cpu inner core and chip, which is based on Chinese electronics, platinum and flycpu with a certain ecological base, but because it is not possible to obtain an updated armv9 authorization, and because it forbids the manufacturer to change the set of instructions on its own free will, there is a risk of autonomous control.
The pks route has a clear security advantage; 3) Self-research command set (long core, Shinwie): Dragon core, Shinwe, based on the mips, alpha, etc. command set structure has been introduced from the masterly developed structure of loongarch, sw64, which has a higher degree of autonomy among national producers, but lower ecological maturity.
Of these, Schenwicpu is now fully autonomous, but relatively small, mainly in the area of extra-arimentation, while some of the core central modules still need to rely on mips structures, companies have accumulated in ecological construction, and currently mainstream office software in the country has completed the adaptation of loongarch, while loongarch has achieved partial compatibility x86 through binary translation in a combination of hardware and software.
Sealight has an advantage in product performance and application ecology compared to the main competitor's cylindrical and molluscs. 1) It has a significant ecological advantage compared to the seamless conversion of upper-system software, applications, etc.; 2) it has a better product performance compared to the omen cores belonging to the x86 camp, where the sealight cpu was removed from the then international leading amdzen1 architecture.
Post-company rapid digestion of enabling technologies and continuous self-research, while actively expanding security algorithm directives, incorporating a variety of safety techniques, such as cryptography, and achieving leading chip safety protection, the product performance of mega-chip x86cpu is relatively slow due to old versions of patent authorization restrictions and via microstructure advancedness.
Response (annual update of financial data, 2021), eetop, White Paper on the Development of the Calculating Industries, Network of Officials, Network of Flying Information Officers, Network of Schenway Technology Officers, Description of the Heart Central Unit, News, Tianjin City Bureau of Industry and Information, Digitimes, Tianjin Daily, Effajden Information Source Code Authority. Sealight and Amd formed two subsidiaries, one for cpu, in 2016.
Nuclear R & D and the R & D of cpu peripheral technologies and the external sale of cpu products, as well as the signing of the Technology Licensing Agreement, under which md is required to provide permanent technical authorizations for x86 chips and the necessary technical support to the joint venture, which produces chips for sale in the domestic market only.
The company developed Sealight 1 on the basis of the zen1 architecture, and the product was able to take the lead in the then national product cpu, and the performance gap with the international leading product was kept within 10%. The end-to-end score for the server cpulong series of 7551, based on the zenl microstructure, could reach 295, the floating point could reach 268, and the product of the Intel series, up to 5v4 for the same period.
Sealight I, developed on the basis of the amdzen1 structure, basically meets the technical specifications of the 7001 series of amd cogeneration products, of which 7185, similar to 7551, is divided into 281 at the Spec2017 test set, the floating point is divided into 251, with a 5-7% difference in performance from the amd product, while Sealight I is a leader in national cpu.
At that time, there was a gap of about three years between the country’s mainstream flyingft-2000+/64 cpu, which was basically at the level of the 2014 Intel to John 5v3 series, and the international leading product. The X86 technology and zen1 microstructure that absorbed amd was fully absorbed by the sea light, which was continuously optimized by self-researching after the first.
Microstructures, rapid roll-out of the Sealight II and Sealight III, product performances closely following the products of the amd generation, and continuous leadership of the national product microstructures, which companies focused on optimizing the cpu microstructure based on their own product strategy. In 2017, the company optimized the core microstructure on the Sealight I base, upgraded the core performance and safety of the processor, and developed the Sealight II based on the speccpu.
As a result of the tests, the sea light II performance increased by 22.71 per cent to 24.24 per cent compared to the previous product, and the gap between the and dragon 7542 using the zen2 structure was 12.99 per cent to 18.30 per cent, while it was in the lead in the national product plate, with the sea light II 7285 spec tested integer of 348, which was higher than the final score of the then main competition 9207260318.
cpu core and film microstructures are optimized, including the optimisation of branch forecasters in the module, the achievement of more accurate fractions, the payment of forecast algorithms and higher forecast bandwidth; and the optimization of memory controllers to increase the RAM frequency from 2667mhz to 3200mhz.
Up to 2.7 ghz, with 8 ddr4 memory, the combination will continue to lead the country's brands, including thugs and flyers. At the same time, research and development began in 2019 and 2022, respectively. 2.3 Industry innovation will enter its second phase, and cpu national production is expected to accelerate.
The IT industry began to develop from party to industry, and in the replacement system, from peripheral systems to core systems. Since 2019, IT started to develop the first round of building around the political sphere, with the aim of fully replacing the electronic communication system of government bodies at the provincial and municipal levels and above, while key sectors such as finance, telecommunications, electricity, etc. started to pilot the IT pilot.
The product supplier selects the main reference list, which in the area of cpu, is already on the list. The year 2022 was the year of launch of the innovation industry, the electronic communications system of the party authorities at the municipal level and above was fully replaced and the extension of the e-government system to regional and county markets began to sink, along with key lines such as finance and telecommunications.
In the second round of construction, the demand side will take more account of the performance and ease of use of the products. Since 2024, financial support for the innovation sector is expected to continue to grow as fiscal policy continues to fall.
In May 2024, the Ministry of Finance issued arrangements for the issuance of super-long special state debt, which will continue from mid-May to mid-November, and this special state debt, which emphasizes the self-reliance of technology, will be slightly ahead of deployment.
In June 2024, the Ministry of Finance, in conjunction with the National Development and Reform Commission, the People’s Bank of China and others, issued a circular on the implementation of a fiscal interest-rate policy on equipment renewal loans, which aims to reduce the cost of financing businesses by promoting equipment upgrades and to accelerate the nationalization of equipment.
In the alternative, the policy will last until the end of 2024. We believe that, with the continuation of this super-long-standing special state debt and the advent of the loan-fiscal policy, credit support has increased, and the growth of the credit sector has started to accelerate.
Cpu is a key area of information technology, and Sealight is expected to benefit from product performance and ecological advantages from the cpu manufacturer in the current round. With the use of a list-based procurement model in the last round of information technology, downstream business users are more focused on security compliance requirements, party-based information technology has been more aggressive about the income and performance of the listed suppliers, including Haigwang,
The six major cpu producers, cylindrical, and fly-toe, have benefited to varying degrees. And after entering the industry, the users of the industry are more interested in the performance and ecology of the product, and the buying of the product is more marketable, so we believe that the producers with the product performance and raw state advantages of the current cycle of the message will benefit more, and that the sealight, as a domestic cpu leader, has strong product and ecological advantages.
Figure 14: Changes in sea light information camps since 2018 (billion yuan)
3.dcu: Ai chip is in the country's first line, the full beneficiary country produces the Ari Ari industrial wave 3.1 ICSID continues to increase its investment, the process of nationalization of the Ai Chip continues to accelerate and the domestic downstream Internet and ICSID's computing needs continue to flourish under the Ai Wave, which will boost the domestic Ai Chip market.
1) The Internet: 23q2 has begun to actively organize large-scale Internet companies in the country, accelerating aritic investment. Given the importance of ai to domestic Internet head-makers, whether enabling them to do their business to improve competitiveness or serving tourists to raise their incomes, future spending on Internet vendor-i-related capital will continue to rise.
With regard to chip selection, h20 is expected to continue to account for a high share, while the share of chips produced in countries such as 910b will continue to rise; (2) IAC: the construction of the National Centre for Ideas has been moving at a full pace since October, and many ICSID projects are moving to the delivery stage, while the scale of planning for the newly launched ICSID project and the amount of investment are increasing.
As US chip export control policy continues to increase, British Weida’s main one chip exports to mainland China are limited, and the process of nationalization of the one chip is expected to accelerate. In recent years, the US has been increasing its export controls on the high-performance one chip: 2022.
Export regulations were updated in October to provide two key indicators of the overall processing performance (tpp) and i/o bandwidth transfer rate, prohibiting the export of tpp = not less than 4,800 and i/o = not less than 600 gb/s = ai chip to areas such as China, resulting in restrictions on export of high-end chips such as British Weidaa 100 and h100; 2) export regulations were updated again by the United States Department of Commerce in October 2023 to add more sophisticated features
(pd) Indicator, with three thresholds of 1.6, 3.2 and 5.92, a800, h800, rtx 4090 chip entry into export control list: 3) Export Control Regulations were amended again by the U.S. Government in 2024 to extend the scope of control from ai chip to all e-equipment that carries ai chip. Downstream customers, such as large domestic Internet plants, are gradually in the process of preventing the risk of chip failure.
The shift to the procurement of a national chip or self-research of ai chip will contribute to a rapid increase in the rate of national production of ai chip. 3.2 From extrapolation to intelligence, Prospective Number 3 is expected to enter the country's first batch of ai chip.
1) 1st Platoon: On behalf of the manufacturers of Hwa Tung, Sealight Information, Cold Warx, BKN, 1st Platoon Company, which was formed early, has grown over 2 to 3 generations of products, has a strong accumulation of hardware and software capabilities, and is leading in terms of product performance and volume, of which 910b has become basically the country of the Internet vendor, the country of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The production of training chips is the first option, and the new generation of master products such as Sealight Information, Cold Warcie, Kronx, etc., will also become a powerful competitor for 910b in the future. 2) The second tier includes mural technology, days of intelligence, droids, imams, etc., most of which were set up around 2019-2021 and started with an ai chip and are now marketed.
Products, main products, are still dominated by reasoning cards, where there is a gap between product maturity and scale landings and first-tier manufacturers; (3) third-tier players: including the early start-up ai chip firm and the industry-specific ai chip manufacturer, which is still in the early stages of chip design, streaming, etc., or where the product is used only in specific industries, with a smaller product volume.
In 2018, sea light was cut into the dcu market, and in 2021 it was produced. The main chip now consists of deep counting one and deep counting two, which are mainly oriented towards the area of super arithmetic. At the same time, the company began to cut into the ai scene, and the new generation three is expected to leapfrog in the ai performance. In 2018, the company started deep counting one research and development, contributing $239 million in revenue in 2021.
Arithmetic, and mainly applied to high-performance computing areas such as the Centre, has been less applied, especially in the field of the ai, and in the large model training scenes. In 2020, the company launched Research and Development Deep Count II, which was officially launched in 2023, with a 100% improvement in the performance of the former product, but also mainly in the area of hypercounting.
In order to further align the dcu product with the performance shorts of the big model training scene, the company is developing a new generation of product number 3, which we believe is expected to become the leading one chip in the country. 3.3 Platforms are highly compatible with the cuda ecology and allow for a seamless eco-transformation.
On the technical route, the ai chip can be divided into two main fields, with the asic structure being used for tungsten, typhoid martial arts, Hiranko and Kunlon cores, while the gpgpu structure is used for sealights, days of mind cores, and mural technology, moor routes, beams, etc.) Asic: The chip is unique and common and has a low-power, high-performance and small-sized advantage, representing the manufacturer including stair, flat.
Big Brother, Kulun-chi, Wu-Chyu, Hua, Ali and Pedu, with their own specific operational needs, meet their own business needs through self-research of the asic chip; 2) gpgpu: Yveida, amd, using the gpgpu structure, and national producers of the sealight, mural technology, moor-line, etc., with technical experts mostly from the amd and Yvette chip manufacturers.
The company's dpgpu structure has helped to reduce cuda relocation difficulties and loss of performance. The big model has now gone deep into the i-chip hardware level to optimize the cache size of the chip.
As a result, the chip structure influences the performance of large models and upper-level ai applications, while the same accelerators have a relatively small loss in the performance of models and applications for migration. Both the sea light and the British Weidelda are part of the gpgpu camp, which enhances the ai's arithmetic by using a large number of parallel computing units, while the tungsten, typhoid asic architecture chips are mainly pulsed around the matrix.
The array calculates that its ai core is dedicated to matrix calculations, which is much different from the gpgpu structure. Thus, there are less losses in the couda migration efficiency of the sealight dcu than the asic chip.
The sea light dtk platform covers the rocm-related components, and because the rocm is very similar to the cuda, the sea light dtk platform is highly compatible with the cuda ecology. The modum framework draws on a number of cuda design concepts and is highly compatible with the cuda. After years of experience with compatibility, the rocm and cuda are highly compatible with the main modules.
Like, in the software library, the rocm base is almost identical to that of cuda, and in the compiler, the roccm corresponds to hccccnnnvcc. At the same time, the core programming model hip used by rocm is similar to that of cuda on syntax and api interfaces, and most of the cudaaapa calls can be quickly converted to hip.
The open software platform dtk covers the rocm eco-related components while at the same time optimizing and providing a complete software tool chain based on dcu hardware, allowing for the full advantage of the high rocm-compatible cuda to move the cuda running to the sealight platform at a lower cost.
At the same time, unlike Chinese-owned and moored-line manufacturers, which develop their own software repositories, framework compatible programs, sealights make full use of open-source communities, using a large number of international mainstream open-source programmes, which significantly reduce the difficulty of eco-exploitation.
On the one hand, it can reduce the software development workload and increase user attractiveness, and on the other hand, it is easier for users to re-develop so that, according to the company ' s annual report, we divide the company ' s business into high-end processors and technical services panels.
The industry has entered the second phase, where the company, as a national cpu leader, with significant product performance and ecological advantages, is expected to benefit fully from the rapid increase in the cpu national production rate. At the same time, with the release and volume of the higher-performance Sealight IV and Sealight V, the Māori rate of the future company ' s cpu product is expected to continue to rise; and, with respect to the dcu product, domestic arithmetic demand continues to grow.
At the same time, the tightening of US chip export control policy will drive a continuous increase in the domestic production rate of the ai chip. With a new generation of products officially released and produced on the third, there will be a rapid increase in revenues from the company’s dcu product.
2) Technical services operations: provision of technical support, technical advice, etc. services, mainly for clients, with relatively low incomes, we simply, given the similarity of the business structure and business model, chose the cpu industry head company, the dragon core medium, the ai chip factory, as comparable companies. Compared companies averaged 126.0/60.1/43.2 times the average of the 2024-2026 ps, the sea, the sea, and the sea.
On March 26, 2025, the cut-off price, calculated from the 24-year performance flash report, the 25-26-year projection value, the 25-26-year projection value, based on its own valuation model, the collection price and the sps unit are both RMB, and the company is a national cpu and dcu leader, with significant technical and ecological advantages.
To continue running the domestic market, and at the same time, in ecological terms, the company cpu uses a x86 structure, which is more ecologically mature than the arm and self-research command set, allowing seamless switching of top-level system software, applications, etc.
In terms of dcu, the company is developing the latest generation of dcu products, which is expected to increase several times in the performance of one, and is expected to join the first echelon of the country’s ai chip.
With the gpgpu architecture, and the software platform dtk is highly compatible with the cuda ecology, it can be broadly adapted to the international mainstream ai framework and applications, while using a large number of international mainstream open source components to reduce the difficulty of eco-exploitation. As domestic Internet and smart calculations continue to increase the input of core ai numeracy, companies are expected to benefit fully from ai numeracy as they add up to the US chip export control policy.
High risk of client concentration. Due to the more pronounced head-to-head effect of the server industry, the company’s main customers are concentrated in a few major server manufacturers in the country, with higher client concentration, with the company’s first largest client earning 40.26% in 2024, and the top five customers earning 98.16%. If the demand of the company’s main customer falls in the future or if the partnership with the company changes, the public will be able to do so.
The Division will face the risk of a reduction or loss of client orders and an adverse impact on corporate performance. Supply chain risks. Corporate suppliers, including crystal-crystal mills, encapsulation test plants, ip-authorization plants, eda tool manufacturers, etc., have a high concentration of clients, with the company ' s procurement of the top five suppliers amounted to 67.64 per cent in 2024.
The high degree of specialization and technical thresholds in the field, the scarcity and proprietary nature of some suppliers ' products, and the higher cost of replacing new suppliers will adversely affect the company ' s production operations if the company is unable to maintain a stable partnership with it or if the supplier suspends its business cooperation with the company due to other external environmental factors, such as the company ' s physical listing.
As the process of domestic production of the semiconductor chain has accelerated in recent years, the demand for raw materials in the domestic semiconductor sector has increased, and the overall purchase price has shown an upward trend. If the price of raw materials continues to rise in the future, research and development for new products will be less advanced than expected.
The company’s performance will be adversely affected by delays in cpu and dcu due to errors, insufficient investment in research and development resources. The financial statement forecasts and valuation data aggregates are a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.