El ophthalmology.
The company is the largest ophthalmological chain in the world, and in 2019 it achieved an operating income of $9.990 billion, an increase of 24.74 per cent over the same period; it became a major provider of ophthalmological care, surgical services and medicine.
The academic optical mirror, the company's unique “staff chain” development model and its accompanying business management system, is highly suitable for billions of yuan, an increase of 32.42 per cent over the same period; the net cash flow generated by the realization of business activities is 2,078 million yuan, the same amount.
In response to China’s national situation and market environment, there is a growing trend of under-age and deep-seated eye-to-eye disease among the hundreds of millions of people.
In view of the policy of prevention and control, the population’s ophthalmological health-care awareness has been strengthened and the population’s consumption of ophthalmology has increased. The annual report of the Ministry shows that the number of outpatient clinics in hospitals has reached 6,628,200, an increase of 15.56 per cent compared to the previous year, and the number of surgeries has increased by 604,84 million, an increase of 7.76 per cent compared to the previous year, especially with regard to flying seconds in tangential surgery and high-end surgery such as icl.
By upgrading technology and products, ISPs continuously upgrade the professional and holistic nature of their services, achieving sales revenue of $1.93 billion, or 30.67 per cent more than the previous year. Cataracts, although influenced by health-care policies and fees, have slowed growth, are actively upgrading their products to achieve sales revenue.
During the reporting period, companies accelerated the strategic layout of the global health network through extended M&As, and they built land by completing the acquisition or construction of 18 hospitals and 31 new clinics.
In addition, the company is increasingly strengthening the base of its customers’ stickyness.
In the reporting period, the company offered to buy the Singapore listed company, isechealthcardeld, a fast-trading population of 600 million people.
The South-East Asian market created a global development network pattern covering Europe, North America, South-East Asia, and China.
El ophthalmology (300015): Strong growth in performance and promotion of the Global Eye Health Eco-Cycology Strategy Qualifications policy contributes to the sinking of ophthalmological resources. The company actively connects the various levels of hospitals, forming a model for regional integration and, through full penetration into provincial hospitals, actively introducing territorial hospitals, creating a uniquely branded visual clinic to achieve a comprehensive system of enabling hospitals.
According to statistics, the number of ophthalmological emergency cases in provinces with more than 50% of the population at the district level is 54.2 million, with a penetration rate well below that of the 887 million in the other provinces. The company has set up the country’s largest strategized diagnostic platform for critical end-of-the-art diseases, covering the country’s 30 provinces and municipalities, and has greatly contributed to the improvement of the capacity of local hospital services, as well as to the vertical penetration of company operations.
The company, as the leader of the ophthalmology industry, has a platform for internationalized research and development, diagnostics, and cooperation, through a horizontal extension of the industrial chain, bringing together 5g leading companies to actively collaborate in the fields of cloud computing, big data, digitalization, and promoting the digitalization and intelligent development of the health network system. The company uses an international perspective to shape the industrial ecology, lead international high-end eye cooperation, accelerates the clinical transformation of new projects, building on a domestic platform and external to the international market.
Firms, with a strong branding effect, continue to assert their position through deep-deep industry mounds, with the current market share of about 10%. As the company moves into the “ophthalmosphere” and the whole-of-the-industry development model of the company is gradually improving, it is expected that future performance will grow steadily, that the city will continue to grow, and that the company will value the ceiling.
It will continue to grow and maintain a “recommended” rating.
El ophthalmology (300015): Strong growth in performance and strategy to promote a healthy eco-circle with a global eye; The source of financial growth in the East; The nine-year experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry; was a core member in the new wealth team for medicine.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.