The Medical Health Research Centre El ophthalmology issued a report for the first quarter of 2020. q1 achieved operating income of $1.642 billion in 2020, a decrease of 26.86 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $7,73.34 million, a decrease of 73.41 per cent in the same year.
Short-term pressure on performance, long-term growth logic. According to the announcement, hospital stoppages in February 2020 led to a 62% drop in income in February, and in mid-March, hospitals in the country resumed work, while the epidemic intensified overseas, and medical facilities outside the company began to stop for a period of time, leading to the March situation.
1. " Internal growth is strong, the ophthalmology barrier is strong -- the company is active in responding to the effects of the epidemic, and we expect that the company ' s performance will gradually recover as the epidemic is regularized.
2. As of 19 April, the top 10 hospitals, with the exception of Wuhan, were largely close to or restored to the same levels.
3. " Internationalization strategy advances, growth paths continue to be validated. At the industry level, we maintain our judgement on the long-term climate of eye demand, as reflected in: 1) in the visual-El ophthalmology tri-quarterly review. "
Healthy lanes have been expanded, with a breakdown of industries such as visualization and tangential light. 2) Modern eye behavior has led to various types of eyes 4. "Performance meets expectations, ophthalmologist heads are steadily moving forward -- the incidence of disease is high, degenerative STDs are becoming more pronounced: 3) new blind eye disease profiles have China ' s
El ophthalmology semi-annual review of 2019h, Features, Metabolism-related incidence of epidemiology is growing rapidly, with low levels of awareness and diagnosis.
At the firm level, the sustainability of corporate performance stems mainly from the following drivers: 1) hierarchical chains and off-scaling replication, and multi-tier service systems have effectively enhanced overall competitiveness. 2) Volume-driven growth in old homes has led to a virtuous cycle of performance in new and old homes. 3) M & A fund support
(iv) Model innovations to improve the demand for multi-level medical services and to explore new growth points in the future, in coordination with internationalization strategies;
The mechanism is an important support for the sustainable development of the company.
Risks of short-term fluctuations in demand for ophthalmological treatment: risk of medical problems: risk of network sinking; risk of medical accidents; risk of delayed injections from M&A Fund hospitals; risk of loss of goodwill; risk of lower-than-expected construction of district hospitals.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment