El ophthalmology (300015): The growth of endogenous growth is good, the pace of mergers and acquisitions is accelerating, pharmaceutical biology is growing at a high rate. The company achieved operating income of $999 billion in 2019.
Increase of 24.74 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in the parent company of 1,379 million yuan in the same year, 32.42 per cent in the same year; corresponding gain of 0.45 per cent for the ps. 2,258 billion yuan in the 209q4 quarter, 19.84 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to the parent of 148 million yuan in the same year.
29.74 per cent. The company ' s performance remained high and in line with expectations. 3.531 billion yuan (+25.56 per cent) was realized for the Leather Light Project; 1,760 million yuan (+13.97 per cent) for the Cataract Project; and 1,107 million yuan for the immediate project.
While the growth in the size of operations has led to an increase in the volume of operations, the increase in high-end operations has also contributed to an increase in the unit price of operations, which has gradually seen a positive increase in prices, while the growth in revenue has been accompanied by an increase in the Māori rate of 2.3 percentage points to 49.3 per cent.
In terms of disclosed subsidiary operations, the growth rates in the old shops of Chang Shaa ' il, Vuhan El and Chengdu Ail were 15 per cent, 17 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively; the profit rates were 13 per cent and the sequenced chain was increasing, and the company ' s operations continued to grow in size during the reporting period.
18 hospitals and 31 clinics or clinics, respectively, were acquired or newly built, respectively, in Jin-Jin, Pu-Mae-El, Kim-hoon, Wuhan Hongshan-El; successfully acquired Singapore's listed company, the Isec Eye Group, into the South-East Asian market; and created a new Al-Global.
Visual Health Management Ltd., a global doctor platform. By the end of 2019, the company had 105 in-country hospitals and 65 out-patient clinics; and M&As were buying 100% of Tianjin's visual letters in the form of shares in the Foundation's hospitals, thereby indirectly buying Elly.
26 ophthalmology hospitals of the industry fund; to purchase 100 per cent equity and 80 per cent interest in the Olydche Eye Hospital by issuing shares and paying cash; to purchase 90 per cent interest in the Ere Sunshine Hospital and the Ere Sunshine Eye Hospital of Kaiju by issuing shares
The merger reorganization will help the company to speed up the country’s deployment, and the scale effects and hierarchical chain advantages will be further highlighted.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.