Detergent silk high, pta+ silicon elastic, Shen Xiaogen, December 15, 2017.
The company issued a public announcement that it had acquired high-end, profitable products from the sale of shares for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds and related transactions.
Different roads do not seek capacity, but rather constantly increase the rate of innovation and differentiation of products. Products are dominated by fine ones, are high-end and profitable. High-end positioning not only allows companies to have a higher Māori rate than their peers, but also makes it difficult to replicate because of the high investment costs and the high cost of R & D.
▪ The pta plant with the largest single-body capacity in the world: Helium petrochemicals (Dalian) Ltd. is the core asset of the constant investment to be injected, with a capacity of 6.6 million tons of pta, and the world’s largest single-manufactured plant. Pta has been recovering since this year, and it has been largely absorbed by demand growth.
But because of the chronic excess and the insecure raw materials, the pta investment is still prudent, the actual capacity is limited over the next two years, and we are optimistic about future pta profits. The pta industry has a high concentration, company sales are close to 20% of the market, it has a significant advantage, and prices are rising.
• The maximum standard of private refining elasticity: Sterilization is the subject of the Longsing Island 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, and, upon restructuring, the company will have 100% of the constant refining stock, which is the most important indicator of the medium-interest refining capacity of the private refining standard at this stage. Sroughing is based on an all-hydrogen route, with the slag oil.
As much as possible, to convert chemical raw materials and oils, this route will become more competitive as oil prices rise. While the 20 million tonnes of refining and integration projects under construction do not contain ethylene and downstream devices, it should be noted that the LHCs are of high quality and rich in light hydrocarbon resources.
The field of vinyl hydrocarbons is indispensable. In fact, the ethylene smelting project is planned, and is currently being evaluated in the epoch. Northeast coal consumption is relatively relaxed, and public engineering costs are low. This is a major advantage of constant refining over the Huadong project. The company expects $91.6 billion in revenue and $12.9 billion in profits to be realized when the project is completed.
In addition, there are tax incentives and zero-discount advantages from pta-px integration, which are expected to yield excellent economic benefits. The full installation of the project has begun, the fastest of the seven new petrochemical bases that are currently under construction and are expected to take the lead.
One season at a new high, restructuring continues - annual reports match expectations, three quarters worth looking forward to - first-time employee holdings and group increases
Rows, with confidence in private refining taps - 4. In-depth report on the persistence of shares: proposed injection of petrochemical assets. Refining integration projects is desirable -
The company has 1.4 million tons of civil silk production, and it ranks among the top five of them.
1.1 million tons, or dty 300,000 tons. Unlike most of their counterparts, the company ' s civil silk product structure is dominated by Fdy, which accounts for 79 per cent of the total, with about 11 million tons of domestic production, more than 10 per cent of the city and the country ' s top ranking, while less than 20 per cent of the industry ' s two largest producers, Fdy, and there is a clear difference in product structure between companies and their counterparts.
The company’s product is scalded, with 20d-100d in the main, and currently 10d below-fdy in the country has enough constant capacity to produce, and the thinest can produce 7d. The average price of the company’s fdy and dty in the first half of 2017 was 62% compared to the market’s usual fdy product, while the average is less than 40%.
The company's strategy in the civil long-silent market is to follow a different path, not just to pursue productive capacity, but to constantly increase the rate of product innovation, differentiation, and responsiveness to market demand as quickly as possible. Group companies have a well-developed downstream knitting, closer to the market, and autonomous R & D capabilities are in the forefront of the industry.
From 2012 to 2016, sales of new products increased from 10% to 27%, while the combined Māori ratio rose from 10% to 27%.
High-end product positioning allows companies to have a higher Māori rate than their peers, and because of high-end product investments, high R & D costs, they are not easily replicable and effectively counter the risks associated with cyclical fluctuations.
Ten thousand tons, the world ' s largest single-manufacturing pta plant, the country ' s second-largest producer of pta. Helium petrochemicals (Dalian) was established in April 2010 with a registered capital of $5,890 million, with an area of 4860 acres and an existing staff of 2,120. The plant has 3 2.2 million tons of pta production lines.
Using safety, green, environmental, eco-development guidelines, with advanced residue recovery systems, efficient water use systems, clean gas clean-up and discharge systems, they are known as “garden plants”.
The pta has been recovering since this year, and the recovery capacity has been largely absorbed by demand growth, with the “no-go” triggering an increase in demand, but investment in the pta chain remains cautious due to chronic excess and insecure raw materials, with limited real capacity in the next two years, and we are relatively optimistic about the future of the pta chain.
The pta sector has a high concentration, with the first three firms producing 56% (cr3) and the top five (middle petrochemicals) having 70% (cr5) of capacity, creating a pattern. Stereochemicals is the country’s second-largest pta producer, with sales close to 20% of the market and a significant advantage. The company’s equity industry is the largest and pta’s rising elasticity.
3. The maximum standard of private refining elasticity is that of the implementation of the 20 million tonnes/year integration project on Changjing Island.
The Division will have a 100% shareholding in the constant refining process, which is at this stage the most powerful indicator of the middle-interest refining capacity of private refining targets. 3.1. Liaoning 20171
On the east side of the Helium petrochemical (Dalian) pta project on the north coast of Long Company Island, the project covers 645 hectares, with a total investment of 56.2 billion yuan, with an annual operating time of 8,400 hours and a staff of 1760 personnel; the crude oil processing capacity of the project is 20 million tonnes/year, with a combined aromatic device known as 4.5 million tonnes/year (in pairs of two).
Toluene production, processed crude oil is sand weight, sand medium, and marin crude oil at a scale of 6:1:1,api27.62, using the whole-hydrogen process route, with a hydrogen content of 23 million tonnes/year.The main project works, as shown in the table below, include two common pressure distillation units, kerosene plus kerosene, in addition to the aromatic hydrocarbons combined units.
Helium fertilisers, diesel-hydrocides, heavy-oil-hydrocrackers, etc. The project uses the principle of “high start, high standard, demanding” as a general construction requirement using internationally advanced technology packages such as Chevron, Lummus (Rums), gtc, Grace, Topsoe, axens, and the world's leading professional water treatment company, Degremont
Environmentally sound sewage treatment technologies, and the creation of green, ecological, and environmentally sound world-class integrated refining plants. 3.2. Hydrogen-all process routes, with a high rate of light oil harvests 20 million tonnes/year of processing capacity for the consistent refining of crude oil, with raw materials in proportion to sand weight, sand light, and marin crude oil in proportion to 6:3:1
Count, sand weight is typical of high sulfur and acid crude oil, mixed with api27.62, with heavy oil. Normal depressure: 2 series, 1# constant depressure of 6.4 million tons of sand, 3.6 million tons of sand, high sulfur series, 2# constant depressure of 5.6 million tons of sand, 2.4 million tons of sand, and 2 million tons of marin, respectively, based on high sulfur acid.
Capable of processing high-nitrolium slag oils to improve the adaptability of crude oil. Rendering slag oils along a fully hydrogenated route, using boiling-bed slag oil plus hydrogen cracking (axensh-oil process) + soluble decontamination The asphalt blending process, converting the slag oil to chemical feedstocks and oils to the extent possible, reducing asphalt or coke production to the maximum extent possible,
Aromatic hydrocarbons are produced within limits. As oil prices rise, the process of processing as much high-sulphur heavy crude oil as possible into higher-value-added light oil will gradually increase competitiveness along this route.
Oil plus hydrogen fission i, the remainder and boiling bed wax oils, de-alkane oils to wax oils to hydrate ii, de-pressure slag oils to boil ii Boil with hydrogen cracking, unconstructed bed oils to de-escalate, hc tail oilsi to lubricate assorted waxing, and hctails ii to boil bed. For details, see the flow chart of the total hemolysis process.
c3/c4 Mixed Dehydration pp (44) lpg
Light hydrocarbon recovery, isobutylene, ethylene plates.
Head oil, stone oil plus hydrogen, heavy stone oil.
Coal concentrate, direct distillation coal, kerosene, aeronautic kerosene (371)
Distilled diesel fuel, heavy cerebral oil.
Diphenyl hc heavy quartz oil, direct distillation of wax oil.
Wax oil with hydrogen cracking, boiling bed diesel, depressure slag oil.
The lubricant oils, the boiling bed oils, the lubricant oil base oils.
Hc tail oil with 600 boiling-bed wax oil with hydrogen crack. hc tail oil.
uco dao Solvent De tar
Unlike conventional refinery practices, constant refining uses unconverted oil from boiling beds as a solvent delineating material, rather than what is commonly thought of as slag oil going to boiling beds in two separate ways and decontamination from the sulfate turning rate from 80% to 80%.
Increase to 90% to maximize the availability of scerebral oil and diesel and wax oil available for hydrogen fission units. 3.3. Largest aromatic aromatic capacity worldwide.
The combination of aromatic hydrocarbons consists of 3 3.2 million tonnes of continuous recombination, 3 1.1 million tonnes of aromatic pumping and 3 1.5 million tonnes of diphenylene. The recombinant raw material is derived from distilled lime oils for hydrogen, diesel fuel for hydrogen cracking and wax oils for hydrogen fracking quarries, supplemented by a small amount of outsourcing. Axenseluxyl is used for diphenyl sorption separation.
Art, with a certain advantage over uop's single-series processing capacity. Aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatics produce 4.34 million px, 970,000 tons of pure benzene per year, and product programmes meet the target of maximizing the output of px, which, when completed, will be the most productive aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatics in the world.
The project has begun its full-scale installation, which is the current construction of seven major petrochemical bases.
The fastest progress is expected to lead the way to production. 3.5. The landing of the ethylene project contributes to the integrated use of light hydrocarbons and further project competitiveness, although the 20 million tons of ongoing refining and integration projects do not contain ethylene and downstream devices, they are still under construction.
It should be noted that the low-altitude hydrocarbon resources of the Helium Refinement Project are of high quality and abundance and are inevitable in the field of vinyl hydrocarbons. Dry gas recovery, separated ethane-rich gases, n-butanes, pentane oils and solid alkaline hydrocarbons in hydrogen fission cerebral oils, suction oils, head liftings are good ethylene cracking materials, either burned off as fuel gas or sold out in the form of lpg and chemical light oil.
If the future ethylene project were to land and combine the use of light hydrocarbons, it would significantly increase the value added and profitability of the product, while reducing the volume of gasoline and reducing the pressure on the sale of finished oil. In fact, the constant refining of ethylene had been planned to cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and construction included 1.5 million tons of vapour fission ethylene devices and a total of 13 chemical plants downstream (including polybenzene).
ethylene, sbs, ssbr, etc.). We look forward to the company's future transformation and upgrading of the domestic industry through refining integration projects. 3.6 Northeast coal consumption is relatively liberal, and public utility works have a cost advantage.
Power centre. The Heath-refining power station is equipped with six 670t/h high-pressure coal-fired steam boilers and eight 50mw back-to-back engine units. The plant has a total steam load of 2736t/h in the summer, 2816t/h in the winter, with a total power load of 653.7mw for its own 400mw and the rest for out-sourcing.
Hydrogen balance. The constant refining of heavy oil follows the full-hydrogen processing route, the boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen fission unit and the wax oil plus hydrogen fission unit consumes a high volume of hydrogen and requires an additional 248,000 tons of hydrogen. Although hydrogen is more expensive, the project uses coal-based hydrogen, which is less expensive, and combined methanol and acetic acid, which are used as raw materials for mtbe installations and persistent petachemical pta, respectively.
Fuel gas is not enough, and some 230,000 tons of natural gas will need to be bought out to supplement it. But we believe that the Northeast is less expensive in coal consumption, and there are more gasification units on future projects to make up for the fuel gas deficit.
Coal-fired combined acetic acid devices consume 2.6 million tonnes of coal per year, coal-fired boilers consume 3.140,000 tonnes per year, and coal consumed 5.74 million tonnes per year of coal per plant. The Northeast region has a relatively broad coal-fired target and a high level of environmental tolerance, which is a major advantage of constant refining, compared to the East China project.
Once this reorganization is completed, the company will be able to market the corporate chemical and petrochemical block assets as a whole, and complete the industrial chain-level deep integration. The constant refining of the accompanying financing projects is the fastest-growing of the seven new petrochemical sites currently under way, and is expected to take the lead in building production and reaping economic benefits. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Figure 12: The price of constant shares pbband oil fluctuates considerably. Companies are in the business cycle, and profits from products such as elixir, pta, etc. are more affected by crude oil prices. Project construction is not as fast as expected.
It is not as high as expected and, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, it has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.