A new growth in the power of the pcierettimer, the beneficiary's one server, pcie, will become a new growth point. There's an increase in the demand for the one server.
The typical eight gpu mainstreamai server requires 8 to 16 pcierettimer chips. In the future, the market space for the pcieretamer chip will expand as the demand for the one server increases.
The pcieretimer chip is an important interconnectivity chip in the future data centre area that can be used in cpu and gpu, nvmessd,
Moving to pcie 5.0, which will be further developed to pcie 6.0 and pcie 7.0, pcie will double the rate of transmission of data at each rotation, and the pcierettimer chip will be used to enhance signal integrity and increase the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals, and will therefore need to be used in the future.
There will be more and more scenes of the pcierenemer chip. In the ai era, the value added of the product continues to rise. On the server, the company's product mix is enriched by four, and the products available include memory interface chips (including rcd and high bandwidth).
Memory interface chip mrcd/mdb, memory module support chip (spd/ts/pmic), pcie retimer, mxc chip, programmable clock generator chip, cpu, data protection maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks
There is a growing range of applications, such as a credible computing acceleration chip, and there is a significant increase in the value of the product on a single server. Compared to training for ai, ai reasoning places greater emphasis on computing efficiency, time delay, value for money, etc.; and, because ai reasoning needs to be applied to different ends, because
The Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Limited (HKCL) may be more demanding and diverse in terms of the related interconnectivity chip.
It is usually full plug-in, leading to a significant increase in the demand for memory interfaces and module packages. At the same time, industry needs for pcieretamer chips, mrcd/mdb chips, mxc chips, ckd chips will benefit from the development of ai reasoning applications.
email: wuwenji@cnpsec.com dddr5 penetration rate increased and the interface product dividend released gradually. In 2024, dddr5 penetration rate continued to increase and sub-heavy. From dddr5 penetration overall: within company dddr5
In the third quarter of 2024, the release of the stored interface chip exceeded the ddr4 memory chip, and it is anticipated that the ratio of the ddr5 memory interface chip delivery will increase further in the fourth quarter: from ddr5 to ddr5 torcd chips in the first half of 2024
More than the first generation of rcd chips, the third generation of rcd chips started in the fourth quarter of 2024 with small-scale shipments, and the company has launched the ddr5 fourth generation of rcd chips and has carried out engineering research and development of the fifth generation of rcd chips.
The lead standard-setter, a company that, with its strong technological strength, continues to lead the ddr5 generation. By taking the lead in R&D, the stability and reliability of product performance, the company captures the industry’s tendency to upgrade the ddr5 era, further entrenches the industry’s leading position.
Benefiting from the dividends of the expansion of the market size of the products concerned, product R & D and technological innovation have fallen short of expectations; industry competition patterns have increased risks; international trade and friction risks; and product diffusion has fallen short of expectations.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.