ddr5 is continuous, with new and high revenues from connected chip operations Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 31 October 2024, Quarterly Report of Science and Technology Bulletin 2024, first three quarters of the company
Billion dollars, 311.4 per cent more than the previous three quarters, $870 million less than the previous quarter, 4.1 per cent more than the previous quarter, $330 million less than the previous quarter, 116.8 per cent more than the same year, and Q.D.Dr5, with new revenues from the Internet chip business.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep corporate prices, the quarterly Māori rate decreased by 6.1 per cent and the ring increased by 0.9 per cent; of this, the interconnected core product line sales revenue was $849 million, an increase of 46.02 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the ring increased by 46.02 per cent.
1.83 per cent, with a record high Māori rate of 62.21 per cent for the first quarter of the product line, benefited from a gradual warming of global server and computer industry demand, an increase in ddr5 downstream penetration and a continuous subgeneration, and a recovery in demand for memory interfaces and module packages
Reciprocal growth, ddr5 memory interface chip single-quarter delivery in excess of ddr4 memory interface chip, ddr5 generation second-generation memory interface chip delivery in excess of first-generation product; for new products, benefiting from the trend in the ai industry, the company ' s three new high performance chip products (pcle)
Retimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd chip) began to scale out, with more than 600,000 shipments from the third quarter of the pcieretamer chip, driving a small increase in the combined sales income of three new high-performance chip products of the company.
On the net profit side, the company ' s 3q24 quarter net profit was 385 million yuan, an increase of 153.4 per cent over the same period, the ring was 4.1 per cent, the single quarter non-mother ' s net profit was $330 million, an increase of 116.8 per cent over the same period, and the ring was 1.5 per cent over the same period, and the actual operating profit performed better considering the impact of the share payment costs.
As the ddr5 penetration increases, so does the volume of packaged chips, and industry tatm will grow significantly, the company's “power” chip products such as pcle 5.0 retimer, quarterly performance continues to materialize, and the “power” of new products is fast.
The server/pccpu rotation is not as fast as expected; ddr5 penetration is less than expected; new technologies should 2. Business performance should improve on a quarterly basis, ddr5 openings less than expected: geopolitical influences supply chain stability: increased market competition.
3. Quarterly growth in performance, ddr5 succession, fund management, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, etc., with eight years of buyer experience, research experience and a buyer-soldier perspective.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.