Traditional life-risk champions, asset-end elasticity, Chinese life (601628.sh) October 10, 2022
China First Coverage Report Investment Rating: Buying (First) • Debt Ends Continuous Lead Industry with greater asset-end equity elasticity, first coverage, “buy-in” rating
In the long run, the transformation of the company’s life insurance workforce has shown that the size of the workforce has fallen by 53.8 per cent to 746,000 people in 2022h1, compared with the 16.13 million people in 2019.
Long-end interest rate rebounds steadily to restore corporate valuations, while companies have a strong equity investment elasticity, and companies are now leading their counterparts on the market for nbv and data performance. 2023q1 is expected to remain relatively ahead of the Nbv liabilities: life-risk transition has been revitalized and the ranks have been upgraded effectively
The company has 746,000 insurance agents at the end of 2022h1, close to its 2014 size, down by 9.0% from the end of 2021, which is better than those in the public sector, and is still on a larger scale than those in the public sector. The company has a well-structured, well-developed network of institutions and services, more than 30,000 in the private sector, and has stratification of the network, most of which are marketing teams.
The company has been operating a 4.0 system since 2020, promoting the professionalization and professionalization of the workforce and increasing the capacity of the company's individual risk-taking manpower, which is higher than their counterparts in the market and is higher than the 53.8 per cent decline in the size of the team during the same period.
At the end of 2022h1, the portfolio of corporate insurance funds reached $4.98 trillion, and since 2018, the annual compound increase in investment returns is assumed. At the same time, we make equity elastic calculations for listed insurance companies, assuming fund allocations.
The size of the equity-based fund is proportional to the size of the equity-based fund, which combines the size of the equity investment with the result that 2022h1 companies have a second degree of equity elasticity in listing, rank ahead, have a certain beta attribute, macroeconomic repair belts have improved the equity market or have a certain value-repair boost for Chinese life.
1. China Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (hereinafter China)
China People's Insurance Company was established in 1949 and became our main insurance provider in the mid-1950s, but China People's Insurance Corporation suspended our local insurance operations in 1958 and resumed its life insurance operations in 1982 and became the only life insurance policy available at that time.
In 1996, the China People’s Insurance Corporation (PRCI) carried out a reform of its system and transferred its operations to four affiliated companies, including the Chinese Lifeguard Insurance Service, which changed its name to the Chinese Life Insurance Department (former member of the Chinese Life Group) in mid-1999.
In January 2007, China’s Treasury held 90% of the group’s shareholding and became the real control of life in China.
The gold company holds 2.51% of the company and 0.41% of the company ' s shares become the second and third largest shareholders (excluding h shares).
Of these, three executive directors, five supervisors and 12 senior managers, a total of 23, mostly with experience in the insurance industry and related industries, as well as work experience in relevant departments, subsidiaries and subsidiaries within the company.
The chairman of the group and the director of the National Development and Investment Corporation Ltd. have served in financial institutions such as the Business and Industry Bank, have extensive experience in the financial and insurance sectors, and are relatively familiar with Chinese life. In addition, many executives of the company, Zhao Peng, Li Ming Guang, Huang Soo-mi, Nguyen Qi, Yang Hong and others, are training cadres within the company and working deep.
Businesses, specialized companies, which are familiar with industry and companies, contribute to the efficiency of corporate management and strategic implementation. Company-owned personal insurance operations, with sound off-line sales channels, run-off industries. Company-led companies with more than 810,000 salesmen, including 746,000 risk plates, 410,000 group insurance channels, silver.
There are currently approximately 317 million valid long-term life insurance policies, annuities contracts and long-term health insurance policies in urban and rural areas of the country. The firm market position of the company is strong and the market for life insurance is the first place in which the market is maintained. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s life insurance income was 43.97 billion yuan, or 10 per cent of the population.
21.5 per cent premium revenue from insurance companies, first on the market, with $1.25 trillion worth of life insurance in it, and first on the market. Figure 4: Corporate life insurance, with its value in it, continues to be a leading partner in the market. Figure 3: 2022H1 Company life insurance premium income is the highest in the city.
Corporate transformation has been successful, and innovation for change has continued. In January 2019, the company clearly revitalized its national life strategy, making it clear that the three transformations, the twin-mindedness of the strategy, the convergence of capital, and the launch of the “new project” in September of the same year, defining the overall structure, direction and objectives of the reform, completing organizational restructuring, and then moving forward as one.
In 2022, companies advanced their supply-side structural reforms, promoted the upgrading of the business model, and deepened the “one-size-fits-all” marketing layout, a risk channel.
With the introduction of the "Big Health" project, which promotes the professionalization and professionalization of the workforce and accelerates the construction of the "Insurance+Services" model, and the upgrading of the range of services provided in line with the needs of clients, and the creation of barriers to its own "product+Services" model through the "Big Health" "Big Old People" scheme, the company will continue to deepen its reforms and innovations.
Focal focus area transition upgrade. Figure 7: Corporate nbv outperforms peers since 2019 1.2, market position is strong, profit performance is highest
The company’s share of insurance premiums in 2004 amounted to $14.70 billion, with a significantly higher rate of 47.0 per cent than that of other partners. The company’s life insurance premiums in 2021 amounted to $61.833 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of +8.20 per cent.
As a result of the growing number of market players and the increasing competition, some small and medium-sized risk companies have launched large-scale products or silver insurance channels, the share of companies declined to the lowest level of 19.2% in 2019, but it is still the industry’s top priority. At the same time, the effect of the transformation of the “one-size” distribution of companies has been evident, with a return to life-risk markets, with 2021.
Debt end: life insurance transition rejuvenates, nbv wins a new business for three consecutive years, and the value of a new business is better than that of a partner for nearly two years, and life insuranceev is a leading partner in the market. 2019-2021, -48.4%, life insurance transitions have been successful. Nbv size, 2020, Nbv58.37 billion.
China ' s life expectancy of 2022h1 is higher than the value at the beginning of the year +4 per cent, and is higher than the size of China ' s safe company, a listed partner, and in the lead in the life-risk industry. Figure 12: Corporation ' s Nbv size is back first since 2020
Figure 13: Company nbv leads the list since 2019. Figure 14: Company life insuranceev ranks first on the list. Figure 15: Companyev is close to the list.
Figure 16: Differences in corporate returns on investment have delayed changes in figure 17: Companyev expects a lower share of returns than its listed counterparts, a larger team of companies than its listed counterparts, and a bottom-line network stratification. Company risk agent at the end of 2022h1
It has a well-structured, well-established network of institutions and services, more than 30,000 layoffs and a layering of the offline network, most marketing teams in the county and village towns, most of the show teams in the central and central cities, in the end of 2022h1, 476,000 in the marketing team and 27,000 in the collection team.
The company has been successful in transforming and upgrading its life-risk teams. Since 2020, it has introduced a risk-readiness 4.0 system, which promotes professionalization, professionalization, focusing on the development of managers, new human formation, and effective addition of three new systems. By the end of 2022H1, the company ' s risk-rough capacity had declined from its peak of 16.13 million in 2019.
860,000 people, or 53.8 per cent of the decline, while the company’s risk-taking manpower capacity increased significantly, with a monthly average per capita share of new insurance premiums. At the same time, the decline in the company’s workforce has gradually narrowed, the size of the workforce has steadily stabilized, the performance of the team has been relatively stable, and the launch of a special project for the promotion of the "Board Plan" by 2022h1 is expected to accelerate the transformation of the company further.
The company ' s margins fell better than their counterparts, the ratio of new health insurance policy premiums was on the rise, the yearly structure of contributions was slightly affected by changes in product structure, but the company ' s new single value rate was better than that of its counterparts before the outbreak, and the share of guaranteed products, such as health insurance, was on the rise overall, with the ratio of the first annual health insurance premium of 2022H1 reaching 34.4 per cent.
Figure 21: Increase in the size of the new policy premium for company health insurance from year to year Figure 22: Increase in the share of the new policy premium for company health insurance as a whole
Figure 23: Gross contributions to corporate health insurance are less than the share of listed partners in figure 24: The proportion of companies paying premiums for the first 10-year period and above has decreased. Companies are mainly covered by one insurance channel, and the silver cover is re-enacted.
93.9 per cent of new insurance premiums for companies from 2020 to date have declined slightly, and the share of companies from 2020 to date has declined in the same time as the share of companies from 2020 to 2020.
The company actively integrates health resources, both online and internal and external, and participates in the construction of a healthy China. The Great Health Fund invests in more than 40 enterprises, integrates resources for medical care, medicine and hospitals, and provides health management services for its clients. As of the end of 2021, the company was in charge of health insurance.
In total, more than 600 projects have been commissioned for the management of impairments and insurance for major diseases, covering more than 100 million people and 350 million people respectively. Companies have continued to enrich the Great Health Platform services with more than 7.3 million new registered users in 2021, with more than 26 million registered and more than 10 million service users.
The company expands the scope of insurance coverage on topics such as health and old-age, enriches the supply of product services, and meets the needs of the population for diversity throughout its life cycle.
By March 2022, the company had insured more than 52 million old-age insurance operations with a cumulative reserve of approximately 1.7 trillion yuan, while the company was involved in the domestic long-term care insurance, providing security for more than 23 million people and supporting the financing of old-age services for the disabled. In the first half of 2022, China ' s Life Pension Fund accelerated the integration of well-being.
Through the National Pension Fund, multi-level old-age services such as old-age, community-based old-age and institutional care are actively provided. The company currently operates the Concubine Community Home, the Conking Community Home, and the Salt Fields.
At the end of the year, China's life insurance portfolio of $4.98 trillion has grown at an annual compound rate since 2018.
The ratio of cash and term deposits is 13.1 per cent, at the middle level of the industry, and the ratio is declining from year to year. In response to the downward trend in long-end interest rates, the investment occupancy rate of corporate insurance funds is rising.
Corporate real estate accounts for less than 4% of total investment assets, and investment risks are slightly lower than those of a listed partner. In conjunction with listing risk, corporate disclosure data and performance publication, we measure the exposure of listed companies to total investment capital, which is about 4% Chinese life, 4.5% Chinese peace, 4.6% Chinese taupe, and about 15.9% Chinese life expectancy.
The share of open-door assets is lower than that of major listed partners, and the investment risk is slightly lower than that of listed partners. The estimated share of publicly listed partners’ equity funds is 50.3% safe in China and 62.6% in China's Chinese Pacific Guards.
At this level, the company currently has more static pev valuations than the average static pev valuations of the three comparable listed risk companies were 0.41, with China’s safety, China’s Taibo, and Xinhua’s static pev valuations at 1.1%/0.7%/0.0% for almost five years, respectively.
There may be further scope for the valuation. The company has more elasticity and has a certain bita properties. We make equity elastic calculations for listed risk companies based on the size of the equity and equity fund based on the equity and equity fund model as compared to the net assets of the parent, by assuming the equity fund in the fund allocation.
The size of the equity-based fund was determined with a view to determining the size of the equity fund, which resulted in 120.9 per cent Xinhua insurance, 103.4 per cent Chinese life, 89.7 per cent Chinese, 49.2 per cent Chinese, 45.4 per cent Chinese peace, 40.9 per cent Chinese fiscal policy, and a relatively large number of Chinese life-related rights and interests.
A beta attribute, macroeconomic repair leading to an improvement in the equity market or some valuation of China’s life led by more than 5 per cent in the case of equity holdings and more than 5 per cent in the case of shareholders with an aggregate equity share of more than 5 per cent in the case of related parties, 36.0 per cent in the case of China’s Xinhua insurance and 22.5 per cent in the case of Xinhua insurance.
The debtor-end running industry, with a strong head risk position, a relatively large asset-end equity elasticity, first coverage, and a “buy-in” rating. The firm has a long-standing background, has continued to have the highest rate of personal insurance premiums, and has a strong market position. Since the launch of the revitalization strategy in 2019, nbv has won the industry for three consecutive years, with a life risk section.
In the long run, the effect of the transformation of the company’s life insurance team is evident, with a significant increase in the average monthly output per risk person in the first half of the year from 99.5% to 17532 yuan over the same period in 2019, followed only by China, to accelerate the progress of the company’s transformation and strengthen the edge of its debt. In the short term, long-end interest rates are rising steadily compared to the company’s estimate.
Value repair, coupled with a strong equity investment elasticity and a certain bita attributes. The company’s current nbv leading the market with its data performance is expected to remain relatively ahead of the nbv. We expect that the epidemic will repeatedly affect some parts of the company’s performance; the company’s life risk transition has progressed less than expected.