After the company published its 2018 quarterly report on 19 April, the company achieved revenue of $34,384 million, a year-on-year increase, benefiting from an increase in the price of acetic acid.
39.83 per cent long and 734 million yuan, or 133.91 per cent more than the previous year, of the net return to the mother, with a significant increase in performance benefiting mainly from the rise in the price of acetic acid \triangleright
The corporate business income ring grew by 8.29 per cent in the first quarter, the parent net profit ring by 96.16 per cent, the sales rate by 9.76 percentage points in the same year, and the ring by 10.06 percentage points to 30.14 per cent, which was the best on the market. The average price of acetic acid in the country’s East China region was 4610 yuan per quarter, an increase of 64.9 per cent in the same period.
The average price difference for ethanol was $2853 per ton, an increase of 150.1% in the same year, and the company's quarterly Acetic Acetic and Derivative operations sold 150.7 million tons, and we believe that the company's significant growth in its performance in the first quarter has largely benefited from a substantial increase in the price of acetic acid. Moreover, the average price of urea in Shandong was $1943 per ton in the first quarter of this year, an increase of 15.5% in the same year, which is a difference.
In addition, the price and price differentials for products such as methanol, butocnool increased in the first quarter of this year compared to the same period, and the company ' s performance in the first quarter also benefited from greater profitability.
The company's 50,000-ton ethanol project installation is working well, product quality has reached polyester level, based on the company's advanced synthetic gas process, and the company's ethanol project will have a greater cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market.
In addition, the company invested $2.6 billion in a 500,000-ton coal ethanol project, which is expected to be operational in 2018, and based on the fact that about 60% of the ethanol currently in the country still needs to be imported, and the faster rate of downstream polyester production, we appreciate the project’s development prospects. Since 2018, domestic ethanol prices have risen significantly, and one quarter of China’s GDP has grown.
With the cost advantage of coal-based ethanol versus ethylene, we look forward to the future development of coal-based ethanol in the country. Thirdly, profit predictions and investment proposals, the risk of a sharp fall in acetic acid prices, and the risk that the ethanol project will fail to deliver as expected.
1. Biochemistry Weekly 20180413: Leaf price continues to rise and prices of polymer mdi and epoxypropane continue to rise.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Director of the Chemical Industry at the Pyrome Securities Institute, first author, published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal: Liu Wanpen, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Tianjin, Master of Mechanical Engineering, Austin, University of Texas, 14 international papers, cited 400+, patent application 4
Lily Cao, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, China University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, September 2017, joined the People’s Democratic Securitization Chemical Team. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,