The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which generated a revenue of 3.438 billion, or +39.8 per cent, and a net profit of 734 million, or +133.9 per cent, from mothers during the reporting period.
Increased prices, methanol-discharged q1 performance. The increase in the average price of the main products during the quarter, dominated by the heating season, was the main reason for a significant 40% increase in single-quarter performance (+420 million), including: urea yoy + 16.6%, qoq + 8.6%, dmfoy + 17.4%, qoq - 4.4%, coy qoy + 12.4%, qoq + 22.2%, acetic yoy + 60.1%, qoq + 18.4%, octanolyy + 9.5%,
qoq + 0.3 per cent, butler yoy + 11.8 per cent, qoq + 0.3 per cent, ethanol yoy + 3.4 per cent, qoq + 3.6 per cent; in addition, the company ' s ammonia platform went to production year q4, and this year q1 was almost full-loaded, shifting methanol from takeout to take-out and benefiting from the high price of methanol, and we measured q1 as a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
While the price of q1 coal purchases has also risen, it is far less than downstream products (the island of Qin q5,500 market price q1 q1 + 2.8 per cent, qoq-0.2 per cent) and the company's rate of Maori has risen significantly by 10 percentage points to 30.14 per cent in a single quarter.
The chemical inventory has been seasonally deflated, downstream demand has recovered, and prices are expected to stop falling. In recent times, the prices of company-owned products have fallen back and forth to varying degrees, \triangleright sub-products: the fall of the spring in March has fallen and demand performance in April is expected to support price fluctuations up and down at 1900 ton, and is relatively strong.
The cost of air urea has increased year-to-year, as well as the price of silicon and methanol as a product of favourable oil prices. The price of methanol will support the products of dmf that are more price-relevant; the price difference for acetic acid is more optimistic in the short term, and there will be more short-term improvements in the treatment of acetic devices in the country in the second quarter.
Downstream pta repairs are far less than acetic acid, with a long-term view of the near-zero growth in industry over the next two years, and the demand-side expansion of pta. - From the raw materials point of view, the market price for Qin island’s q5,500 power coal has been reduced cumulatively since April by $20/t to 580/t, which is higher than it has been since this year \triangleright
An increase of $50/ton, or 42/ton below the average price of q1. It is clear that the trend in coal prices deviates from the recent surge in oil prices. While the central factor in the price movement of the company’s main chemical products is its own supply and demand, and there is some time lag in the transmission of oil prices, the cost support of oil prices for the chemical products cannot be ignored.
So we think that the price of chemicals in the second and third quarters is no better than the price of crude oil, and that the previous valuation of the killing by the coal industry, despite the industry’s overall pessimism, is expected to stop and stabilize as a result of the oil-coal departures. The new start-up project will result in an increase in performance.
After q3.5 million tons in 18 years of production, it is expected that methanol will be sold out in one quarter, while methanol will yield a net gain of about 400 yuan per ton after the tax on methanol, even taking into account the decrease in methanol sales.
Upgrade, neutral is expected to add 150,000 tons of ethanol to the market this year, making a profit of about 220 million. With regard to the new ammonia platform, without taking into account the consumption of synthetic ammonia for potential new urea, assuming that all but ethanol is sold out of methanol, the annual export of methanol is conservatively estimated at 600,000 tons, with a net gain of about 400 ton per ton after q1 taxes, which is estimated to make a profit of about 240 million.
The price of the product is highly volatile: the new project is not as fast as expected.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, research assistant in basic chemical industries, October 2015
Qinghua University has a degree in chemical engineering, a Ph.D. in chemical engineering, Ohio State University, three years of experience in chemical engineering, and joined the East Hing Securities Analyst himself in July 2017. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies