Coal industry poles, benefiting from higher oil prices Company profile: Quality Coal industry white horse shares. Currently, the company has 3.2 million tonnes of synthetic ammonia per year, Lee Long Sea
urea 2 million tonnes/year, dmf 250,000 tonnes/year, acetic acid 500,000 tonnes/year, adipic acid 160,000 tonnes/year, ethanol 50,000 tonnes/year, nitrate 300,000 tonnes/year, polyol 200,000 tonnes/year, melamine 03405106
50,000 tonnes/year and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride have been successfully developed into a large, competitive coal industry in the country. Companies maintain the technological and cost advantage of leading coal industries through continuous energy conservation and environmental improvements.
Many businesses have made a small profit or have suffered a loss, while Walluhein Litt is still able to maintain a better profit. Crude oil prices have risen sharply over the past 18 years, and are expected to boost the price of chemical products and benefit the coal industry.
As a result of OPEC production restrictions and the situation in the Middle East, oil prices continued to rise, with crude oil futures rising from about $60 per barrel at the beginning of the year to nearly $80 per barrel at the present time, up 30%. Much of the global chemical production was based on oil-based raw materials, and oil prices rose.
Roe (ttm) contributes to the rising prices of chemical products. A large proportion of chemical products are produced in coal, and the coal industry will benefit from higher prices.
The price of acetic acid is once again high, and the price of urea is still high. Acetic acid: the company's latest bid for ethanol will be a point of growth in the company's performance. The 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project is expected to come into operation in September this year.
The net profit to listed companies is about $1 billion. The import of ethanol has a large substitution space, and since the country’s new production of ethanol does not meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, consumption in 2016 amounted to 1,259 million tons, while production amounted to 5.1 million tons, imports amounted to 7.57 million tons and imports depend on it.
Maintenance of a company’s “recommended” investment rating. With clean gasification technology, the company focused on the pooling of resources, it built a “one-way” revolving economy’s flexible multi-manufacturing business model, adapting production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in product markets to maximize benefits.
Through continuous energy efficiency and environmental change, maintaining the technological and cost advantages of coal industry and industry, companies are significantly more profitable than their own listed companies. Through endogenous growth, companies have developed into one of the most competitive major coal industry firms in the country, the 500,000 tons ethanol project.
Figure 1: Walluheinl urea urea urea
Fig. 4: Wallau's promotion of Acetic Acetic Acetic Prices. This rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.