The birth of pigs has grown steadily, and the cost of farming has remained a leader in the 2022 annual report (002714) and the 2023 Quarterly report. The gross operating income has increased by 58.23 per cent from 12.4826 billion yuan, and the net return to the mother has been achieved by 13.26 billion yuan.
In the first quarter of 2023, total operating income of $24,198 million was realized, with a significant increase in the number of pigs born in 2022 and a strong performance. In 2022, the average annual sales of pigs by companies rose, leading to an increase in business performance.
The company sold 13,845,000 pigs, an increase of 0.2% over the same period. In the first quarter of this year, the company produced pigs to get out of the room. In terms of prices for pigs, prices have continued to weaken since this year and have recently fallen 15 bucks/kg.
In terms of volume and pig prices, the company achieved gross operating income of $24,198 million in the first quarter of this year, an increase of 32.39 per cent over the previous quarter, and net return profits of $1198 million, an increase of 76.87 per cent over the same period. The company’s farm costs are in the forefront of the industry.
Production operations. Through self-sufficiency, companies have absolute control over pig-breeding plants, thereby ensuring the quality of farming environments and operations, high risk resistance and low cost. In terms of cost-specific data, at the end of 2022, the full cost of the company ' s commodity pigs was reduced to 15.5 yuan per kilogram, the year ended.
The total cost is 15.7 yuan per kilogram, leading the industry. With improved production indicators and higher management levels such as non-pest, the cost of corporate farming is expected to fall further in 2023.
The expansion of the business, the extension of the industrial chain, and the more rapid expansion of the slaughtering business. According to specific data, 10 slaughterhouses were built, with a capacity expansion of 29 million years per year for the design of the slaughter. Pe was 15 times higher and 10 times higher, respectively.
As a leader in pig farming, companies are actively targeted, the cost of farming has a certain advantage, and the slaughtering business is advancing steadily.
Research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium-high” and “radical” investors are suitable for use in our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.