{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002714} A steady increase in the share of the stock of the stock {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002714}
The company has grown steadily and steadily. In 2022, the company sold 61.01 million pigs, together with the country’s top priority, the country’s largest self-sustaining enterprise, which grew by 52 per cent, with 55,296,000 commodity pigs, 55,588 pigs, and 346,000 pigs.
One of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises that supports themselves is also one of the country ' s largest producers of pig-breeding products, including 13,776,000 commodity pigs and 418,000 pig-breeding companies.
In 2022, the company ' s farm-raising indicators continued to be optimized to about 28 at this stage.
In the context of the sharp rise in the price of raw materials for feed, the cost of farming has been declining throughout the year, and commercial pig farming has become a source of debt and cross-equity: sustaining industry leadership. In 2023, companies will continue to promote good field management experience and reduce livelihoods.
In 2022, the company slaughtered 73.62 million pigs and sold 757,000 tons of pork products, including fresh and frozen products. The company has now built 10 slaughterhouses.
With 29 million head of productive capacity and low capacity utilization for 22 years, the slaughter plate lost $800 million a year. With the increase in capacity utilization and the expansion of marketing channels, 23q1 has reached 3.5 per cent of daily slaughter capacity and utilization to better coordinate with the company’s farm operations and cope with cycle fluctuations.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate that the company’s cost advantage continues to tighten and grow, and that the downfall of its slaughtering operations will also result in greater risk-resistant capacity and additional performance gains. Total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares) are expected to increase.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Shinwon shares (002714); growth is steady and cost advantages are clear.
Xingxim, breeding, feed, pet food, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.