Company evaluation report  Agroforestry and Livestock Fisheries 23q1 Pig price low influences performance and sustains high-quality development stock (002714.sz)
Twenty-two years of high growth in corporate performance, with low prices of 23q1 pigs affecting 22 years of performance, with $12.4826 billion in revenues, compared to +58.23 per cent, of which pigs, slaughter and meat products contribute, respectively.
After removing the impact of higher food prices on costs, the company has largely met its annual cost reduction target. 22 years of moving from high-speed to high-quality development, with continuous improvement in the distribution of pig farm areas.
Construction, upgrading of biosafety hardware facilities, and continuous strengthening of the cost-management capacity of pig farming. The company’s sales of pork products have increased significantly, while the breeding strategy was actively implemented in 2022, with a total of 73.62 million butchered pigs and 757,000 tons of fresh, frozen and other pork products sold (compared to the same amount).
At the same time, the company has been able to further expand the size of its core herds and maintain its leading position in the country in the field of pig breeding.
By the end of 2022, the company had financed the establishment of 11 pig-planting and marketing companies to raise the company’s breeding level while providing society with more high-quality pigs.
Investment is recommended to companies for a strong growth in pig-breeding industry, high cost risk; risk of price volatility; and risk of policy change. M.A. Management, Nanjing University, joined the Galactic Securities Institute in 2018 and worked on Southwest Securities, National Tegang An Securities. 8 years of securities research experience, in-depth study of pigs.
The cycle, sugar cycle, etc., is good at industrial analysis and has solid stock-selection skills. I promised myself to present this report independently and objectively, with diligence and professionalism, for the fourth year of the new wealth agro-forestry and fisheries industry in 2016. The report clearly reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.