Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) April 11, 2025, the Science and Technology Bulletin 2024 annual report and the first quarter of 2025.
In 2024, the company achieved an operating income of $3.64 billion, an increase of 50.2 per cent over the same year, and a return to the mother, an increase of 237.4 per cent over the same period.
Since the bottom of 1q23, profits have grown ring-to-ring for eight consecutive quarters, with 1q25 returning to motherland, with a net profit of $5.1~550 million, which is historically high. Corporate connectivity chips have continued to grow at a high rate, with revenues of $1.14 billion, or 63.9 per cent, compared to 17.2 per cent.
Significant growth in corporate performance in 2024, mainly benefiting from: 1) ddr5 downstream penetration up and up, with subgeneration continuous succession, with second generation memory interface chips delivered in excess of first-generation products; 2) 3 high performance transport chips (pcierenemer, mrcd/mdb and ckd) started
Large-scale deliveries, with combined sales revenue of about $420 million in 2024, an increase of eight times that figure.) The reason for this is that 1) benefits from industry trends, industry demand is strong, ddr5 penetration continues up, company ddr5 memory interfaces and module packages show significant growth, and 2nd
The increase in the share of sub- and third-generation rcd chips contributed to a significant increase in corporate memory interfaces and module formulations, and the sales revenue from the condom; 2) the combined sales of three high-performance chips (pcletimer, mrcd/mdb and ckd) of 135 million yuan, an increase of 155 per cent over the same period; 3)
As the sales of ddr5 memory interface chips and high performance chip sales increased, the company’s collide product line Māori rate increased further, and the ddr5 penetration and portfolio volume increased as a result of industry trends in the ai, and the company increased its sales of ddr5 and accompanies chips.
The “carrying” chip products such as pcie 5.0 retimer, mrcd/mdb, ckd chip size 1.ddr5 continues with the company receiving 35.1, 25.2 and 21.7 times the price of the interconnected chip, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Quarterly performance continued to be positive and new “lifts” products were not as fast as expected: ddr5 penetration was not as high as expected: new technologies should not be used as expected; geopolitical influences supply chain stability; and increased market competition.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.