The incident company published its annual report 2024 and its quarterly report 2025, and the company achieved its operating income in 2024, both technology (68808.sh) and net profits were record high, with the company ' s annual Māori rate being 58.13 per cent, roughly the same as the year before, but interconnected.
The same-year rise in the chip rate of 61.66 percentage points has been achieved, mainly through a combination of excellent products, the upgrading of the ddr5 chip ratio and the improvement of the manufacturing process, which has effectively reduced the unit cost of production. 1) Connected chip: significant output of company ddr5 interface chip products from individual product lines
Increased, second generation rcd market penetration continues to increase, third generation rcd chips are delivered from q4 and earn 3,349 million yuan (yoy+53.31 per cent); high performance transport chips (including pcie retimer, mrcd/mdb and ckd) are in high demand and produce 422 million yuan (yoy+800 per cent).
Prince Road, where the pcierenemer chip accumulates over a million. 2) Capture server platform: benefits from a recovery in service market demand, $280 million (Yoy+198.87%), company sixth generation capture cpu
In terms of R&D costs, the Department spends $763 million on R&D throughout the year (youy+11.98%) and 21% on R&D, focusing on the development of ddr5, the fourth generation of rcd chips and the technical layout of cxl.
During the same period of history, the growth rate of the company ' s 25q1 Māori rate was 60.45% (year-on-year + 2.75pt, ring + 2.28pt), with a net interest rate of 41.21%, and a significant increase in net interest rates was attributable to the rise in the high Māori ddr5 product, which was mainly affected by seasonal changes in product structure.
Division 25q1 R & D costs $153 million, R & D costs 12.52%, with a focus on cxl technology and i server chip development. The net cash flow from corporate operations in the single quarter is $188 million (youy-47%), mainly due to higher stock levels due to increased customer readiness.
It is the main engine of growth, with a further increase in the revenue share of the ddr5 memory interface chip; high performance capacity; continued growth in chip demand; and strong output of products such as the pcierettimer chip. Investment proposal: As the application of the ai accelerates the expansion of the server market, the company acts as the memory interface core.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science, University of Shandong, three years of experience in science and technology industry research, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.