The high rate of business performance, the penetration of the ddr5 memory interface chip, has contributed to the technology (6880008) performance forecast for the 2024 annual report & 25q1 event: corporate disclosure of the 2024 annual report and the first quarter performance forecast for 2025. Company harvests in 2024.
Liu Mong-hwan Chen Wei-Gwang, the global server demand is warming, and the company's business performance grew significantly in 2024.
The demand for servers and computers warms, companies seize opportunities for industrial recovery, continue to expand technological innovation and market expansion, leading to significant growth in business performance. With respect to memory interface chips, the demand for inter-firm interfaces and modular packages is growing resiliently, while benefiting from downstream ddr5.
(a) Memory interface chips, with ddr5 generation-II memory interface chips delivered in excess of first-generation products;
(pcierettimer, mrcd/mdb and ckd) start-up scale, where: pciertemer chip downstream scale application, mrcd/mdb chip and ckd chip start to be tested in industry model, with combined sales revenue for three new products of approximately $422 million, eight times as high as in the previous year,
The company contributed a new performance growth point. By branch of business, the company’s interconnected chip product line was sold $3.349 billion, representing an increase of 53.31 per cent over the previous year, and a Māori rate of 63.66 per cent, an increase of 1.30 percentage points over the previous year; and capture of the server platform’s platform’s product line was sold at $280 million, compared with $280 million.
R & D drives innovation development, with more than 24q4 performance indicators re-innovating. Corporations drive enterprise development through R & D innovation, with a total R & D input cost of $763 million in 2024 (costed, capitalized).
New, steady progress in product R & D and iterative upgrading, constant enrichment of product categories and leading to higher performance; quarterly, in the fourth quarter of 2024, companies achieved business income of $1,068 million, an increase of 40.43 per cent, and ring growth of 17.90 per cent.
The net profit of company owners net of non-recurring gains and losses is $374 million, an increase of 74.87 per cent over the same year, and the demand for ddr5 memory interface chips is high, resulting in a higher volume of output. 25q1 business performance continues to grow at a high rate and is expected to grow well throughout the year.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company expected revenue from the sale of the interconnected chip, net profit return, net profit recovery from the parent deduction, a return to a single quarter of the company's history, in which proceeds from the sale of the interconnected chip, net profit return, net profit deduction from the parent owner were realized for eight consecutive quarters.
A significant annual increase in high-performance chip demand is expected to be positive. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a with a depth of 300 index points; and a three-board index for the new three-board frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.