Strong growth in motor business, new cycle & internationalization to drive corporate cross-cutting development
On the evening of 26 March, Biadi published its 23-year report. 23-year corporate delivery of 3 million vehicles to sustain strong business growth, overall in line with expectations: Biadi Three Quarterly Review: 23q3 performance exceeded expectations, with significant profitability raised
$180.4 billion, corresponding/ring ratio +15.14%/+11%. Of this amount, 483.45 billion was collected for automobile operations, 23q2 performance met expectations, future period - mid-point Biadi 23h1.
q4 net return to the mother was 8.674 million yuan, corresponding to / ring ratio + 18.6 per cent/-16.7 per cent, of which the gross motor vehicle business 1, with high sales driving the firm’s performance, was strong and in line with our expectations. In 23 years, the company sold 3,0244 million vehicles, compared with 67.8 per cent of the total product matrix/excellent technology.
Supports the firm position of the company at the middle and lower end of the market, with market pricing rights. q4 companies sell at a reduced price for sales and lower their bikes and profits, but remain strong throughout the year, with a 2nd, new cycle of the company and a wide space for internationalization.
The city is largely over, and new cars such as Yuan/Qinl/Hanl will be on the market, and the new engine will continue to hit high-end markets. The new cycle will drive companies to continue.
Corporate Basics (RMB 2) Corporate performance abroad: 24 years of new entry into the Mexican market, sustained use in countries such as Thailand/Brazil/Israel, increased vehicle supply on the road .
Large-scale use, weak power of electricization of overseas cars, and vast scope for companies in overseas markets. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Biadi as the leader of the domestic automobile industry, 24 years of corporate product cycle upwards, overseas market
Accelerator, intelligent and thin-haired, with a significant cost advantage in terms of scale. In combination with the company ' s new vehicle cycle and seaboard strategy, we expect the company to make a net profit in 24-26 years, respectively.