The company review report  The automobile industry  The scale effect has helped boost the profitability of bicycles, technological progress, Beadi (002594.sz)
The event: the company released its financial report for the year 2023, which generated 60,231.5 billion yuan in operating income for the year.
The same ratio +42.04 per cent achieved a net return profit of $30.41 million, the same rate +80.72 per cent, a net deduction of 80.72 per cent, an increase in revenue driven by higher vehicle sales, and a cost of lithium carbonate plus a large-scale single-carriage booster, Qin JiQin
During the year, the company sold 3,0.29 million vehicles in vehicles, +69.07 per cent of the same year, contributing $40,6628 million in operating income. The price decline was mainly due to the company ' s introduction of the championship version of the flagship products in early 2023, relying on the industry ' s leading new energy products manufacturing technology, which led to new energy versus fuel trucks at lower prices for products.
Substitution, but the company continuously upgrades its product performance to “no price reduction” and drives the continuous upgrading of its own branding of new sources of energy. The scale effect of higher sales and technological upgrades, combined with lithium carbonate prices, continues to boost the company’s profitability, with automobiles, automobile-related products and their associated products for the entire year 2023.
The Māori ratio of his product rose by 2.63 per cent to 23.02 per cent over the same period, and hit the price reduction effect of the company’s product, driving the profits of the single car up. Cutting out Biadi’s electronic profits, under the assumption of a balance of profit and loss on photovoltaic and storage capacity, 10,000 yuan, or 23.79 per cent more than in the first half of the year, was the lead in new energy vehicle manufacturing and technology.
The cost structure continued to be optimized during the period, and channels were accelerated to provide a solid foundation for the entire product matrix. In 2023, the relative depth of 300 performances was higher.
The D+Porsche’s $5-1 million product price belt, with the company forming a full product matrix of the Dynasty + Sea + Rising + Looking Up + Equator Leopard, covering the low-medium-high end full price belts, will provide a solid basis for continued growth in sales. On the other hand, the scale of the increase in management costs is increasing.
High-intensity R & D accelerates the transformation of technology results, and new technologies continue to expand in size and cost advantage. In 2023, the ratio of R & D personnel rose to 14.62%, and companies will continue to be driven by R & D, consolidating scale and cost excellence.
In terms of size advantages, in 2023, companies published volatile, cloudy, dmo super-mixed off-road technology, such as the Biade platform, which led to differentiated competitiveness of high-end products and a rise in high-end brand sales.
(002594.sz): 3 million new products, high-end products, export generation of three major growth dynamics in 2024 were sold throughout the year.
In terms of cost advantages, in early 2024, the company launched a major product re-pricing - a glory version, with a further reduction in the price of the product while upgrading the configuration, and an iterative advance in electro-dynamic technology.
The price of the product continues to look for a solid foundation, and the company maintains a steady profit level as it leads the new energy truck to the fuel truck. Looking ahead, the company will also launch a new multi-generation hybrid system platform this year, which is expected to be applied to new models like Qinl and seal 06, leading to a further drop in the product.
The efficiency gains have been positive in the process of reshaping the new energy vehicle market pattern. We believe that the public sector’s technological edge in electric and intelligent technology will continue to drive the growth of corporate sales, thus maintaining sales of 3.8 million vehicles to companies throughout the year, and the expected sales of 500,000 vehicles for export will remain unchanged.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.