Export support profit 2024 at high end + intelligent evolution 30/01 2024 \triangleright \triangleright
82.4/975,000 vehicles, $965.920 billion for Byadi's non-profits and $10.0/640 million for Biadi's electronics (projected) discounts, according to our calculations, further reduction in the cost of the entire car and the combined impact of industrial impulses, firm discount magnification and other factors, domestic car profits
Tens of thousands of q4 export sales continue to boost profits. Looking forward to next year, Songl, Sea Lion, Stretch, Equator Leopard will all be expected to contribute to the increase, and the company will form a high-end brand matrix of ups and downs, full-blown shocks across price belts and double price gains.
In 2023, the company sold thousands of new energy vehicles abroad; in September, the Uzbek State-owned group of holdings announced that it would establish a joint venture with Biadi, a series of comments on Biadi (002594.sz): monthly sales.
In December, Biadi announced that he would build a new energy whole production base in the city of Segrad, Hungary. The company’s new energy products were so powerful that they accelerated the deployment of overseas markets, and we judged that the company was expected to reach the sea in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australia.
In January 2024, Biadei officially released the entire car, the smart architecture “silent” and the “silent model”, which gave a high speed noa head at n7/8.
The navigational function, while the urban pilot function, will be delivered in the first quarter of 2024; the chairman of the board, Mr. Wang Tofu, said that a high-level smart driving aid system of over $200,000 and over 300,000 would be available in the future. In 2024, the company will be very intelligent, with a huge sales base plate, and a build-up of intelligent technology.
The company is expected to accelerate ahead and remain in the lead in the second half of the smart race, with the new car-type intensities. Investment advice: We see the company’s technology-driven product and brand power going up, accelerating the trip to the sea to \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or observations contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.