Performance meets expectations. Four quarters of the year, $180.4 billion in operating income was achieved, i.e., 15 per cent, ring + 11 per cent; net profit on maternity was $8.67 billion, i.e. +18.6 per cent, ring 16.7 per cent; and the cost of withholding non-scale effects and batteries was reduced, raising the overall Māori and net profit level of the company.
Benefiting from the impact of scale and lower battery costs, the corporate overall Māori rate was 20.2 per cent last year, compared with the trend in prices and depth of 300 years, and the cost of the downswings and batteries fell, compared with the net interest rate of 5 per cent last year, plus 1 pct.
• Impact of cost of benefits, increased profitability of bicycles throughout the year, but the net profit ratio of q4 bicycles dropped by 10,000; the cost of bicycles was 119,000, a decrease of 15,000; the cost of bicycles was 37,000, an increase of 0.2 million; the cost-benefit effect was 0.82 million, an increase of 700 dollars.
In February 2024, the company had a cumulative sales volume of 324,000 dollars, a 6% decline from the previous year. But in March, the company had made a general introduction of a glorious version of the car, with a drop in the price of each model of guidance.
About 600,000. But the cost amortization was not fully released, with a sharp drop in single-car net profit expected, and a season-long high-end + export growth would lead to higher corporate profitability with regard to high-end products.
The company’s high-end brand image has been created, and the volume of products sold and the value of bicycles are expected to rise. Outside, the overseas market is vast, and companies have built new capacity in places like Thailand, Hungary, Brazil, etc., to support the company’s seaboard strategy.
1. Upgrading and upgrading of product power, size advantage casting, taking into account the lower price of corporate glory car models, resulting in a decline in the profitability of bicycles, which is expected to expand, along with the continued listing of high-end luxury vehicles, and strong stabilization of corporate profitability in export volumes
Foreign exports are not as expected. National tariff policies for export purposes, international political relations, construction of local canals, and accompanying recharge facilities, consumer recognition of electric cars affect companies.
The higher end of the product is influenced by soft power such as cultural deposits, brand values, and domestic manufacturers, joint-venture importing cars, more competitive markets.
3. The counter-opposition of the joint ventures affects the company’s basic turnover. The joint ventures are profitable and have competitive advantages, and are therefore constantly concerned about the risk of the joint ventures using price wars to counter-optimise them.
Ma, Swe, who holds positions in the strategic, market, product and research core sectors, has many years of experience in primary and secondary markets, has a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electronic + automobile/industry + finance, and has full coverage in the automobile industry, using information on legal compliance, and has produced the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.