3 million vehicles sold year-round, new products, high-end Biadi (002594.sz) and exports generated three major growth dynamics in 2024.
The number of vehicles sold in the new energy industry is 3,024,400, or +61.9 per cent, of which 3,029 million, or +62.2 per cent, are sold in vehicles.
Qin JiQin sold 3.8 million vehicles a year, the same year +25%. The company's sales for a single month reached an all-time high, helped to sell 3 million vehicles a year and, by structure, 1.5748 million electric vehicles a year.
The same year +72.84%, the increase is much higher than the industry average, with pure electric power accounting for 52.3% of the new energy use vehicle sales, plugged in, and nearly 9 million new energy use vehicles in the country, with more than a third of the company’s market share and a steady head of the industry. For 2024, companies are expected to continue to draw attention to their well-developed product layout and solid brand reputation.
With the growth of the domestic market for new energy vehicles, the accelerated deployment of overseas markets has led to an increase in corporate sales, while the domestic and foreign markets and aid companies continue to grow at a high rate, with the company expected to sell 3.8 million new energy vehicles in 2024, with export sales expected to reach 500,000.
High-end strategy results are emerging, and the "Step + Equation Leopard + Looking Up" product matrix is showing a remarkable performance in 2023 in high-end areas with a strong corporate focus, with a relatively deep 300-percent performance year-round.
One hundred and twenty-seven thousand vehicles have been sold, with a monthly average of more than 10,000 and a fast-track mpv market champion after the market. In December, a rapid climb in the u8 production was expected, with 1593 sales, and an equation leopard's lead vehicle, with 5,086 first-month sales, and high-end product layouts, with the completion of the product matrix.
Well, Quake+Equal Leopard + Looking Up continues to open up high-end segmented markets, contributing to the sale of a growing advantage of full price belts, and effective smoothing of sales of old and new products. Based on productivity, strengths and excellent product design capabilities, companies have developed full-priced products ranging from micro-to-large vehicles.
Built, the help company has acquired a reputational advantage throughout the market. Brand advantage drives the firm’s sales to a steady medium. On the one hand, the company’s sales of old products continued to be strong, with the Han/Don/Song/Qin family selling 22.84/13.72/48.21/6423 million each year in 2023, and the championship model successfully relayed at the beginning of the year.
Prices, sales continue to be a steady segment of the market, with 3674,000 dolphins sold throughout the year, and brand effects help companies to maintain market competitiveness; on the other hand, the company's new items are marketed quickly and market attention, and sales are high.
With the exception of Leopard 5, the orders and sales of seagulls, Songl and other products have grown rapidly after they have been marketed, _ economies of scale combined with lower prices of raw materials, and the Māori rate has improved significantly. In December, the sales of seagulls were over 50,000, and the first month of Songl was over 10,000, benefiting the company.
Bajadi reports a performance rating: single-car Māori, endorsement of head-market position, and new products continue to contribute to the company’s growth dynamic.
Globalization has accelerated, with exports becoming the third point of growth in sales, with exports expected to reach 500,000 vehicles in 2024, or +106% in comparison with the previous year. In addition to the twin forces of strong middle- and low-end markets and improved high-end product layout, exports contribute the third largest growth dynamic to corporate sales.
24.28 million units, or +334.2 per cent of the same year, of which 36.1 million were exported in the month of December, a record high.On 22 December, the company announced that it would build a new new energy vehicle production base in the city of Segrad, Hungary, and that the external layout would deepen further, with the company's foreign market likely to expand further, pushing the product forward.
To major consumer markets, represented by Europe, South-East Asia, etc., to promote sustained corporate exports, we expect to reach 500,000 vehicles in 2024, an increase of more than 100% over the same period. Risks of uncertainty; and risks of increased competitive patterns in industries.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.