As a result of the gains and losses on exchange, the company’s main business is now growing more robustly than the overall sales in the automobile industry, increasing at a rate that keeps the industry at the forefront, while expanding its domestic and overseas production capacity is well under way.
In the medium and long term, we look forward to the company’s future performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Income has grown steadily, with net profits equal to the same: the company issued its 2017 financial statements, totalling 2017.
Realization of operating income of $18.7 billion, yoy+12.6%, net profit of $3.15 billion, yoy+0.14% (excluded share allocation of $7.5 (including taxes) and company performance largely in line with market expectations. On a quarterly basis, Public Administration 201.7q4 achieved operating income of $5.3 billion, yoy+5.7% and net profit of $1 billion.
Foreign exchange gains and losses contributed to a higher level of net profit and profitability: the company ' s revenue in 2017 grew steadily in the same year, while total pre-tax profits fell in the same year, mainly due to (1) losses of $390 million in exchange (receivable of $460 million over the same period last year) and a financial fee.
An increase of $820 million in the same year, an increase of 4.6 percentage points in the cost rate, a decrease in both the cost of corporate management and the cost of sales over the reporting period, a decrease of 22.9 per cent in the three costs for the year, an increase of 3.8 percentage points in the same year, and an increase in the total pre-tax profit, if offset by the exchange gains/loss factor
17.5%. (2) The combined Māori rate for corporate products, influenced by upstream material price increases of 42.76% and an increase of 1 percentage point in interest rates, still maintains a high level of profitability and a high average for leading industries.
Domestic automobile sales grew by 3 per cent a year, the global automobile industry grew by around 4 per cent, the automobile industry as a whole was doing well, and there was an increase in the demand for the car industry: on the other hand, with steady increases in domestic and foreign auto security, the combination of frequent extreme weather events would drive the demand for car glass after sale.
At the supply end: the company now owns 65% of the domestic market, the global market is 20%, domestic and foreign production expands rapidly, the Fulbright Global Bureau has taken shape, the United States factories have been operating smoothly for 17 years, and the US investment project has lost its profits.
In terms of profitability: with the spread of new global energy sources, intelligence, energy-efficient cars, the automotive glass industry is also moving towards energy-saving environments, intellectual integration, value addition of products, companies as industry leaders, etc.
Technology leads, has a stronger edge in product optimization, value enhancement, high-end product ownership is steadily increasing, and the combined Māori rate is expected to remain at a high level, guaranteeing the sustainability of the company’s performance growth. On exchange rates: the current RMB exchange rate is stable and the exchange rate continues.
Large upswings are unlikely, and the company’s exchange losses are already narrow. 18 and 16 times pe; h shares are 20 and 17 times pe, and the current axle is reasonable, with the expected compensation (expected return; er), as follows:
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.