The increase in revenue is robust, and the volume of the product is rising.
Annual exchange gains of $459 million, resulting in an increase in total corporate profits by percentage points on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the rise in the cost of floating glass raw materials and labour.
About 1 percentage point lower than last year, showing good cost control. Overall, exchange gains and losses affect the company’s short-term performance volatility, but excluding this, the firm’s internal growth is more stable and cost-controlled, and performance growth is largely in line with market expectations.
American factories have lost their profits and foreign markets are making good progress: to expand the global market, companies have built up a 22 million square metres of annual production in the United States city of Moraine, Ohio, and a high-quality automobile-grade floating glass production line in Mansan, Illinois, United States.
A cumulative investment of US$ 768 million. In the first half of 2017, Glossy Glass America Limited realized a net profit of US$ 90,695.0 million, a net profit of US$ 75,546.6 million, while in the second half of the year it began to reverse the loss, resulting in US revenue of US$ 214,863.4 million in 2017.
A net profit of $5.0823 million. In terms of total foreign earnings, the company’s foreign revenues rose by 1.57 percentage points in 2017, and the rate of increase was good.
In 2017, the company sold 112.64 million m2 and earned $17,868 million, all of which contributed to an increase in the share of the global market.
The underlying causes, which are higher than the increase in downstream car sales, are mainly the result of company-rich product lines, as well as the increase in penetration rates of high value-added products such as wrapping glass, hud-up glass, soundproof glass, water-sick glass, spd light glass, plating glass, ultra-violet isolated glass, etc.
At this stage, these high-value-added glasses are not visible in the medium-to-low-end pattern, so as the penetration rate of high value-added products increases further, the average price of corporate products increases with profit forecasts and investment proposals: the loss of American factories, good developments in overseas markets, and the loss of the value added in the United States.
Greater cost controls and continued increases in average product prices have led to a sharp decline in the volume of corporate carbs sold and the unprofitable profits of American factories.