The company published its 2017 report, which generated business income of $18.72 billion, an increase of 12.6 per cent over the year.
The company's revenue from glass sales grew by 10.7%, the United States company's first year of volatility, domestic automobile sales grew steadily, overseas markets, such as the United States, were expected to continue to improve, the share of high-value-added products was expected to increase unit prices, exchange gains and losses were expected to improve, and the company was expected to perform fast.
Losses on exchange resulted in slightly lower-than-expected performance and are expected to improve in the subsequent period. The company’s revenue from the sale of car glass was $17.7 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period, and the sale of car glass was 113 million square metres, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period.
Foreign sales are good, and growth prospects are promising. Overseas profits are improving, and American companies are making their first profit. American investment projects were reversed in 2017, with a net profit of RMB 5.082 million a year, compared to the 2016 Glossy Glasses in the United States.
The company has built about 3 million car glass products in the United States, and the next 2.5 million are expected to be fully operational by 2019. The company has a greater competitive advantage in terms of engineering equipment and production methods, and will gradually increase its future capacity utilization.
Autobond’s future development is energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, light-quantified, integrated, etc., with high value-added products on the list.
The value of vehicles has risen significantly. The share of high value-added products in companies has risen rapidly, and is expected to grow over the long term, as a result of factors such as the increase in size of vehicles and the increase in the penetration of the landscape skylights in 2016, and the gradual increase in the size of bicycle glass, which has led to a continuous increase in the value of bicycles for the benefit of long-term company development.
1) Domestic and foreign automobile sales are below expectations; 2) raw materials and labour costs have risen significantly.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations