Alternative consumer media (002027): Reverse expansion puts short-term profits under pressure and concerns about changes in corporate margins.
The company released its first quarterly report in 2019, which generated operating income of 2,611 million yuan, a decline of 11.78 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 340 million, a decrease of 71.81 per cent in the same year; and the non-net profit of 116 million.
As a result of increased macroeconomic downside expectations, the advertising industry rose by 2.9% throughout 2018. The media in the world of life continued to grow at a high rate of more than 20%, and the cinema media grew at a faster rate.
Over the reporting period, corporate income grew steadily, but at a slightly lower rate than last year. In order to achieve its medium- and long-term strategic objectives, the company has expanded its elevator media resources significantly since the second quarter of last year.
By the end of 2018, the company ' s own elevator television media had risen significantly, from 308,000 at the end of 2017 to 724,000, an increase of 134.6 per cent, from approximately 1.21 million at the end of 2017 to 1,938,000 at the end of 2018, an increase of 60.2 per cent.
The expansion of the firm’s medium- and long-term investments has led to a slight decline in the company’s operating profits, total profits and net return earnings.
According to ctr data, the advertising industry continued to be depressed in 2019. In 2019, 1 (002027): the performance of Ali grew steadily, and in February the advertising industry rose by 5.9 per cent and 18.3 per cent, respectively, in the elevator media and in February.
The cost of cinema-based media has dropped significantly to a single-digit level. We expect companies to earn and profit in the first half of the year because of the high number of news outlets in the advertising industry (002027) and the continued expansion of corporate media resources.
It's going to be pressured. But if the macroeconomic boom slows down the pace of corporate expansion, it's going to be in a position to push the ecological layout of the industrial chain.
Ali’s strategy is a second-largest shareholder, and the numbers will be available for the future. In July 2018, the company issued an announcement that Ali and his associates would contribute $15 billion to the stock market.
For the next 12 months, Ali will take up no more than 5% of the company’s stock. Ali’s share will, on the one hand, upgrade the end of the company’s advertising and the system’s numbers, and increase the advertising conversion rate; on the other hand, it will bring the company.
In addition, the company signed a business cooperation agreement with Ali of no more than $5 billion. Over the next three years, the parties will work on strategic partnerships in the areas of advertising input systems, face recognition and interactive technology and applications for electronic screen recognition, and ott smart TV advertising.
In January 2019, the company and Ali held a “New Retail, New Marketing, New Connection” in Shanghai.
Joint launch, joint announcement of the “u people's plan.” Director Jiang Namchun said at the meeting that digitalization of the Alibaba energy had been achieved and that it was networkable, real-time monitorable, insightable, impact assessable, and that the company had become integrated into brand-wide marketing and brand-up.
In 2018, the company launched a stock buyback scheme. As of the end of February 2019, the company passed the scheme.
In March 2019, the company launched the first draft of its employee holding plan (draft) and proposed to go beyond that.
Of these, the company’s vice president, board secretary Koo Wei, and the securities representative Linnan will contribute 20 million and 3 million, respectively. Stockholdings will be purchased and held through the secondary market and the company’s repurchase of shares.
The period is 48 months, and the lock is 36 months. We believe that the company is now introducing an employee-holding scheme, binding executives and core staff, and activating the workforce to the benefit of the company’s public media (002027), which is counter-expanding to push short-term profits and focus on changes in the company’s margins.
(002027): Reverse expansion puts short-term profits on the edge of the company.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.