The Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre recently released a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019, with a net profit of $302-423 million for the mother, which, together with a significant decline in performance, is mainly due to the cost factor of inadequate macro demand. This performance is lower than before.
According to data on the Internet, the total amount of funds raised in the Vc/pe market in 2018 was $111.6 billion, a sharp drop of 60.16 per cent. We're judging that Internet customers have increased their rent costs, labour costs, equipment depreciation, etc., in the face of public investment, and we're judging q1 this year's gross q1.
1. "Silence, in order to build up the power of the mass media, interest rates have fallen to around 40%. " The price of the Internet cpm fell significantly in January-February this year, and there will be a price system for the crowds.
According to our exclusive surveillance, the rapid expansion of Internet cpm prices in January-February of this year will also lead to a decline in the number of places on the market, with price overlaps combined with a drop in the number of places on the Internet. But we believe that these negative factors affect SMEs (competing competitors of companies) even more.
It's big, it's market-friendly, it's market-friendly. 18 years of q2 performance has a particularly high base effect, mainly because of the very high government subsidies received during the season (other gains amounting to $350 million), and the World Cup in June has led to the early spread of advertisers.
This year, q2 performance is still under considerable downward pressure, but the Māori rate is expected to return to q1. Because of the low rate of growth in the tickethouses and the demand for advertisers, we have revised downwards from 2019 to 2020.
This is expected to affect the estimate of profits; macroeconomic fluctuations may affect the demand of advertisers. States, Wuhan, Chengdu, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Qingdao, Tin-free, Changsha, Ningbo, Chengzhou, Dong-jung, Xian, 14 cities.
For 52.55 per cent, of which the controlling shareholder metiamanage release of 23.34 per cent, the 34 other shareholders assumed annual rent increases of 8 to 19 per cent for the single screen and annual rent increases of about 3.6 per cent for the cinema screen, if changes in the pattern of competition result in higher rent increases than we expected.
Macroeconomic fluctuations may affect the demand of advertisers: if consumption is weaker than expected under macroeconomic influence, they may affect the investment budget of advertisers. In particular, macro-demand forecasts for 2020 are more difficult to predict, making our firm’s performance projections for 2020 less accurate than in 2018.
Volatility in the ticketing room may affect revenue projections for the cinema media. In 2018, the rate of growth was 9.1%, and we assumed zero per cent and 4 per cent, respectively, in 2019 and 2020, with forecasts for the company’s cinema media.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment