The public media (002027), the company's review reports, the double-tracking of revenue costs, the urgent need to return to the press, the cost rigidity continues, and the pressure on the pick-up ends increases.
Market value in circulation (millions): Analysis of performance in 2018: 1) collection end, up and down, with an increase in revenue of 2,537 million; 2. Cost end, with an additional 1.17 million self-employed places, resulting in an increase in operating costs of 1,639 million throughout the year
With respect to the cost of the period, the cost of sales increased by $330 million, but the share of revenue collected was generally stable (longer, with an increase in bad debt; 6) and government subsidies increased by $136 million, as we had done in previous in-depth studies. Performance analysis for 209q1 and h1: q1 was largely in line with our previous expectations, but the overall level of performance was higher.
In the first half of the year, business performance is expected to be lower than we expected, and according to our calculations, the q2 battalion has less pressure at end of end of end of end q2 and the overall performance pressure is shifted from cost to end of end.
According to our high-frequency tracking data, the company now has a much lower rate of attendance than ever before.
A detailed analysis can be found on 16 April, when we published a detailed analysis of the trend towards a “new brand loss — unrecoverable traditional brands — declining stock points — rising income from new spots”.
In light of the current downward projections and upward trends in the company's performance, we continue to work with the company.
The company’s overall channels are under-represented, its harvests are increasing at a slower rate than expected, and market competitors continue to seize the market’s ability to improve. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report in an independent and objective manner and with a diligent and professional attitude.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.