Merchant ships (601872) Quarterly Review 2017 1 Quarterly Report Merchant ships were invited to issue 1 Quarterly 2017, with the company ' s operating income of 1.76 billion in the first quarter of 2017 increasing by 6.4 per cent, corresponding to net profits of listed companies $302 million, corresponding to 0.06 dollars, a decrease of 28 per cent, and net profits of $302 million, a decrease of 28 per cent, attributable to listed companies.
The freight rates for tankers have been revised downwards to meet expectations. Consistent with the projections in our industry depth report on 18 January, "Diversification of the sub-industry, dry bulk can be expected " \triangleright " , the reduced production of oec, the concentrated delivery of new ships, and the downward adjustment of crude oil freight levels in the first quarter from the high point of the cycle,
The vlctd3 routews index fell by 23.8 per cent compared to the previous year, while the overall tce fell by 45.4 per cent. According to Clarkson, demand for crude oil tankers increased by 0.8 per cent in 2017, power increased by 5.6 per cent, and the oil tanker landscape continued to decline. However, considering the relatively high concentration of Vlcc, freight costs for tankers in 2015-2016 are expected to remain above the profit/loss point for the whole of 2017, given the relatively high concentration of the oil tanker industry.
Brazil’s oil exports increased significantly in the first quarter, with an average distance expected to raise transport demand. Brazil’s oil exports amounted to 1 million barrels per day in the first quarter, compared to \triangleright.
According to the vessel brokerage company Poten, 46% of Brazilian oil exports are carried by Vlcc and 45% by Suez. Forty-one% of its eastern sources of wealth and wisdom are shipped to China, 15% to other countries in Asia, 14% to the Caribbean, 11% to Europe and 9% to intelligence.
The increase in Brazil’s oil exports, in particular the demand for long-range Vlcc transport to Asia, has helped to increase the average distance from global oil shipments, and has contributed to some support for tanker freight. The two kings competed for the management of the listed tanker company, dht, and the king still has a positive attitude toward the tankers.
\triangleright’s frontline company and the bwggroup of Sobovung’s global ship began a battle against the US stock listing company tholding. By selling 11 vlccs to ththolding, the global ship became the first major shareholder of ththolding.
We can see a positive attitude from the two major shipowners against dht on the oilboard. Figure 2: Projections of the increase in the supply and demand for crude oil by sea, Figure 3: Rent and idle capacity of major tankers for historical periods
The Bdi index, the source of financial growth in the East, rebounded over time, with dry bulk blocks entering the profit zone. In the first quarter of 2017, the Bdi index averaged 945 points, an increase of 164 per cent over the same period.
We expect that the bdi index will continue to rise again in the third and fourth quarters after the two quarters have stabilized, and that the company’s dry bulk ship performance is expected to rise further. The profit forecast is the same as suggested: tanker freight costs go down, and freight costs go up the same way as we had expected.
\triangleright freight rates have been revised downwards and are still expected to remain above the profit/loss balance point overall. Brazil’s oil exports have increased the average distance of tankers, China-India oil demand has remained strong, world tanker kings still have a positive attitude towards the plates, and tanker markets are expected to recover before the market.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
In 2012, he was awarded the top ten prizes (seventh place) for the "China Securities Industry Merit Award" and in 2012, "China Securities Industry Annual" for the "third place in the real estate sector where sellers' institutions forecast profits accurately." Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, Kass Business School, City University of London, four years of experience in shipping market research, held work at Clarkson in 2012-2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.