São Paulo (300661) Electronics, application extension, structural optimization, simulation of high-speed growth of ic poles, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which foresees the realization of net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies. The company actively expands its product lines, optimizes its product structure, yields and profits are growing at a high rate. In 2021, the company's performance grew at a high rate, mainly as a result of the company's active expansion of its business, improved product structure, and applications
• Simultaneous trials are snowy on the long slopes and national production alternatives are vast. According to Wsts, the size of the global model pic.ic market is expected to reach $7.18 billion in 2022, with China accounting for 43% of global sales.
The corresponding market size is more than $30 billion above. Due to the large size of the international simulators and the high rate of market ownership, the simulating national product rate is less than 15%, and there is a large national production replacement space in a context of strong domestic demand, increased trade friction, and good policy.
• Corporate power management + two-wheel drive of signal chains, continuous optimization of product structure, deep downstream demand, and sea-wide expansion.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company launched nearly 400 new products. The company’s products, dominated by power management and signal chain production, together, have successfully entered the five major domestic and foreign consumption, communications equipment, industrial control, medical equipment, and automobiles.
In 2021, the company further optimized its product structure. According to industrial research, the company now accounts for 30 per cent of the market in mobile phones, 30 per cent in non-mobile consumer electronics and 40 per cent in pan-industrial markets, where the pace of industrial growth is objective, reflecting the firm ' s findings in medium- and high-level areas such as pan-industry.
In the future, the company will continue to optimize its product structure, increase its city occupancy rate, and hopefully consolidate the status of simulators. 1. São Paulo shares (300661). Performance is over-expected, with the two leading companies expected to take the lead, further horizontal expansion of the company’s products and sustained structural optimization.
Assumption 1: company power management and signal chain product product categories continue to expand, with full coverage of five main areas (consumption electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobiles). On consumer electronics, orders remain full, but due to demand stability, companies actively reduce consumer electronics to optimize product structures. On automobile electronics, companies are now established exclusively to optimize the product structure.
Automobile teams, certification of vehicle-borne products and follow-up product development are under way, with further release expected in 2022. In the future, the company’s pan-industrial sector is expected to continue to increase rapidly, and in 2021-2023 we expect the company’s power management business camp to be: 2 because the company is temporarily targeting the expansion of its customers and raising its market share, it is expected that the company will take the initiative to assume one.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.