There's still room for development in the railway east of coal: our energy reserves are made up of coal-rich, oil-poor, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, oil-rich, and gas-rich, and oil-rich, and energy-rich, and energy-rich.
Coal has long been at the centre of our energy consumption structure, and while future coal consumption can be smooth, its importance cannot be changed. The distribution of coal sales is uneven in the region, with the central and western regions concentrated in the developed provinces of the south-east coast, leading to sound coal transport requirements.
As the coal supply side reform and the “public transfer” policy deepens, coal production is more concentrated in the Shinjong region, coal transport is more concentrated in the railways, and rail coal transport has increased in recent years.
Black gold artery, Qin Qin: Jinjong's foreign transport route is dominated by 52 weeks' highest/lowest price on rail coal transport routes, with the main main lines being the Great Qin line, the Shoqian line, etc. The core assets of the Qin railway are the Great Qin line, in addition to that.
There are railway lines such as Hoshipo, Nampo, Hoshita, Tao, Kyouta, Fongshada, Ningjiao, Keixi, Quan, Tsui River, etc.
The main coal supply and transit hubs in the northern part of the country, which are strategically located in the road network, are important in the country’s national coal transport landscape. History is working well, and it is hoped that the future will be smooth: the Qin line, which is under the Qin Railway, has been stable in recent years.
The rest of the route traffic has increased slightly overall, and the passenger plate is temporarily under pressure due to the new crown. There is still a little room for improvement in coal consumption, the Qin line's advantages remain, the perimeter routes are limited, and their traffic is expected to be stable. The company's shareholding, the Scholl railway, will continue to contribute to the return on investment, while the rest of the line load will remain.
With a small increase, passenger transport will continue to recover after the outbreak, and the company is expected to develop smoothly.
High, 7.4% and 7.5%, respectively. The company announcement mentions that each share has found gold shares, except in exceptional cases.
Qin Railway - 601006 - Monthly Rapid Evaluation: Qin Line completed 445 million prior to 2013, Qin Railway high dividends are expected to be sustained in the long term, and 10 years of national debt are currently collected
The rate of gain has fallen to about 2.8%, and the sustainable high dividends of the Qin Railway have become more attractive.
At the core, although coal consumption may be smooth in the future, its importance cannot be changed. The country’s regional distribution of coal sales is uneven, with production concentrated in the central and western regions and consumption concentrated in the developed provinces of the south-eastern coast, leading to a robust demand for coal transport.
Coal production has become more concentrated in the Shinjong region, coal transport has become more concentrated in the railways, and rail coal transport has continued to grow in recent years, and there is still some room for it in the future.
Seventy-one% of the traffic is dominated by rail and coal transport routes. Among the traffic routes, the Qin and Xiaoyeon lines were in absolute leadership, with 420 million tons of coal in 2021 and 364 million tons of coal in 2021, respectively, in 2021, accounting for the country’s railways.
16.3 per cent of traffic and 14.2 per cent of the country ' s rail and coal transport are higher. In 2020, 23.9 per cent of the country ' s rail and 601006.sh were the first listed companies in China ' s railways to have the backbone of the road network as their asset. They were mainly responsible for transporting the goods outside the province. The core assets of the Qin railway are the Qin line.
In addition, there are railway lines such as Hoshipo, Nampo, Hojio, Ishita, Taiqiao, Kyouta, Fongshada, Ningjiao, Keixi, Koizumi, Tsui River, etc., and they are involved in the so-called Yellow Railway.
The most important coal supply areas and transit hubs in the northern part of the country, which are strategically located in the “Kingxi East” network, are in the forefront of the country's national coal transport pattern. The Qin railway line has been stable in recent years, the remaining routes have increased slightly, and passenger plates have become new.
Millions of dollars, up 11.8% from the same year, our coal consumption still has a little bit of room for improvement, the Qin line's advantages remain unchanged, the border routes are limited, and their traffic is expected to be largely stable. The company's shareholding of the yellow and yellow railway will continue to contribute to the investment, the rest of the line will continue to grow slightly, and passenger traffic will resume in the wake of the epidemic, and the company is expected to achieve it.
7.5%. The company states in its bulletin that, except in exceptional cases, each of the company’s shareholdings is found to be in principle no less profitable than the previous cycle, that the high rate of interest on the Qin railway is expected to be sustained in the long term, that the rate of interest on the country’s debt has been reduced to around 2.8% for the current decade, and that the high rate of sustainable interest on the Qin railway is more attractive.
The economic development of the country, the normal functioning of the population's productive life, the support of energy, with the economy's total size, will continue.
The country's energy consumption has been rising steadily, and according to the 14th Five-Year Plan for a Modern Energy System, the country's total energy consumption was equivalent to 4.98 billion tons of coal in 2020, with an annual growth rate of 2.8 per cent in five years and a further increase of 52.4 tons in 2021, an increase of 5.2 per cent in the same year.
Coal accounts for 56.8% of our energy consumption in 2020, followed by oil, non-fossil energy, natural gas, and the share of natural gas.
Not 18.9 per cent, 15.9 per cent, 8.4 per cent, although our dependence on coal is expected to decline in the future as wind power and light expands, in terms of absolute energy consumption, coal dominates over a very long period of unequal distribution of resources and core coal production is concentrated in the bounties.
The country's coal resources are geographically unevenly distributed, with the overall pattern of “deepness in the North and the South, and small in the West”. In 2020, the sum of 100 million tons, including 50,725 million tons in Shanxi, 29,390 million tons in Chinxi, and 19,447 million tons in the three provinces combined, accounted for 61.3 per cent of coal stocks.
At present, coal resources in the eastern part of the country are being depleted, mining conditions are becoming more complex, and coal mining is moving towards areas in the western part of the country that are rich in reserves and less difficult to exploit. In 2021, 71.1 per cent of the country ' s original coal production was concentrated in the province of Shinmong, which is 7.5 percentage points higher than in 2016.
At the end of 2015, the Central Economic Working Group identified 2016 as one of its main tasks. In February 2016, the State Department issued an opinion on the development of the coal industry ' s excess capacity to address the problem.
By five years, about 500 million tons of coal production will have been withdrawn, reduced and restructured, and in 2018 the CDRC issued a circular on further improvements to the coal capacity replacement policy, accelerating the release of high-quality production capacity to promote orderly exits from behind production capacity, and further optimizing the coal production structure. As supply-side policies become more effective, coal production will become more dominant.
Enterprises are concentrated in 2021, with coal production totalling 77,000 tons, or 18.7 per cent of the country ' s coal production, in the case of Chinese, mountain, shoals, and deities, representing an increase of 3.0 percentage points compared to 2016.
Figure 5: Increased concentration of coal production capacity in the three provinces of Yamamoto, Figure 6: Annual coal production by major coal enterprises (tonnes of tons) Regional differences in economic development, uneven use of coal production, contributing to sound transport demand
There are significant regional differences in the level of economic development in the country, with a well-developed economy along the south-eastern coast and a strong pursuit in the central and western regions. In 2021, the total share of the economy in Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong and Zhejiang was close to 40 per cent, while the total share of the coal-producing economy in the provinces of Shanxi, Shaanxi and Naymon was only 7.2 per cent.
In 2020, coal was projected to be transferred out of the province to a net transfer of 1.66 billion tons, of which 1,585 million tons were transferred, mainly to Guangdong, Kyunjin-su, South-central, North-East and Sichuan, Chongqing;
Xinjiang has 200 million tons, mainly in the western part of Gansu, with a small supply in Sichuan and Chongqing; Guizhou has 55 million tons, mainly transferred to Yunnan, Hunan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Sichuan and Chongqing.
Net deployments account for 40 per cent of the country ' s annual coal production, demand is stable and public-transit iron is reinforced, and there is still room for development of coal rail transport, which, according to the 14th Energy Development Plan, will have reached 4.6 billion tons of our combined energy production capacity by 2025.
More than coal, which grew by 12.7 per cent in 2020 and increased by 2.4 per cent annually, according to the Coal Industry Association's “14th Five” Quality Development Guidance for the Coal Industry, our coal production was controlled at around 4.1 billion tons by 2025, while consumption was controlled at around 4.2 billion tons, roughly at the same level as actual production in 2021.
Railway transport has always been a central component of coal transport. In the second half of 2016, the Ministry of Transport officially regulated the overloading of trucks, the large-scale suspension of coal trucks, and in 2017, the Ministry of Environmental Protection issued a policy restricting the receipt of coal from diesel trucks in all ports in the Rim Sea.
The volume of coal in rail transport has increased significantly since 2016. In 2021, the volume of coal in rail transport reached 2.57 billion tons, an increase of 8.9 per cent compared to the previous year.
The share of coal production has stabilized at more than 60%, and further modest increases in future rail coal traffic are expected. Figure 9: Our rail coal transport volume.
The country’s coal resources are unevenly distributed, and the geographical distribution of supply and demand varies widely, creating a transport pattern for the “West Coal East, North North South”. Railways dominate coal transport, forming a network of nine-and-six-way coal logistics channels, the core of which include the Shingong Outer Transport Corridor, the Mongdong Outbound Transport Corridor, the Yungui Outbound Transport Corridor, the Xinjiang Outbound Transport Corridor, and seven.
There's 12 main roads along the 5th route, and there's a transport area, and there's a north road, a middle road, and a south road.
Joo-ju, Kyouta, Kyong-hyuk, Ho-Ji, Bossi, to meet the coal needs of Kyaw Jin-su, Wah-dong, China-China and the Northeast.
Sioux, Ba-Sin, to meet coal needs in the northeast, and in the Kuo-cheon region.
Xinjiang, Ranjing.
In 2021, 70% of the country’s coal production was in Shinjong district, and the coal transport route has been dominated by Shinjong. The three main transversal routes to the north, the centre, and the south include Jiaoju, Kyoshi, Kyokong and Hao.
The five main vertical access routes between Ji and Bauxi include three main horizontal access routes, one from Tai Qin, the other from Saku Huang, the other from Mong-bang, the other from Fong Shata, the other six lines from Kyouta, the other four from Ishita, Lian Chang, Wazhi, and the other three from Ningxi.
The traffic of coal on the Qin and Scholl Lines is an absolute leader in the external transport route, with 420 million tons of coal on the Qin Line in 2021 and 364 million tons of coal on the Quang Line in 2021, accounting for 23.9 per cent and 17.9 per cent, respectively, of the year.
Table 2: The Shinjong outbound transport route is made up of the North Qin, Saku-yeung, Mon-Shu, Fong-sa-Dah, Con-Tung, Kyohara.
Ishita, Chang, Huai, and Xin, Xinhai, Ninxi, Da Qin Railway: Black Golden Artery, to the General Assembly
The Qin Railway (601006.sh) is the first listed company in China's railway line, which is based on the main line of the road network, and is primarily responsible for transporting the goods outside Jinjong. The company's network runs north-south, across the two cities of Jinjing Provinces, and has the main rail line connecting the most important coal supply areas in the northern part of the country.
And the transit hub, which is strategically located in the “Kingxi East” on the road network, is important in our national coal transport authority.
The company was set up in 2004 by the Beijing Railways Bureau, together with six other sponsors, such as Pax Romana and China Coal Energy, to form a limited company. In March 2005, the Ministry of Railways was reformed, the Beijing Railways Bureau was separated from the Taihara Railways Bureau and the Beijing Railways Bureau, the Taihara Railways Bureau became shareholders in the company, and the company acquired the capital in the same year.
In 2006, the company completed the ipo, which was marketed on 1 August. In 2010, the company completed the build-up and acquired all TAA-related assets, including 41.16% of TAA ' s shareholdings in the Soho-yellow Railway. In 2015, the company acquired 70% of the shares in Tai Hing ' s company.
In 2018, the company paid 1.74 billion acquisition-owned shareholders to 19.73% of the Hong Kong Railway company, the owner of which is the Hong Kong Railway.
In 2018, the company paid $2 billion to buy 3.34% of the shares of the Central Railway Company in Moncihua, and in 2019, the company reinvested Monhua, with $3.98 billion, increasing its share of the Hoji Railway to 10%. In 2020, the company completed a transferable collection, and acquired 10%.
China Railways Taiwon Group Ltd. State is authorized to operate land use rights and 51% of the ownership of the former Tetsu Railway hub Southwest Ring Company. Table 3: The history of the Tai Qin Railways
The company completed the ipo, completed its listing, and the stock code 601006.sh increased the acquisition of all TARA-related assets, holding 41.16 per cent of the share in the Xiaoyeon Railway.
The recapitalization of the Moncihua Central Railways increased to 10% of the shareholdings. The issuing of remoldable bonds for the acquisition of the Iron and Tetyana Group state owned the authorization to operate land tenure rights and 51% of the Tienhara Railways' ownership of the Southwest Ring Company.
In addition, in Hong Kong, the Central Bank, China Holdings, and the participating companies, as of 2021, the company held 100% of the shares in the Great Qin trade and trade and Jinyun logistics.
In addition, the company is a central asset, and the cargo-hosters operate smoothly, with a steady income base.
The company operates mainly rail passenger and cargo transport operations, while providing services to other railway transport companies in the country, which have increased and the company has improved steadily. Since 2018, the company has implemented a new liquidation scheme whereby the carrier has accounted for the entire freight cost of the shipment to its own income, resulting in a significant increase in revenue. In 2021, the company ' s operating income was $78,680 million, a year-on-year increase.
8.3 per cent, of which freight revenue was $62.37 billion, an increase of 7.4 per cent, and passenger revenue was $6.190 billion, an increase of the same proportion.
The company's main source of goods is in Shanxi Province, Shaanxi Province and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, where the company's main source of goods is to reach 2593.5 km of business in two cities across Jinjin Provinces.
(a) The means of transport, which provides the customer with services related to transport, loading, assembly, transportation, arrival, unloading and delivery (including pre-carrying, station, warehouse storage, loading and other closely related services);
It is our first unit, the two-linely Electrified Heavy Coal Line, which is an important strategic route for the country’s “West Coal East” and enjoys the reputation of “China’s first shipment.” The Great Qin Line is dominated by transport power coal, and the cargo is transported mainly to the Sea Sea Port for follow-up, downstream and downstream.
The main power plant is the fire power plant. The main stations for loading the Qin line are located on the north line, along the north line, along the north line, along the Ningjong line, after which the cargo is loaded into the Qin line for direct transport, via the port of Qin Royal Island to the south-eastern coast, and partly for export to Japan, Korea, and Taiwan, China.
At present, the Qin line is designed to transport 450 million tons annually, and is currently operating at near full capacity. In 2021, the Qin line was transporting 421 million tons, an increase of 3.96 per cent, and in the first half of 2022 it was transporting 209 million tons, a similar increase. As a result of restrictions on the production capacity of the Qin railway and the diversion of the rail network around it, the Qin line is transporting coal.
The share of national rail coal traffic has declined in recent years, from 16.4 per cent in 2021 to 0.78 per cent in the same year.
In addition to the Qin line, the company operates railway lines such as the Fong Sa line, the Hoi Pu line and the Hoi Moon line, where coal is transported mainly to Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei; the North Ping line is the main coal loading line on the Tai Qin line and the Fong Sa line; and the Hoi Moon line is the southern route through the company's extra-coal route and operates with the Qin line.
Complementarity of costs incurred by companies for the transport of goods in railway freight operations include income from the operation of railway freight, base money for railway construction and miscellaneous freight charges, in which funds for railway construction are paid on behalf of the company and are ultimately submitted to the Ministry of Finance, regardless of whether they are paid for by the company.
Revenues from the operation of railway freight and miscellaneous freight charges are the company’s main operating income. There are two tariff models for the operation of railway freight, the flat price of the iron and the specific price of the freight.
Transport prices, i.e. a standard rate of $16.3/ton for base price 1 and a standard price of 0.098/km for base price 2.In December 2017, the Commission issued a circular on issues related to deepening the marketization of rail freight transport, etc., which was implemented in January 2018, incorporating the electricity surcharges charged for the implementation of the national flat rate Electrification section into the national iron.
The base price applied for coal transport is adjusted from $0.098 per ton to $0.05 per ton per ton.
Specific prices are determined by the supply and demand situation of the market. Companies carry coal (coal at the point of instruction, at the point of arrival) on the main line of the Qin line, the Kyoto line, and all other lines of the company, with the exception of Qin line, Qin line, and the Fongsa line, which carries coal along the line, the unit carries the flat price of the iron, i.e. the revenue = 16.3 x the volume of goods transported.
+0.105 x turnover of goods.
Historically, the base price of the Qin line has been gradually raised and has remained stable, with the most recent rate set at 0.101 yuan per ton, which has historically contributed significantly to the company’s revenue collection, and the sum of other controlled shares of the company, which together amounted to 692 million tons in 2021, an increase of 4.5 per cent.
Of this amount, 582 million tons of coal were delivered, representing an increase of 7.0 per cent over the same period, 392.1 billion tons in cargo turnover, representing an increase of 6.0 per cent over the same period, and 62.37 billion in freight revenues, representing an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period.
The first five clients account for 36.3% of the company’s annual sales.
Peng, Nam, Ishita, Kyoto, Tao, Kyo, Kyobau, Huxun, Tai Hing, Jia Ha, Ningjing, Keixi, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ishigia, Qin, Qin, Qing, Qingjia, Seng Dao, Chongqing, Lan, Dae-tung, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Shen Yang, Zhang Jiaguchi, Hang, Liang, Beijing, Tangshan, Qin, Qin, Head, to Beijing, Beijing, China and Korea, and Beijing.
(a) Km/person, “reversely reduced” depending on the range of operating miles. One or two full-price fares are set by the railway transport companies on their own by law, with a soft-bed house, a high-iron business seat, a principal seat, and a market-regulating system.
Owing to the impact of the epidemic, the company ' s passenger plate was hit significantly in 2020, with a slight recovery of the company ' s passenger plate in 2021, with 3.631 million passenger deliveries over the year, an increase of 19.5 per cent compared to the previous year and a revenue of $6.185 billion, an increase of 29.2 per cent compared with the previous year.
Non-manual costs are largely stable, labour costs are raised from year to year, and the cost of operating a company is lower.
Changes in the depreciation policy in 2021 resulted in an increase in the number of years of depreciation of some assets and a decrease in the cost of depreciation. As a result of a small upward trend in the overall volume of public goods, labour costs have increased in recent years and the remaining costs associated with volume of freight and travel have remained stable in recent years.
33.0 per cent for freight services, $17.23 billion, or 28.0 per cent, for depreciation, passenger services, use of trucks, electricity and fuel costs, $4.84 billion, $4.93 billion, $3.17 billion and $2.91 billion, respectively, as a share of operating costs Cost end, corporate cost level at lower levels, sales, management, R & D, financial costs in 2021
Foreign investment holds a competitive share in road production, and the return on investment is a steady profit.
Main lines. The company’s core pipeline is close to the ceiling, and the company seeks to reduce the negative impact of other routes as much as possible in the form of foreign investment to obtain competitive shares. In 2010, the company acquired 41.16% of the share of the Xuyong Railway.
One of the main lines of the West Coal Main Line, the Shozhou Station in the Western Province of Shanxi, which is linked to the Sandshaw Railway in West Province, and the Yellow Ribbon Port Terminal in the City of Chengzhou, Hebei Province, which is designed to be a State-class trunkline and a two-line electrification railway, is approximately 598 km long, yielding 364 million tons of coal per year, yielding business income of 22.11 billion and returns net profit to the mother of 7.77 billion.
In 2019, the company re-financed Monroe, with $3.98 billion, and increased its share of the Hoji Railway to 10%. The Hoji Railway, formerly known as the Monhua Railway, connects Nemon Hool and Jiang Si Gian, with 5.54 million tons of finished traffic from the Hoji Railway in the north of the country.
Revenues have stabilized at around $3 billion. Long-term profits have been stable, dividends have been high, railway base prices have not been adjusted again since 2017, and changes in the liquidation policy in 2018 have led to high revenue costs.
In 2019 and after, the Qin line of transport stabilized, while the rest of the line of transport increased slightly, and the company experienced steady growth, with depreciation costs remaining relatively stable, except for annual increases in labour costs, due to fluctuations in accounting policy adjustments, with the company maintaining a gross profit rate of around 20 per cent over the last three years.
Corporate costs are low, investment returns are stable, and the net return on the mother for the last three years has been around $12 billion, 2021. Figure 31: The gross and net profit on the Qin railway for the years.
The amount of dividends paid each year since 2007 as a percentage of the company's return is shown in figure 33: The rate of dividends and dividends of the Qin Railway has been steady and stable, with a steady and high variety of dividends.
The Qin line has its advantages and the rest of the routes are limited. For example, railway coal transports coal from coal pits to south-eastern coastal power plants.
According to the study on the feasibility of financing Moncihua Central Railways, Ltd., the cost of which is estimated to be between 200 and 350 yuan per ton, is the highest.
One of the core variables determining the cost of railway coal transport, according to the railway freight pricing formula, is the distance, which extends by 100 km, which raises freight costs by more than 10 yuan, and the average cost of powered coal at the port of Qin Island in 2021 is $1030 per tonne.
The cost of coal rose by more than 1% from 100 km to 100 km. Of the main routes to the west, the Qin line is the most powerful, with shorter distances, and has the advantage of being unique.
In addition, there are significant differences between the distribution of coal on the Hoji railway and the Qin line, with low overlaps and expected diversion effects, so we believe that, thanks to the continued stability in the size of the West Coal East, the future volume of the line is expected to remain high.
On the basis of the current harmonized prices, railway carriers can move up to 15 per cent of the country's established base prices.
The company’s special price levels for the main lines of the Qin line, the Kyoto line, and the wind and sand line have been adjusted since the beginning of 2017 and have not been adjusted for more than five years since it returned to its level at the beginning of 2015.
At the beginning of the year, no adjustment has been implemented for the same period since the year 2018, when the revenue from the electrical surcharge was added. With the current sensitive position of coal prices, DCRC has continued to introduce policies to limit the upward movement of power coal, taking into account that rail transport costs account for about 20% of port coal prices, thus increasing the price of the base price significantly in the short term.
Smaller capacity, but if coal price pressures are lifted or the country ' s tolerance of coal prices rises one day, the possibility of readjustment of the base price for rail freight transport will not be ruled out.
Figure 35: The price of power coal in the port of Qin, issuing a debt transfer to purchase assets and controlling the increase in rent costs. In 2020, the company issued a transferable fund, of which $28.309 billion acquired land held by Taiwon Railway.
The previous land lease was signed in November 2009 and in 2019 the company paid $381 million in land rents to Taiwon. Given the faster value of land, the value of the above-mentioned land in 2019 was 40% more than in 2009.
At a new rent level, assuming further land appreciation, Npv is projected to be $31,352 million at a discount rate of 4.75 per cent, which is significantly higher than the price of payment. When the acquisition of land assets is completed, the future cost will be amortized linearly at the current value of the intangible asset at the value of the acquisition.
In the future, therefore, the company will have a comparative advantage and effective control over time. In addition, the company will pay $3.98 billion to buy 51% of the southwest ring company of the Taiwon railway hub. When the acquisition is completed, the company will increase the North-South bus-trading route and achieve full North-South and peri-urban connectivity.
Enhancing complementarities between empty vehicles and cargo sources, maximizing synergies between the availability of goods, such as coal, in the northwest of the mountain, and industrial development in the south, and achieving “two-wheel drive” boosters to make major and robust transport of goods. In the future, the Taiwon hub will be fully transported by the south-west ring, which will further optimize the company’s transport structure.
To promote the implementation of the strategy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in the south-east of the country, to promote a sustained increase in the volume and scale of benefits of the company, to improve the integrity of the network of roads, to optimize the division of labour among stations within the hub, to significantly release the hub transport capacity, to remove the bottlenecks in the hub transport, to ease tensions between passengers and cargo, and to significantly increase the mobility flexibility of the hub transport organization,
Efficient and smooth transport connections. Good control of labour costs influences the performance of the end of the costs. Among the costs of the company, costs such as freight services, passenger services, use of trucks, etc., and the volume of goods shipped by the company.
It is highly relevant that future increases come from the growth of goods on the one hand, and the control of possible government-set tariffs on corporate profits on the other, with the expectation that companies will use effective means to control staff costs and slow them down to maintain a high score, which is more attractive in times of low interest rates.
Assuming that the company is fully transferring its debt and that the company is seeking to keep its dividends constant, if the return plan is completed, the annual rate of dividends in 2021 could be ranked at the top of the 1 per cent rating and, unlike some of the top-ranked periodicals, the high rate of dividends on the Qin railway is expected to be sustained over the long term. The rate of return on the country ' s debt has now fallen to 2.8 per cent for 10 years.
On the other hand, the sustainable high dividends of the Qin railway are more attractive. Figure 39: Ten-year rate of return on national debt End-cargo: We assume that the volume of cargo on the Qin line remains high and the volume on the Qin line in the first half of 2022
Income end-passenger plate: Residents ' movements were severely affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2022, and although passenger flows were repaired during the second half of the year with the marginal easing of immunization policies, the company ' s passenger arrivals are expected to remain at the end of the year. Cost side: we expect company freight, truck use, passenger service, passenger rental, etc.
Cost increases along with the size of the company ' s business; depreciation amortization costs will increase significantly after the issuance of a tradable purchase of land and land rental costs will decrease significantly; in terms of labour costs, we believe that the number of company employees is expected to be reduced slightly, but wage levels will continue to rise; and other costs, other non-principal operations
Cost-side: Corporate costs have remained stable over the past three years, with a good cash flow level, given the company’s general stability in its future main business, and its projected cost rates for the period 2022-2024. Annual performance has stabilized at around $7 billion, and future profits and investments in the company’s contribution are expected to remain stable.
In a section of the railway, the main operations are passenger and long-range railways. Domestic movements are still affected by the epidemic, their performance is affected and their valuation is distorted, with pe(ttm) valuation levels of 71.7 x, -27.3 x and pb of the high- and long-range railways on 30 June 2022 at 1.32x, respectively.
0.57 x; the iron dragon logistics industry is based on freight, with a valuation level of 17.2 x pttm and a valuation level of 1.08 x pb. Given the firm ' s stable performance, but limited capacity to grow, with a high dividend rate of its core advantage, we believe that the relative valuation method does not apply to the valuation of the company, and therefore we use the absolute valuation method to estimate the company.
Value. The company received an average of $7.14 billion in dividends for 2019-2021, with an average interest payment rate of 58.8 per cent for three years, although it assumed that the company would perform steadily in the future, with a sustainable split of $0.48 and a constant growth rate of 0 per cent, based on the ddm model, a reasonable share price p= \sum_tn\fft(\frac{d_t}(1+r)t}\right).
Based on the data for the past three years, the Qin railway beta value was estimated at 0.5563, assuming that the market interest rate was approximately 1.92 per cent of the annual rate of return on the national debt, assuming that the market risk premium was 10.91 per cent of the average rate of return on the 300 index over five years, with a model elastic test table for ddm:
We still have a little room to upgrade coal consumption, and we expect that the core coal transport backbone, such as the Qin line, will be largely stable, and that the investment returns from the Qin railway will be equally stable, with companies expected to contribute to the investment in 2022-2024.
The period has been falling, power generation has been significantly declining and demand for power coal transport is likely to decline, to the detriment of public and new energy rapid development and the risk of crowding out the demand for electricity from the fire.
The proximity, if new energy development continues to outpace expectations, the potential for power generation from the fire to be squeezed by new energy sources, and the demand for or pressure on coal transport, to the detriment of the volume and performance of companies.
The base price for rail coal transport has not been adjusted for many years since the beginning of 2017, such as the long-term non-regression of subsequent prices, the likelihood that the size of the company's revenue collection will be difficult to break through the current bottleneck in the long run, and performance under cost-side constraints is likely to be based on a linear projection based only on the company's current operating road product situation and possible future changes.
It is assumed that, in the event of further changes in the company’s road output in the future, or a significant change in the market environment, there are current profit and gain projections or limitations. Given that companies do not have direct access to the target company in a share, and that the dividends are stable, the valuation is done using the ddm model.
Since the ddm model is the simplest of all valuation models and the relevant assumptions have a greater impact on the valuation results of the ddm valuation, there are limitations to the valuation.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject