A study by Copper Mall Color (000630) Research on the rise in the scarcity of copper resources, the Milado II issue of guiding growth The whole chain of copper enterprises, which are subject to short-term profits from limited copper processing fees
Enterprises have achieved a whole industry copper chain layout, with core operations covering key components such as copper mining exploration, selection, smelting, and precision-based work. Copper crowning copper smelting under the joint flag has been successfully listed by two major players.
However, as a result of the continuing low fees for copper processing and the adjustment of the income tax policies of overseas subsidiaries, enterprises have a short market value in circulation (million yuan): by-products have become a new anchor for profits.
At the end of the supply, the global copper reserves have declined at a rate of 980 million tons of copper in 2024, compared to 2 per cent in 2024, the overall growth trend has been contained, and copper ore resources are concentrated in a few countries like Chile.
At the demand side, the demand for copper products is driven mainly by electricity and new energy, and there has been no recovery in traditional areas such as real estate. Copper minerals can be raised in time, and the entire industry chain is gaining momentum.
At the end of the mine, with the gradual release of the production of the Milado Copper 2 project, it is expected that the company will be able to break 200,000 tons of copper per year in 2025 and 300,000 tons per year in 2026, with a strong pull-up of copper hair at interest rates and a full release of production capacity, the rate of the copper product is expected to rise by 6%.
The advantage, the relative cost advantage, has accumulated many years of technological experience and completed a process of upgrading and greening. At the end of the process, the capacity of companies to process copper has steadily increased, the technological advantage of the copper crown has been evident in the industry, where high-end copper production has been released, and it was successfully lost in the third quarter of 25 years ago.
With the launch of the Mirado II phase, the global copper consumption market is booming, with firms entering a period of rapid growth with the deep accumulation of large copper mines and smelting. While the impact of the adjustment of income tax policies and the fall in labour costs has put firm short-term net profits under pressure, it does not change its long-term upward trend.
The risk of falling copper prices, the risk of falling milado II, geopolitical risks.
1.1 The two listed subjects, with a clear regional advantage, are the Copper Mall Nonferrous Metals Group Holdings Ltd., known as the Copper Mall, which is a small number of integrated enterprises in the domestic copper industry that achieve a whole industry chain layout, and core operations cover key components such as copper mining exploration, selection, smelting and precision processing.
Based on its significant mineral resource endowment, its leading copper smelting scale and technological processes, and its diversified deep processing capacity, companies have built unique core competitiveness.
The copper mausoleums, which began in 1952, were formerly the copper officers' mining authority of the Non-ferrous Metals Industry Department of the Central Heavy Industry Department. The non-ferrous metal industry company of China, with the approval of the China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Corporation, established the copper mound non-ferrous metal group stock company Limited in 1992 through a targeted collection and modification system.
In 2007, the company acquired seven assets related to the main copper industry belonging to the holding company, making the main copper industry listed as a whole, and renamed the non-ferrous copper metal group S.A., known as the "Bronze Mahals Colored". In 2022, the bronze coronary was successfully listed on the business board. In 2023, 70% of the shares of the China-Turkish Crown Investment Corporation were acquired.
In August of the same year, the core asset, Mirado copper mine, which is expected to grow in the future, was completed. As of September 30, 2025, the shareholding rate of the non-ferrous metal conglomerates, Ltd., was 45.58 per cent, and its effective control was the National Asset Management Committee of the Angío People ' s Government.
The company covers copper mining selection, copper smelting, copper deep processing of the entire industry chain.
Million tons; smelting the ends of the gold and bronze industry Ltd. (“Kinglong copper industry”), gold and bronze industry Ltd. (Jean “Kinglong copper industry”), Zhang Jia Hari joint copper industry Ltd. (“Hangjia joint copper industry”) with a clear scale effect and cost advantage, with group copper products exceeding 100 million grades; and a limited public interest in the Ensign bronze crown group
The Division ("Bronze Crown Copper") has two core operations, pcb copper + lithium battery copper platinum, which in 2022 was divided into mineral products, copper smelting, copper processing products, and by-products. The copper mine demand space. By the end of 2024, the amount of copper metal in the company was 721.81 million tons, of which: rice.
70% of the copper mine holds the amount of copper resources and metals at 4.56 million tons, the average grade of copper is 0.49%, and the total amount of mines in the country is 26581 million tons, such as those in the Tongu Mountain mine, the Angyeong Copper mine, and the Copper Mountain copper mine.
In 2024, the company produced 1.76.8 million tons of bronze in the cathode, representing 12.96 per cent of the country ' s total refined copper production.
Twenty-five years after the production of new copper-based materials, companies will be able to produce more than 2 million tonnes per year.
On the art equipment, the enterprise smelter has completed the construction of the Twin Flash Project and the Oracle Refinement Project, which have transformed the refining of green intelligence; on the treatment of the production capacity, the completion of the integration project of the Golden Top 2 project and the Green Smart Copper-based New Materials Industrial Park will lead to a further increase in the size of the enterprise's smelting capacity.
At the depth-processing level, copper-processed materials produce 4158 million tons per year, of which high-precision electronic copper can produce up to 80,000 tons. A subsidiary has advanced research and development power and technological accumulation in the industry.
In terms of by-products, the company produces 5.3596 million tons of sulphuric acid, 22.91 tons of gold, and 547.67 tons of silver.
17 new products, such as high-grade pelicans, high-purity pelicans, etc. 1.2 Copper products have a compressed Māori rate, supported by profits from by-products such as gold, i.e., income tax differentials accumulated due to differences between inland and overseas taxes, and this adjustment will reduce company 2025
After the elimination of the red-score policy adjustment, the company’s net profit in the first three quarters of 2025 was 2,723 million, with overall stability. And, with the end of electricity restrictions in Ecuador, Mirado’s mineral recovery and gradual production in conjunction with the second phase, the harvest and net profits are still expected to reach a new high in 2025.
In terms of the income structure of the product, copper contributes mainly, and by-products such as gold are increasing at a significant rate. On the one hand, as a result of the continued rise in international gold prices, gold prices have risen, and by 28 November, comex gold was collected at $4256.4 per ounce, with an increase of 61.27 per cent since the beginning of the year.
For other products (0.46%), copper still contributes more than 80% of the operating income. For Maori, the main business copper product has declined. The price of refined copper and copper ore continues to fluctuate, and the cost of copper processing has increased, bringing it to $3.445 billion, a decline of 26.97% over the same period.
Figure 6: Share of income from corporate ownership in recent years (by product, %) Figure 7: Composition of companies in recent years (by product, billions) Figure 8: Share of corporate ownership in recent years (by product, %)
At the profit end, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate have slowed, and short-term profitability has been depressed. Over the past five years, business Māori rates and net interest rates have fluctuated upwards, suggesting that the enterprise’s productivity and cost-control capacity have been optimized.
At the cost end, the company ' s overall cost rate has tended to decline in recent years, and business efficiency gains have been significant. Prior to 2025 and the third quarter, the enterprise ' s cost was 1.63 per cent (year-to-0.26 pct). The cost of sales was 0.05 per cent (9.10 per cent less, 5.08 per cent less). The cost of R & D has been low since the completion of the enterprise ' s R & D innovation system standardization.
With respect to cash flows, business operations are subject to a gradual pressure. The overall profitability of the enterprise is affected by the decline in the ratio of copper prices to production and sale, which is still characterized by a persistently high stock backlog, which absorbs large amounts of cash resources.
2. Growth in copper concentrates has slowed, and demand for copper products in emerging areas has been boosted by 2.1 supply ends: global copper supply has slowed, copper processing costs have continued to fall, global copper reserves have declined, and resources have been concentrated in a few countries. In 2024, the world ' s copper reserves were 980 million tons.
In comparison with 2014-2019, the average annual rate of compound growth declined by 1.82 percentage points, with a significant slowdown. In terms of resource distribution, copper reserves are mainly distributed in South America and Oceania, with high geographical concentration, with the top five resource countries controlling about 57 per cent of the world ' s total.
Copper mineral resources. Of this total, Chile accounted for 19.48 per cent of the world ' s copper reserves, the highest; Australia and Peru ranked second, 10.25 per cent. Figure 17: Global copper reserves
In 2024, we discovered a total of 41 million tons of copper reserves, representing only 4.18 per cent of the world ' s total reserves. In terms of the distribution of resources, our copper ores are concentrated mainly in Tibet, Yunnan, Jiangxi, etc. The three provinces together account for more than 60 per cent of the country ' s copper ore resources, with a higher concentration.
However, in terms of minerals, the country’s copper mineral resources are characterized by structural characteristics of low quality and weak resource endowments, an insufficient share of the available high-quality mineral wealth, and a relatively scarce reserves of high-quality successive resources. Overall, our copper mineral resources have a low reserve and low grade of minerals, which are not compatible with our copper production and consumption structure, and are heavily dependent on imports.
Global copper mineral growth slowed, and Africa became a new growth pole. Global copper mineral production reached 22.913 million tons in 2024, an increase of 2.36 per cent in the same year, with an average annual compound growth rate of 2.52 per cent over five years. Latin America is the largest producer in terms of distribution, followed by Africa and the Asia-Pacific region; Chile, Peru, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo are the top three producers.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo, which contributed to the main copper-mining growth point, increased by about 14 per cent in the same year, mainly in the production of Kim Sanfu and the expansion of the mines of Tenke and Kamoa-Kakula, as well as in other smaller mines. Chile’s modest increase was 5 per cent in the same year; Peru’s output fell by 1 per cent.
The world’s second largest copper mine was shut down, and the global copper supply was hit by a long-term shock. In the evening of September 24, 2025, the US mining giant Freeportmmmoran, Indonesia’s second-largest copper mine, declared production cut off as a result of a fatal mud-flow accident, and the global copper supply was hit by a long-term shock.
Because of environmental policies and the increased difficulty of mining, our copper production has declined for nearly three years. In the short term, our production fell for two consecutive years, from 1.94 million tons to 1.8 million tons in 2022-2024.
It is hoped that the country’s copper mineral volume will be improved through technological breakthroughs (e.g., low-grade mining). The major global copper mines are dominated by international mining companies, and Chinese enterprises have been expanding in recent years through investment.
Influencing. By holding shares in large mines like Escondida and Glass Berg, BP, LT, and Freeport McMolland have been rich in mineral resources and far ahead of production. In recent years, Chinese companies have been gradually taking ownership of large mines such as Camoa-Cakula and Teen Kefung Cobalt Rume.
Mining and the Luoyang industry have become the main drivers of global copper growth, with the Luoyang industry increasing efficiency through tfm aided in 2024. In the future, copper resource competition may be more dependent on technological upgrading and cross-border cooperation.
We're the world's first copper smelting country, and copper smelting can lead the world with both capacity and speed. The copper smelting industry needs to be done.
Upstream and downstream industrial infrastructure, sulfuric acid smelting, requires the consumption of enterprises such as downstream fertilizer production. We have a complete industrial system with a natural advantage in copper smelting. In 2024, the global copper smelting capacity of 33.115 million tons increased by 3 per cent compared to the previous year.
2.91%, or 41%, of global copper refiner production. We lead the copper smelter industry with an absolute advantage. Ten out of the top 20 copper smelters in the world, and two out of the top 20 copper smelters in the South (675 million tons) and in the Precious Creek smelters (520,000 tons), fully reflect the size and country of our copper smelters.
Domestic demand matches; state and mixed ownership (e.g. Jiangxi copper, medium aluminium) strengthens markets through resource integration and rapid rises in areas like India. Adani (500,000 tons) and Bira copper (420,000 tons) expand on the basis of private firms to the top ten and become emerging forces.
Japan is ranked fifth with 450,000 tons of capacity, technologically superior, or supportive of its high-end market positioning. In process technology, “smelt smelting + flash blowing” ("twilight") and “Otokunpe" are the world’s leading processes.
The "double flash" copper smelting process has the advantage of environmental superiority, low combined energy consumption, and high automation. The Otto Kemp process circumvents the corrosion of higher copper-containing slags on the lined fire-resistant materials of the stove, and adapts to the combustible minerals.
The copper industry is heavily dependent on overseas imports. In 2024, there was a gap between copper refining and copper concentrate production capacity of 9,553,000 tons, with a significant difference depending on overseas imports, with 28.16 million tons of copper ore and concentrate imported throughout the year, compared with tons of tons, 22,475 tons and 5.7 million tons, an increase of 8.12 per cent, 13.18 per cent and 3.57 per cent, respectively, of copper-related origin.
The cost of the complex processing fee is paid by the miners to the smelter for processing the copper concentrate into refined copper. The miners negotiate the cost of tc/rc with the downstream smelters, using the lme price as a benchmark, after deducting the processing fee as a price for the ore. Therefore, when there is a change in the supply of copper concentrate, the price is straight.
At present, the growth in copper ore production is slowing, the balance of minerals is moving ahead, and the bargaining power of minerals is increasing steadily, leading to lower processing fees for copper concentrates. 2.2 The consumption of refined copper continues to increase, and copper is used as a guide for the new energy industry for electricity.
Global copper refined consumption continued to grow. In 2024, global refined copper consumption amounted to 273.32 million tons, an increase of 2.92 per cent over the same period. Regional differences, although consumption is weak in developed regions such as Europe, the United States and Japan, have seen significant increases in copper consumption in Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, supporting global copper consumption.
In 2021-2023, the country experienced a rapid increase in copper consumption, from 13.8 million tons per year to 16.13 million tons per year, and in 2024 the global copper consumption structure was characterized by a high degree of resilience in traditional areas and accelerated penetration in emerging areas. The electricity grid (28 per cent) remained the largest demand side; and the construction demand side, although the domestic construction industry had reduced its copper demand, was all-round.
Within the sphere, construction in the third world accelerated and remained one of the main copper demand points: at the remaining end of consumption, consumer goods such as electrical appliances accounted for 22 per cent; transport and engineering devices accounted for 12 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, and the increase was mainly from the construction of new energy sources of cars and servers.
In 2024, China’s final sector consumed 15,78 million tons of copper, with the highest share of investment in electricity equipment, accounting for 7.34 million tons, an average annual increase of 2.02 million tons of copper in 22-24 years, and an average annual increase of 6.23 per cent over the last three years.
It consumes 1.2 million tons of copper per year, or 7.60%. The country’s copper consumption structure is undergoing a shift from traditional to emerging areas, and the new energy and electricity sectors may be the main driving force behind future copper consumption.
Figure 31: End sector copper consumption (tonnes)  consumption (tonnes; left axis) 2.2.1 Traditional areas: continued growth in copper use for electricity, with real estate recovery not known
Bilateral growth in power sources, grid investment, and high demand for copper for electricity equipment. In 2024, the major electricity-generating enterprises in the country completed 11,687 billion yuan in power projects, an increase of 20.80 per cent compared to 20,80 per cent; the cumulative value of capital investment in grid projects was 60,83 billion yuan, an increase of 15.32 per cent compared with the previous year. In 2025, the Yaru Tibetan River super-engineering, ancillary facilities, began.
The real estate market continues to be depressed. In 2021-2024, investment in real estate development fell year by year, and in 2024, investment in real estate development nationwide was $1028 billion, a decline of 9.59% compared to the previous year.
The demand for brass bars is concentrated on the completion of real estate, as it is the preferred material for tubes, taps, valves, and accessories. The long-term low area of new construction, which limits the incremental demand, continues to reduce the rate of start-up.
Limited capacity to pull, and the need for or difficulty in restoring high growth in brass bars, figure 34: completion of investment in real estate development, figure 35: size of real estate construction in the country (million square metres)
In July 2024, with the issuance of the old State subsidy policy, the demand for domestic electricity rose rapidly, and in 2024 the production of refrigerators, household refrigerators, home washing machines and air-conditioning was 2335.61, 9040.07, 10015.4 and 26598.44 thousand, respectively, with air conditioners accounting for the largest share.
Large. The core components of white domestic electricity, such as refrigeration system tubes, are highly dependent on copper-based products, such as copper pipes. Increased demand for domestic electricity drives demand for copper products.
In 2024, new energy vehicles were sold to 11.712 million and 12.857 million, respectively, an increase of 43.69 per cent and 36.08 per cent in the same year. The share of new energy vehicles in the sale was one of the main options in the consumer market.
According to the People’s Daily interview with the experts concerned, the copper content of a common new energy vehicle is almost 80 kg to 120 kgg, owing to its diversity (electricity, electricity, etc.).
So, using the average amount of new energy vehicles, we're assuming 100 kg per ordinary new energy vehicle, and based on data on the volume of new energy vehicles sold, we've calculated the consumption of new energy vehicles for copper from 2016 to 2024, rising from 5.45 million tons in 2016 to 117.12 million tons in 2024.
Lithium copper and copper electromagnetic wires are key materials in the future. Lithium copper is the key material for power cells, negative auroral streams, while copper electromagnetic wires are used mainly for new-energy car machines and electrical control systems. Increased demand for new energy vehicles has contributed in part to the long-term growth in the demand for lithium copper and copper electromagnetic wires.
Lithium has excess capacity, but the high end is still in short supply, and the overall outlook for the development of lithium copper is good. Copper electromagnetic wires will also be influenced by the demand for new energy vehicles and are expected to grow steadily over the next decade.
Figure 41: China’s demand for car copper electromagnetic wires (tonne tons) Ongoing construction in the field of photovoltaics and wind power, which boosts the copper consumption market. In 2024, the size of the country’s wind and electric installed machines reached 521 million kilowatts, an increase of 17.95 per cent compared to the previous year, and the size of solar power installed was 887 million kilowatts, an increase of 45.24 per cent compared to the previous year.
Power generators require approximately 4 tons of copper per megawatt (mw) installed, mainly for nuclear core components such as generator loops, transformers, cables, etc., while solar power stations require 4-5 tons of copper per megawatt (mw) installed, concentrated in cables, inverters and 42: capacity of wind generators nationwide
3. Copper minerals can be upgraded and the entire industrial chain can be re-energized. 3.1 Ecuador’s power limit ends with the gradual introduction of the Mirado II. The copper concentrates are currently designed to produce 170,000 tons of copper annually.
The main mines, such as the mining of the river and the copper mine of Anqing, have a stable capacity of about 50,000 tons; the rest of the production capacity is contributed by the Milado copper mine phase I project. However, between November and the end of 2024, Ecuador suffered from electricity restrictions due to insufficient rainfall, the project was two-way, with 28 days of production and 26 days of single series of operations, and the company ' s copper concentrate produced only 155.2 million tons of copper per year, the same amount.
A decline of 11.36%. With the end of power restrictions, one phase of the project’s capacity will return to its level of 120,000 tonnes/year. Milado’s two-stage design of the original mine produced 20 million tonnes/year (one phase) and 26.2 million tonnes/year (two phase), with a two-stage equivalent of 120,000 tonnes/year copper/year produced in the copper concentrate mine, with no reduction in grade.
At the rate of energy release, it takes four years to achieve design capacity. In the context of the completion of the construction of infrastructure such as roads, ports, etc., and the building experience of enterprises, it is expected that the second phase of energy release will be faster than the second phase, starting with trial production in the second half of 2025, and completing the release of capacity in three years.
In terms of resource reserves, the Mirado copper mine currently detects and controls 1,257 million tons of ore, ores have an average grade of 0.48% and copper metals amounting to 6.0305 million tons, which belong to the world’s mega-copper.
The project is planned in two phases, one for the selection of Mirado deposits and the other for the selection of some of the Mirado deposits. The copper mausoleum is located in the middle of the industry.
At the beginning of 2025, the mining industry announced its intention to acquire Tibetan Mining Co. Ltd., with core assets including 30.78% of the Tibetan dragon copper mine, and a further expansion of the copper mineral resource reserve. This was followed by the Luoyang molybdenum industry, control of the Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo tfm.
This was followed by 10 million tons of deposits, including the Jiangxi copper industry and three companies that are coloured with 13.12 million tons of copper resource metals and 7.21 million tons of copper. 5 million tons of reserves, including Western mining and Yunnan copper, were 5.81 million tons and 365 million tons, respectively.
Geographically, the Mirado copper mine is located in the south-eastern part of the country, with political stability and a generally good state of public security. According to statistics published by the State Council of the People ' s Republic of China, Ecuador is ranked fourth in the Latin American region and is one of the most secure countries in Latin America.
In terms of supporting infrastructure, transportation, from the mine to the Ecuadorian port, is by land, which is built by the Chinese National Railway; upon arrival at the port, it can travel directly across the Pacific Ocean to China's smelters.
The second phase of the pilot production is now complete, and in July 2025 the pilot production began and the company's copper-related assets were purchased on the basis of funds raised by the enterprise.
In the second half of 2026, it is expected to be possible to complete the release of capacity and reach the design capacity level of 26.8 million tons of primary ore per year by 2027. With no reduction in the grade of copper ore in phase II, the company ' s annual copper concentrate production capacity is projected to increase by 150,000 tons/year, with total capacity exceeding the 300,000 tonnes/year mark.
Each year, the company produces 155.2 million tons of copper per year, which is the fifth largest in the industry. Following the release of Mirado II, it is expected to produce 200,000 tons per year in 2025, and 300,000 tons per year in 2026, which is the highest level in the industry.
4.38% of copper raw materials account for 93.43% of the operating costs of copper. A reduction in the cost of copper raw materials for a company can be said to significantly increase the Māori rate of copper.
The cost of copper raw materials is expected to decrease considerably, raising the gross profits of the copper business. By 2027, corporate copper products are expected to be cheaply smelted, producing at a higher level of capacity. Companies are one of the country’s leading cathode copper producers, with significant advantages in size.
In 2024, companies produced 1.7680 million tons of bronze, or 12.96 per cent of total domestic production, while the remaining four bronze producers ranked as Jiangxi, Yunnan copper, Mid-Kingnam and Middle-King gold, in order of rank.
At the marketing level, the total sales of cathode copper in 2024 were 1.57 million tons, with a ratio of 99.41 per cent, or 1.3 percentage points lower than in the same year. When combined with the total volume of large sales, there will be a high and continuously growing backlog of stocks, accounting for the comparative advantage of the cost of transport in the urban clusters of the East and East China Delta.
On the river coast, along transport networks such as river ports, highways, railway mains, imported raw materials can be transported directly to smelters along the long river roads, with low transport costs, close to the main consumer markets, with an advantage at the end of the sales. The East China region has a well-developed economy, with copper consumption accounting for one third of the country's total.
The company has developed its network of channels, thanks to its locational advantages, deep-ploughing the market for many years. And the continued capacity of its strategies, such as long-term triangular integration, provides a strong incentive for the company’s business expansion.
Engineering, which promotes the upgrading of product structures to high performance, high value added, greener. "Swigwork" refers to the introduction of advanced flash smelting and flash blowing in today's world, drawing on the experience of kennetcottt and glimmer speed smelting technology programmes, design and production operations, and combining the many years of production experience of coloured copper smelting techniques.
There have been a number of technological innovations in process configuration and equipment selection. The “Operator Adaptation Project” refers to the adaptation of the existing Osmet furnace smelting, ps conversion furnaces, solar furnaces, minipolar plate electrolysis, and flue gas acid production systems. The project started in March 2016 and was completed in March 2028.
Enterprises have the advantage of rich smelting techniques and technological upgrading in the smelting industry. Enterprises have mature self-researched intelligence, digital smelting systems, and have developed a large number of skilled operators and managers over the years. They can help them to adapt existing production technologies and provide support to green, digital intelligence transformations. They can also help them build by-product smelting production lines.
At present, new smelting lines for companies include the Goldenstone II project and the Green Smart Copper-based Industrial Park Integration project.
Construction of a 300,000-ton copper smelting system, which began in April 2023 and is expected to be completed by October 2025. The new copper-based material production line is an integrated copper production line, with a total investment of 10.3 billion yuan yuan, officially launched on 26 March 2025.
500 000 tonnes/year of copper wire material, 1.7 million tonnes/year by-product of sulphuric acid. With the full release of the two projects, the total capacity of the enterprise smelting will be over 2.4 million tonnes/year, and the size advantage will continue to grow.
The capacity of the company to produce copper is increasing at a combined rate of 2.63 per cent in the last five years. The company has a copper-producer-producer industry, including copper coronary bronze, copper coronary copper and copper-capable electricians, with a total production of 41.58 million tons of copper in 2024, with a new capacity of 25,000 tonnes/year of lithium batteries and a combined annual capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year of high-precision copper.
At the same time, companies are actively laying new copper-based materials, building new production lines, investing more than RMB 10 billion, and project design is designed to produce 500,000 tons of high-end copper wire material per year. Copper crowns have advanced research and development capabilities and technological accumulation in the industry.
With a low surface contour, low transmission loss, and resistance to such excellent telematic properties as small. The product was successfully certified by an international head firm and exported on a scale of 100 tons per month, a year-round breakthrough of 1,000 tons, and an out-of-sea monopoly. As of mid-2025, the company had 71 patents, 41 of which were patented, and a practical new one.
The core technology of the company was developed autonomously, and the core technology was used effectively in the production of bronze beams. The copper coronary was released and the bronze coronary was warmed. The copper coronary, as a highly processed subsidiary of copper under the corporate flag, was primarily responsible for producing high-performance electrolytic bronze.
But business performance is clearly warming with the production and sale of 25,000 tons of lithium battery copper. With regard to net profits, in the first three quarters of 2025, businesses succeeded in reversing their losses by 63 million yuan, an increase of 163 million yuan.
Based on the projected release rate of the copper marina ' s coloured energy ... assuming that the company ' s own copper concentrates contained 23.30, 31.25 and 33.23 million tons of copper in 2025, the company could reduce the cost of raw materials for copper products by increasing its share of the copper mine, thereby raising the Māori rate: the company ' s new copper-based material production line was put into operation, but the tight supply and demand of copper mines led to the maintenance of smelting and processing costs.
The company ' s copper smelting capacity is projected to be released only at a rate of 5 per cent over the last three years; copper prices are currently high, with 19.13 tons of gold projected for 2025, assuming that all of the gold produced is sold, and it is expected that the copper metal resources will represent the company ' s purple gold as the leading domestic copper smelting enterprise with copper ore resources.
The average annual perpe is 15.86, and the copper mausoleum is 16.41 in 2026, slightly above the industry average, and it is expected that, with the digestion of events such as income tax adjustments and the release of profits, the value of the business pe will be significantly optimized. The risk of falling copper prices, the risk of falling milado II prices, and the geopolitical risk.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts