(601766) : Out of the winter of the transhipment, to meet the spring of the railway cargo, the master of the rail transport equipment from China to the world.
China’s Chinese vehicle, which is an orbital manufacturing company formed by the Chinese South and the Chinese North in 2015 and is listed in Hong Kong, respectively, has inherited all the operations and assets of China’s North and South China and is the largest, most varied and technologically significant company in the world.
The leading supplier of orbital transport equipment has an absolute advantage in China’s rail-crossing equipment manufacturing market. With its traditional rail-traffic equipment manufacturing base, China’s railways have already gained advantages, such as mobile cars and subways, using “high-iron diplomacy” as a “one-way” strategic guideline to actively promote “go-out” and international production-capacity cooperation.
Research assistant: Liu Ji Xin Queng vehicle tenders are stable and the market becomes more dynamic.
Start-up group operations have been crucial in China’s Chinese railway equipment. Thanks to low stock prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months), new start-up projects in 2011-2013 added high-trailer traffic in 2016 and 2017
As new construction began in 2013 and a new season began, the new high-trailer traffic between 2018 and 2020 will hit again, and the acquisition of vehicles will go up in a small cycle. According to the overall external caliber of the medium iron, the total iron will go up from 2018 to 2020.
It's expected to be about 900, an average of about 300, a year. According to our projections, this is supposed to be a conservative figure, and we measure the need for 334, 320 and 350, respectively, for new motor cars in the country for the period 2018-2020, based on about 160 million dollars per train.
The battery market is 54.1 billion yuan, 50.2 billion yuan, and 54.2 billion yuan. It is expected that the progressive high-level maintenance market will gradually expand, with the growth of advanced repairs, according to the billion, being the main increase in the start-up.
In August 2017, after the stoppage of the railways, the city's plans were completely suspended. The city's rail construction went into winter. At the beginning of August 2018, the country changed.
Following the release of document No. 52, which gave an overall boost to the requirements for urban transit planning, the Commission considered the adoption of plans for urban orbital transport in Changchun City and Suzhou. After considering the increase in the requirements of document No. 52, we re-amended the Chinese car: Chinese name.
Forty-three completed city-backed metro projects have been planned, resulting in 29 unaffected urban subway lines kilometres, city-tracking peaks, and peak vehicle purchases.
Underground overseas orders account for more than 80% of the company’s total offshore orders. As the “one-way” policy continues to operate overseas, the company’s share of overseas markets will continue to expand.
The three-year movement of cargo has begun, with the spring of railway freight, and with the increasing volume and turnover of rail cargo, the supply side of the corresponding railway truck will continue to grow.
To judge the market demand for railway trucks. We analyse the ratio of the cumulative volume of rail cargo, the volume of freight turnover, and the value of the cumulative value of the data and the volume of freight truck purchases, which are highly relevant and almost synchronized.
Beginning in 2012, the country began to flatten or even to fall, with rail cargo volume falling by only 3,331 million tons in 2016, a 15.31 per cent decline compared to 2011. In this period of low rail cargo traffic, the volume of railway truck purchases has also fallen to an all-time low. The lowest number is only about 11,000 per year.
In follow-up to the central decision-making deployment on the restructuring of transport and increasing the volume of rail transport, the General Railway will implement, on the basis of research and full validation, a further Action Plan for Incremental Cargo Transport 2018-2020, which clearly states that by 2020, the country will have 4.79 billion tons of rail cargo.
In the next three years, the railway company will invest heavily in the acquisition of a new bulk of high-powered locomotives and vans to meet the need for incremental freight transport. In conjunction with the three-year freight-increment operation, China Railway plans to acquire 216,000 new vans over the next three years.
The increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data and to rail cargo and passenger vehicle holdings data. Since the peak of rail cargo in 2011, the volume of rail cargo has remained non-existent throughout the country.
There has been a marked increase, with negative growth for even three consecutive years, 2014-2016, driving railway locomotive demand to slip. Starting in 2011, railway locomotive holdings have been maintained at 21,000, a slight decline every year.
The opening of the growth corridor, from 2017 to 2020, saw a 30% increase in the country’s rail cargo capacity, compounding 9.1% per year, and the recovery of demand for railway cargoes for vehicles, which led to an increase in the demand for locomotives. Prior to the spread of high-speed railway buses were one of the important modes of passenger transport, while travelling with high-speed railways.
In terms of the impact of bus demand, the passenger base is stable, the replacement of air-conditioned vehicles for non-air-conditioning vehicles is nearing completion, and the increasing attraction of high-iron to passenger traffic is creating a substantial strain on bus operations.
The non-trading equipment business has become an important segment, balancing the fluctuations in performance caused by investment in fixed assets in railways The corporate development strategy has built on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing to enhance rail transport
The expansion and development of industries outside the country has now expanded and formed nine new industrial plates, namely wind power, high molecular composites, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ships and seaworks, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial robots), heavy engineering machinery and mine machinery, and nine models of information and software technology.
In 2017, the business income of the new industry was $53.85 billion, while the Māori rate remained high at 23.69%, with Māori accounting for about 13 billion, or 26.65% of the total Māori in China. As the new industry grew, it became an important link in China’s medium-sized business structure, with a steady profitability and smoothing of railway fixed assets.
The decline in fixed capital investment in railways, the decline in rail freight transport, which has led to changes in the movement of cargoes, the construction of railways (1) moving operations: moving group operations is the most important business module of the company.
In mid-2020, the total anticipated iron tender rejuvenation was about 900, an average of about 300, a year. According to our projections, this figure should be conservative, and we measure the country's new vehicle traffic from 2018 to 2020, taking into account the moving group. Encryption requires an increase of 0.01 vehicles per km per year, predicting the additional requirements of the moving group based on the new traffic, the density of the moving group.
The size of the new battery market is 54.1 billion yuan, 50.2 billion yuan and 54.2 billion yuan, respectively. Based on the available data, it is expected that the number of Class 4 overhauls in 2018 will exceed 400 standard columns, and that the cost of Class 4 and 5 will be estimated to be high in 2018-2020.
The city track operation: in 2017, we had 2,8125 subway vehicles with an operational mileage of 5022 and a density of 5.6 vehicles/km. Following the stoppage, the city track construction plan was suspended for one year and issued in August 2018.
In response to the request in document No. 52 that 29 cities have been rehabilitated throughout the country, and based on the travel time of the 29 cities under construction and planning projects, we have projected the next three years of urban rail traffic, without taking into account the need for increased vehicle density.
Cars, 8,758, and 10926. (3) Truck operations: we analysed the ratio of truck purchases to the country’s cumulative rail cargoes, and found that the ratio of truck purchases to the country’s cumulative rail cargoes is very high for the next three years.
Based on research and full validation, the General Railways will develop a programme of action for cargo increment in 2018-2020, which clearly states that by 2020, the country will have 4.79 billion tons of rail cargo, an increase of 30 per cent from 2017, and that the demand for rail freight will continue to increase over the next three years, as a result of the incremental action taken by the General Iron and China on railway freight capacity.
The demand for cars and locomotives will rebound, providing good development space for company trucks and locomotives. Over the past five years, the total number of locomotives purchased has totalled 12,550,000, and the number of locomotives tendered is less than 2,000, which means that the volume of locomotives and locomotives purchased over the next three years will be nearly twice as much as the total for the last five years. We predict that the volume of railway vans purchased will be again in 2019-2020.
(4) Motors operations: The increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data and to the availability of rail cargo and passenger vehicle security data. Since the peak of rail cargo in 2011, there has been no significant increase in the volume of rail cargo across the country, with negative growth in 2014-2016 and even three consecutive years leading to a decline in the demand for railway locomotives.
The railway fleet has been maintained at 21,000, a slight decline every year. With the three-year increase in freight traffic initiated by the iron and steel industry, we believe that the country ' s rail capacity will re-open its growth path, with a 30 per cent increase in the country ' s rail and freight capacity from 2017 to 2020, with a 9.1 per cent annual increase in composite freight volume, driven by a recovery in demand for trucks.
(5) Bus operations: company bus revenues are decreasing as high-iron modes of travel become more permeable and substituting. From the point of view of the impact of passenger vehicle demand, passenger traffic is stable, the replacement of air-conditioned vehicles for non-air-conditioning vehicles is nearing completion, plus the increasing attraction of high-speed irons to passenger traffic, which essentially squeezes into the general-speed bus business.
In recent years, there has been a gradual decline in middle-car operations and a small share of revenue. (6) Non-trading new industries: business income in 2017 was $53.85 billion, while the Māori rate of 23.69 per cent remained at a higher level, with Māori accounting for about 13 billion, or 26.65 per cent of the total Māori in China.
It's an important part of China's medium-sized business structure, with stable profitability and smoothing of the volatility of fixed capital investments in railways, unlike the general public's perception that Chinese cars follow the volatility of fixed-capital investments in railways, with strong cyclical properties and performance waves.
Greater movement, more difficult overseas market expansion, and a lot of bad luck in recent years. We believe that the first three years will be marked by a peak in the construction of high-train traffic, and that China’s China’s medium-car fleet will have a small climax after a young age, with a higher degree of certainty of demand in at least 300 rows per year, and that the high-level market will continue to improve as the number and duration of mobile cars continues to grow.
In addition, the three-year rail cargo surge has resulted in a huge increase in the number of Chinese trucks, locomotives, and other vehicles with a motive. The master industry’s needs have moved to a better season, and China’s medium-car performance over the next three years, particularly from 2019 to 2020, is highly definite.
Emerging industries have grown rapidly in recent years and are expected to make breakthroughs in the fields of power and motor power, new energy sources, wind power, etc..1 The overall iron bid has accelerated and the construction of high-speed railways has exceeded expectations;2 the national recovery of railway freight, the 13th Five-Year Plan and the eight-way and eight-way progress of railways;
The fall in fixed capital investment in railways, the decline in rail cargoes, which led to changes in the movement of cargo and lower prices for railway equipment products. First, the rise in orbital traffic equipment from China to the world.
(i) High-end manufacturing pioneers based on tradable equipment and comprehensive multi-industry development, China China Chinese Car S.A. (“China Chinese C.V.”, English acronym “crrc”) is approved by the Council of State with the approval of China North Car S.A. and China South Car S.A.
On 8 June 2015, with the approval of the CSRC, China’s Chinese vehicle was successfully listed at the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Union. There are 46 wholly-owned and controlled subsidiaries with over 170,000 employees.
China has inherited all of the operations and assets of North and South China, China, and is the largest, most varied and technologically leading orbital transport equipment supplier in the world, with an absolute monopoly in the Chinese on-orbit equipment manufacturing market.
China’s Chinese vehicle, which adheres to autonomous, open and coordinated innovation, continuously perfects its technological innovation system, constantly upgrades its technological innovation capabilities, builds the world’s leading technological platform and manufacturing base for orbital equipment products, and represents a series of high-speed motor vehicles, high-powered locomotives, railway trucks and urban orbital vehicles, which are fully advanced in the world.
China’s high-speed fleet of products, made by Chinese cars, has become an important feature of China’s development achievements to the world. The products have now been exported to nearly 100 countries and regions of the world, moving from product exports to technology exports, capital exports, and globalized operations.
To look to the future, China will take on strategic opportunities such as integrating the world beyond expectations, grasping strategic opportunities such as the “one-way” and large-scale development of the global orbital transport and equipment industry, vigorously pursuing its internationalization, diversification and synergistic development strategy, fully promoting a globalization strategy characterized by “upgrading the transition and transnationalization” and working towards “China-made 2025”
The company’s development strategy builds on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing, while strengthening off-orbit production.
The extension and development of the industry has now expanded and formed nine new industrial panels, including wind and power equipment, high-molecular composite materials, new energy vehicles, environmental industries, ship and seawork equipment, photovoltaic power generation, smart equipment (including industrial robots), heavy engineering machinery, and mine machinery, information and software technology.
The major subsidiaries of the world such as Land, Hong Kong, Malay and the United States include the Quadripartite shares of Qingdao, the Long Lodge shares, and (ii) the composition and operation of the main business. The main business of the company is divided into railway equipment, urban track, new industry, and four major units of modern services, including railway equipment.
In recent years, under the influence of the Renaissance Model, the number of vehicles delivered in 2016 was clearly small, with low performance. The ratio was 51.26%. The railway equipment business consisted mainly of trucks, locomotives, buses, moving cars, and so forth.
Since 2014, the revenue from moving cars has risen rapidly, with the share of the equipment manufacturing business having been more than 50%, and the share of other passenger, lorry, and locomotive operations falling. The next round of railway capital growth and the new round of rail cargo growth, railway rolling stockings, railways, trucks, etc.
With the exception of railway equipment, the company’s share of total revenue is 15.91%, 25.52%, and 7.3%, respectively. This is close to traditional railway equipment, accounting for about half of the company’s total revenue.
The city track and urban infrastructure operations consist mainly of urban orbital transport vehicles purchased by local and foreign companies, such as vehicles, inter-city motor vehicles, and inter-city express vehicles, and extend to the ppp lump sum operations. The company has been running a single-track transport project, a lake subway and a Kunming subway project. The city track has been gradually becoming a second-line city in recent years.
A growing number of cities have begun to plan subway projects since the city ' s 1355 capital projects, starting in 2017 with a new urban orbital mileage of 869 km and a national operational urban orbital line of 5021 km, with a major breakthrough in the construction of additional orbital urban transport in the next three years.
In addition to this, the company is investing in diversified new business, which includes, inter alia, track parts, new energy, environmental, etc., where track parts and other types of business are highly relevant to the company’s main business and rely on the main business for good development. Other business, including new energy, environmental equipment, and new materials, is the main business.
To benefit from effective market development, higher revenues from power generation equipment and automobile equipment, and faster growth of the new industry portfolio have become the company’s second largest operating block, with a home-grown revenue of 538.5 (iii) in 2017, using a strategic path to a global cross-border market.
China’s medium-sized car, based on the railway rail equipment manufacturing industry, is based on the industrial advantages already enjoyed, such as moving cars, subway vehicles, etc., and is based on the domestic market, building on our long-term development strategy along the country’s borders, and gradually moving towards the global market. As one-way policy moves forward and the country’s high-iron brands sound, a new breakthrough is expected to be achieved in the proportion of cars moving to export.
Analysis of the orders, the 350-km high-speed motors export order between the high-speed contractor consortium (highspeedrailcontractor consortium) and the Central Indonesian high-speed company in mid-2017 was the only order for the departure of the substantive high-speeds.
The export of low-speed cars, including Turkey, the Czech Republic, etc., has been under way for the last three years. The total number of orders in this category is $2.97 billion, representing 5.37% of all orders. This has been accompanied by the country’s growing capacity for technological development and manufacturing capacity, as well as the country’s increased external promotion of high iron, and the volume and amount of external exports of motor vehicles will be increased.
In January 2017, the National Railways Agency issued China Standard Mobilized Vehicle (Name Renaissance) Model and Manufacturing Licences to the China-China Long Spring Track Bus, Ltd., and the China-China Quantico Motor Vehicle.
The new rule is that, at the end of November 2016, the Iron General Party series and the medium-term self-improved and introduced crh380a/b/c/d series, became the national iron high-speed railway passenger transport vehicle type. For companies, the Renaissance Standard Drive Group product, based on this Chinese standard, opens the international iron.
China's subway and high-speed railways have been accompanied by the advancement and development of a “one-way” policy that has extended to dozens of countries and regions of the world, covering Asia, Europe, Africa, the Americas, and Australia. China's overall high-iron mileage has continued to grow. The total mileage has reached the world's highest level.
China’s influence and penetration of high iron in the overseas market will continue to rise. China’s China-China merger of the technology and market advantages of the Chinese-China-China-North vehicle will build on the company’s experience and excellence in the on-orbit transfer, urban-tracking, and other related parts and components industry.
China has become a leading company in the manufacturing of global orbital transport equipment, operating on a scale and with core technology.
China’s industrial capacity, manufacturing processes, etc. is in the lead internationally. China’s Chinese car is aimed at building the world’s leading multinational business groups, insisting on innovation-driven approaches, strengthening business management, promoting transformational upgrading, and investing in improving the quality of development and the management of 11 national industry R & D institutions, 21 national enterprise technology centres and 12 overseas R & D.
In the United States, Germany, and the United Kingdom, three technological platforms for the design, manufacture, and production of internationally advanced orbital transport equipment have been set up. The company’s continued strategic expansion of internationalization over the past few years has led to a growing internationalization of its operations as a whole.
At the same time, the country’s “one-way” strategy has been accompanied by a sustained push to get more orders for companies to go out to sea. Corporate products have been exported to 102 countries and regions on seven continents.
With a combination of technology, services, etc., high iron has become a brilliant card for our high-end equipment, “go-out.” Among the world’s suppliers of tradable equipment, Chinese cars have become the largest harvest, far more than other competing players, and the veritable leader of the world tradable equipment.
The world's top ten orbital equipment manufacturers are at a glance, and the bidding for moving vehicles is stable, and the market is getting stronger.
(i) The demand for moving vehicles is stable and constitutes an important building block for the operation of medium-sized vehicles. The annual revenue from railway equipment is $10,172 million, or 51.71 per cent of the total revenue. Of the railway equipment, $23,437 million is received for rolling stock, $5,184 million for passenger-car operations, $57,541 million for moving group operations and $5,541 million for truck operations.
1,531 (including orbital engineering machinery products), 103 passenger vehicles, 2,752 vans, 51,473 vans, and 6,298 sub-rails in urban areas. Mobile group operations have always played a vital role in China’s Chinese railway equipment, with a maximum of 64.37 per cent of railway equipment and 47.59 per cent in 2017.
(ii) Long- and medium-term railway planning still has considerable scope for development, with a rising proportion of high iron passenger traffic, medium- and long-term rail development planning, from four to eight. With the rapid growth of railway operations, the four main plates in the eastern, central, western and north-eastern parts of the country have been connected with each other, and the “four or four” high rail grid has been largely built.
At present, most of the country’s provinces are moving. In 2016, the National Development and Reform Council, the Ministry of Transport and the General Railways, jointly approved by the State Council, issued the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Plan, which proposes an increase in the number of high-speed railways supported by passenger flows, suitable standards, and development needs.
By 2025, the country's railway network will be about 175,000 km, of which 38,000 km are high, doubling from the end of 2015. By 2030, the country will be largely connected internally and externally.
At that time, the country’s railway network is fully connected to cities with more than 200,000 people, the capital city of the high-speed railway network and other large and medium-sized cities with more than half a million people.
Since 2013, the high-iron network has been formed and gradually improved, with the speed, comfort, and ease of movement recognized by the public. High-iron passenger traffic has grown rapidly in recent years, accounting for a rising proportion of railway passenger traffic, which has gradually become the main mode of popular love.
In terms of trends, high iron passenger traffic has risen rapidly, implying a gradual increase in the need for high iron travel to replace traditional passenger vehicles and even other modes of transport, such as roads. The demand for moving teams is medium- and long-term and is consistent with the population’s life needs.
(iii) Railway construction continues to be high, with a small cycle of locomotive acquisition upwards, starting in 2009 with the first wave of high-iron construction, peaking in 2010 with a year-long fixed-assets investment of 84.27 billion yuan, the highest ever. With the accident in Wenzhou in 2011, high-iron investments were made.
Between 2013 and 2017, railways increased cumulatively by 24,000 kilometres, of which 14,000 kilometres were added to high iron operations, while railway locomotives were purchased largely at $100 billion per year, which was marked by the volatility of railway locomotives from 2010 onwards.
The year 2010 was the peak of a small cycle, with rolling stock acquisitions reaching the bottom of the 90 billion grains in 2012 and the historical peak of $146.5 billion in 2014 and falling to the bottom in 2016. We believe that in each five-year plan, fixed capital investments in railways tend to be in the early years, with the last two years of each five-year plan in which fixed capital investments in base railways are invested.
For years, the number of new railway projects is clear. We have studied the number of fixed-assets investments in railways, the number of new projects, the length of the railway construction cycle, about five years, the number of fixed-assets investments in railways, the number of new start-up projects and the number of new high-speed cars are about five years behind schedule, and the trend and magnitude of the changes are about five years behind.
We can understand that new start-up projects have, on average, reached high-train traffic for about five years. In this relationship, we believe that, as a result of the downside of the new start-up project in 2011-2013, new high-trailer cars fell to the bottom in 2016 and 2017, the acquisition of railway locomotives has also been greatly affected.
The next high-trailer traffic between 2018 and 2020 is about to climax, and locomotive acquisitions are going up in a small cycle. (iv) There is a clear correlation between the increased demand for moving teams over the next three years and the steady increase in demand, as measured by the high-iron mileage and motor fleet retention data.
The distance increases, and the load of moving cars increases almost linearly. By dividing it by a high-iron mileage, the density of moving cars has increased steadily in recent years, with the density of high-iron cars reaching 0.94 vehicles/km in 2017.
China Central Company (601766.sh) studies mobile fleet operations as the most important module of the company’s business. From Chinese and iron total external calibres, the total forecast for the period 2018-2020 is about 900 standard columns, an average of about 300 standard columns per year. According to our projections, this should be the data.
(v) The peak of advanced motor vehicle repairs is gradually coming, and the post-market space is wide, and, in addition to the need for additional mobile units, the day-to-day overhaul of the mobile unit will also provide a huge post-market opportunity for the company. Starting in 2017, the operating motor vehicle fleet will enter the period of major overhaul, and the revenue from medium-sized vehicle maintenance is expected to rise.crh-1,crh-3,
Crh-5, crh380b and crh380c are in the same process, and crh-2 and crh380a follow shorter procedures.
The size of the field will also increase, with the expansion of the level 4 and 5 overhaul market clearly providing direct benefits for medium-sized vehicle performance. According to the available data, it is expected that the number of class 4 overhauled cars will exceed 400 standard columns in 2018, and that, based on class 4 and 5 cost estimates, it is expected that high-level market space will exceed 10 billion in 2018-2020.
III. Stable capital growth, urban railing out of winter (i) the country ' s urbanization into the second half of the patches, the city track building space, and, as the rate of urbanization increases, the city ' s population density increases, resulting in traffic pressures
And with it, urban rail transport is more efficient and efficient in order to deal effectively with urban traffic congestion. The construction of the urban track is a later stage of urbanization. With the gradual increase in urbanization in the country, urban rail construction, which is the capital of the city, is gradually being strengthened, and there is a huge amount of room for urban rail construction.
There is still a large gap, with the per capita urban track length of foreign orbital traffic at 0.39 km/manager, compared to 0.12 km/manager/manager in our orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital lengths, with significant potential for growth per capita urban track. By 2017, 30 of the country ' s cities, excluding Hong Kong and Macao, had opened their cities.
The number of new lines of operation in the year was historically high, exceeding 869 km, an increase of 62.47%. The total number of cities in the country ' s large and medium-sized cities was 6246 km, excluding Hong Kong and Macao, an increase of 10.83%, with cities of more than 300 km including Shenzhen, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, South.
Ten cities, Kyoto, Xiamen, Hangzhou, and Xian. As of 2017, 43 cities have been granted city-to-city transport construction projects, with a total planned length of 8,600 km and a national security kilometre in July 2018.
The second-line city, the second-line city, the second-line city, and the third- and fourth-line city are mostly still in the planning process for the first route of the city, without accompanying the rapid development of the third- and fourth-line city, with traffic stress, accelerated urban-track planning and rising demand for the future development of urban-track transport equipment.
The number of passengers on urban routes has grown faster each year, gradually increasing their share of urban traffic, but there is still much room for improvement. In 2017, there were 84.4 billion public transport passengers in urban areas, down for the second year in a row, with the number of urban buses and electric buses falling by 3% on a year-on-year basis. This is the third year in a row in which the number of regular public transport passengers has fallen.
This decline is contrary to the strategic direction of our priority public transport and the goal of creating a public transport city, and is not in line with the desired results of the development of public transport by the people of the cities and their desire to improve the capacity and level of public transport services in the face of increasing urban traffic congestion. To reverse this situation, urban transport has been transformed.
With independent road rights, high-capacity urban rail traffic became an important direction. In 2017, traffic on the national urban track rose by 18.3 billion people, or 13.66 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase in the corresponding figure. The proportion of traffic on the urban track in terms of public transport increased to 21.68 per cent. At present, urban rail transport is not a very high contribution to public transport as a whole, as a result of urban rail transport.
In the future, the city track will play a growing role in urban public transport, the city track construction will accelerate, and the city will account for an increasing proportion of the total number of people travelling in public transport. There will still be much room for increased traffic in the future.
(ii) The consolidation of the urban track, which is conducive to the healthy development of the industry, and the maintenance of the urban track, which is generally strongly supported by State policy, has been overheated, and has been overstretched, but in general, for the healthy development of the urban track transport industry, so that the short-term policy has not changed over and over again.
In order to reduce the risk of local debt, there are more stringent requirements for access thresholds in the early stages of the construction of major urban rail traffic, as well as the following requirements: cities that have declared plans for subway projects require more than 3 million people in urban areas, and cities with more gdp than
In May 2013, the National Development and Reform Commission (CONADER) delegated to the provincial governments the power to approve the city ' s transport track.
Two orbital transport projects for two or three-line cities have been active, with a number of two or three-line cities entering the boom of declarations and construction. Each area has reached the peak of a series of metro projects.
In 2016, the State Council introduced a policy to reduce the urban population requirement for cities declaring urban orbital traffic development, requiring more than 3 million people in urban areas to move down to urban areas more than 1.5 million people eligible to build subways.
On August 10, 2017, the subway was suspended. As a result of the closure of the subway and the requirement of the Central Financial Conference and the Economic Conference to protect against local systemic debt risks, the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission suspended the construction of urban rail transport.
After three months of work on the subway, it was suspended by the National Development and Reform Commission, which became the first construction project to be shut down publicly: the projects on line 3, 4 and 5 of the Hutt subway were suspended by the Autonomous Communities prior to the start of work; and the construction of phase 3 of the Cyan subway was suspended by the National Development and Reform Commission.
On 13 July 2018, the Office of the State Council issued the Opinion on Further Strengthening the Management of Urban Orbital Transport Planning and Construction (State Publication No. [2018] 52).52 Document No. 52 placed additional demands on urban orbital transport construction:
To guide the development of the light track, the general public finance budget for cities declared to be building the light track should be up to 15 billion yuan, with a total regional production value of over 150 billion yuan and a resident population of over 1.5 million people in urban areas.
The project is usually planned for five to six years, and financing, construction, etc., needs to match local finance. At the same time, strict speed controls are required for a new round of construction planning to be carried out until the last year of the construction plan or more than 70% of the total investment in the project is completed.
(b) On 17 July 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission relaunched the process of planning and approval. On 18 and 19 July, following repeated communications from the Provincial Development and Reform Commission, the Foundation Division of the National Development and Rehabilitation Commission agreed to a review of the Changchun plan.
At the beginning of August 2018, the National Development and Reform Commission convened a meeting of directors to consider the adoption of the third urban track planning for transport through Governor Jilin Spring City. Changchun was the first city to be approved after document No. 52, followed by the urban metro planning in Suzhou.
The results of the review of the proposal for strengthening urban orbital transport planning were that 29 cities across the country met the requirements of the State Council and the National Development and Reform Commission for the declaration of new subway construction. The 29 cities were: Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Chongqing, Xiamen, Shenzhen, Dalian, Qingjiang, Ningbo, Guangzhou, Wuhan, Changchun, Nanjing, Jinnan, Chengdu, Hang, Wuzhou, Wuzhou, Xi,
Suzhou, Xuzhou, Yutsu, Shi Jiaxuan, Chengzhou, Changsha, Nanchang, Lake Chang, Dong Chang, Fushan, Changzhou, Shao Shing. The 14 cities that do not meet the requirements of document No. 52 include Hu-Hot, Head, Government Debt Rates in 3 cities in Lanzhou, and Resident Population in 6 municipalities in Nanning, Kunming, Xian, Shenyang, Harbin, Guiyang.
The rate is not satisfactory: the resident population is not eligible in the three urban areas of Luyang, Nantung, Fuzhou: moreover, the public budget income of Taiwon city is not eligible and the gross product of Urumqi city area is not eligible. Without taking into account the mileage for the next three years of the planned project, reference is made only to the plans for the construction of the country’s 43 urban subways.
From 2018 to 2020, we project 1009 km, 1134 km, and 1435 km of national urban rail traffic. (iii) Urban rail operations account for a steady increase in the revenue of medium-sized vehicles, which is expected to increase by 20% in composite terms over the next three years, with 15.91% of the annual total.
With the rapid growth of urban track operations, urban track operations in China’s Chinese Central Car Battalion, in terms of the number of vehicles: in 2017, we had 2,8125 underground vehicles with 5022 kilometres of service and 5.6 kilometres of vehicle density. According to our forecast of urban track traffic traffic over the next three years, the city track is not considered for the time being.
Increased vehicle density requirements, based on conservative estimates of 5.6 vehicles per kilometre in 2017, are projected to require 7675 vehicles in urban areas, 8758 vehicles and 10926 vehicles in urban areas over the next three years. (iv) Increased number of underground out-air orders, and huge expansion space in overseas markets
As the domestic market continues to develop, the offshore market for the Central and Central Car City track is growing rapidly, and the overseas project is making new progress. The largest order is the Victorian government ' s high-volume subway car, signed with the Australian Department of Public Transport and the Australian Public Transport Department, which is a consortium of long-stayers and Australian companies in 2016.
In addition, orders from Argentina, India, Turkey, the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., were awarded successively, with the cumulative value of the winning subways exceeding RMB 50 billion between 2015 and the first half of 2018, with the total value of the subway overseas orders accounting for more than 80% of the company's total overseas orders.
The policy continues to operate overseas, and the company’s share of the overseas market in its urban track operations will continue to expand. Four or three years of freight-increment operations will be launched, in anticipation of the spring of railway freight (i) the volume of truck purchases is closely linked to the speed of freight increases.
Overall, the past few years have been relatively low for trucks, starting in 2017, when the tenders began to run. In 2017, China received $22.1 billion in vehicles, an increase of 101% over the previous year, accounting for 20.35% of the revenue from Chinese railway equipment.
A railway truck is intended for the main transport of goods and can be divided into general-purpose and special-purpose trucks by use. A utility truck is a vehicle that applies to the transport of a wide range of goods, such as convertibles, sheds, flats, etc. A special-purpose truck is a vehicle that transports a particular type of cargo, such as coal trucks, container trucks, bulk cement trucks, etc. The weight and speed of operation are important for measuring the performance of a truck.
Target. To further improve the loading capacity of trucks, the company has completed the development and piloting of 80-t-grade general cargo vehicles with more than 14 per cent higher load capacity than the cargo vehicles currently carrying the largest load. In order to provide the new heavy load lines with the appropriate cargo vehicle product, the company has completed special cargo vehicles, such as the 100-t-grade kerosene-100.
It was developed, with an increase of about 20% in the load of the c80-series convertible. Pre-researched fast-cars were tested at a maximum speed of 200 km/h or more, with good kinetic performance. Advanced design and manufacturing techniques were used to complete the export of smart vans from overseas high-end markets, using advanced technology such as electrospace brakes, axle temperature monitoring, de-orbiting monitoring and so on.
This has led to a significant increase in safety and reliability, which is currently the world’s most technologically advanced railway truck. At present, China’s Chinese vehicle has the capability to develop and develop 160 km/h fast-cars and axle-cars with 42t ~45t heavy cargo loads, and a full series of truck products has been developed and applied in bulk to cover a maximum of 120 km/h.
The railway freight market, in which the bulk of goods such as coal, ore, steel, etc. are transported at a higher rate, while the convertible is the main means of transporting the bulk of the goods, thus retaining the convertible in the truck market, accounting for more than 60% of the railway cargo vehicle security. As rail cargoes and turnover continue to grow, the corresponding supply side demand for railway trucks is on the supply side.
The trend in rail freight transport and the economic climate corresponding to the demand for bulk commodities determine the demand for railway freight markets. We analyse the cumulative ratio of rail freight volumes, the aggregate volume of freight turnover, and the cumulative value of truck purchases, which is highly relevant and almost synchronized.
(ii) Rail freight has experienced a five-year low recovery in growth, with total iron and iron having opened up three-year incremental rail cargo movements. Rail freight has experienced a 10-year high growth in gold at the beginning of the twenty-first century, from 1999 to 2011, with rail cargo traffic increasing from 1,676 million tons to 3,933 million tons, and a 12-year compound increase of 7.39 per cent.
Road traffic has begun to level off, and has even declined continuously, from 3,331 million tons in 2016 to a 15.31 per cent decline in 2011 across the country. In this period of low rail freight, railway truck purchases have reached historical lows.
The current macroeconomic situation is in the midst of a short-term recovery and rebound, but growth will remain low and stable in the medium to long term. On the basis of an overview of the overall market situation, and on the basis of an analysis of the rail cargo situation, the volume of freight has gradually emerged from the country’s annual rail cargo volume of 3.69 billion tons, an increase of 10.75 per cent, the first in the last five years.
In follow-up to the central decision-making deployment on the restructuring of transport and increasing the volume of rail transport, the General Railways Corporation, on the basis of research and full validation, will also develop a programme of action on freight increment for the period 2018-2020, with the clear indication that by 2020, the country ' s rail cargo will reach 4.79 billion tons, an increase of 30 per cent over 2017, with bulk shipments.
The proportion of rail freight traffic has remained stable at over 90%. Of this amount, railway coal traffic has reached 2.81 billion tons nationwide, representing an increase of 650 million tons compared to 2017, representing 75 per cent of national coal production and 15 percentage points higher than in 2017, and rail ore diversion has reached 650 million tons compared to 2017, representing an increase of 400 million tons compared to 2017, representing a total of overland ore.
85% of the volume, an increase of 50 percentage points from 2017; container multimodal transport, an average annual increase of more than 30% between 2018 and 2020; and enhanced rolling stock security. Over the next three years, the railway company will invest more in the acquisition of a new large-powered fleet of locomotives and vans to meet the increased volume of freight transport.
The acquisition of 40,000 vans, 188 locomotives, 78,000 locomotives, 1564 locomotives planned for 2019, and 98,000 locomotives, 2004 locomotives planned for 2020. The cumulative procurement volume of locomotives and locomotives for 2018-2020 was affected by the incremental actions of the total iron and iron on the capacity of railway freight, and the demand for railway freight will continue to increase over the next three years.
During the year, the total number of purchases of the total number of medium-sized iron and steel trucks amounted to 125.5 million and the number of requests for tenders was less than 2,000, which means that the volume of purchases of locomotives and locomotives over the next three years will be nearly twice as high as the total over the past five years. We predict that the volume of railway purchases will be (iii) rolling stock operations in 2019-2020: increased movement of goods for the benefit of which there will be a renewed demand for locomotives.
In 2017, China received $23,437 million, or 21.67 per cent of railway equipment. The railway operations were linked to the image of railway passenger cargo and were highly volatile.
The vehicle has now covered a series of narrow tracks, tracks, wide-track products, and has been built and mastered of a total of motorcycles, bodies, gears, tractors, towed transformers, network control systems, brake systems, drivers, and nine core technologies. In particular, it has been promoted by the rapid development of modern Chinese railway equipment in the last decade, and has been introduced, digested, absorbed, absorbed through technology.
In addition to innovation, Chinese motorcycles have opened another milestone in the development of Chinese locomotive technology and products, with systems research and development, model manufacturing, whole supply chain system development, sound transportation services, etc., on a new stage. From the df (East Wind) series, they represent an inside engine platform, the ss (Singshan) series, the electric motor vehicle platform, and the gk (worker).
To date, medium-sized locomotives have covered 17 species in five series, including hxd1/hxd2/hxd3/hxn3/hxn5.
The increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data, and to rail cargo and passenger vehicle holdings. The negative annual or even third consecutive year growth has led to a decline in the demand for railway locomotives. Since 2011, railway rolling stock has been maintained at 21,000, a slight decline every year.
The country’s rail cargo capacity will again be re-opened, with a 30% increase in the country’s rail cargo capacity from 2017 to 2020, with a compound increase of 9.1% per year. The recovery in demand for railway cargoes for vehicles has led to increased demand for locomotives.
During this period, railway rolling stock has been maintained for about 21,000 railways for seven years since 2011, and even in the middle, there has been a slight decline. In 2017, railway rolling stock stood at 21,000, an increase of 87 compared to the previous year, of which the internal combustion engine accounted for 41.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.9 percentage points from the previous year, and the electric motor vehicle 58.1 per cent, an increase of 0.9 percentage points from the previous year.
The increase of 24,000 km per year to 87,000 km in 2017 and the continuous progress of the railway electrification process over the past 10 years, with an average annual increase of 2.35% in Electrification mileage to 68.5% in 2017, means that there is still around 31.5% market space for the replacement of electric motor vehicles for internal combustion motor vehicles. According to the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Planning (2016-2030)
As well as the content of China’s Transport Development by the National Railways Authority, by 2020, the country’s total railway operations will have reached 150,000 kilometres, while railway electrification will have reached more than 65%, i.e. about 90,000 kilometres. The additional electrical mileage will also bring about replacement demand for electric motor vehicles.
Reference is made to the request of China and iron for an incremental movement of goods over the next three years, where the demand for locomotives will grow again in the next three years, reaching 3,756, which is far higher than the number of tenders in the past few years. Purchases of locomotives, like trucks, are about to reach a historic peak from 2019 onwards.
(iv) Bus operations: Passive car fleets are gradually crowding out of the market and will be gradually replaced by the 160km Revival. Railbuses are dominated by high-speed cars, inter-city motors, internal combustion units, and a series of 25 railway buses, with product structures adapted to different speed levels, different grade levels, and different power-trailing methods.
The bus product consists mainly of a series of 120-200 km/h passenger cars, a series of sleepers, food trucks, luggage cars, power-generating vehicles, special vehicles, highland vehicles, etc. The bus is one of the most important modes of passenger transport before the high-speed train becomes widely available, and as the high-speed train and other modes of travel become more permeable and subdued, company bus revenues are diminishing.
The steady availability of passenger vehicles, the replacement of non-air-conditioning vehicles by air-conditioned vehicles, coupled with the increasing attraction of high-iron to passenger traffic, has in effect squeezed the general-speed bus operation. The stock of passenger vehicles available is sufficient to meet the current situation of becoming a Chinese-car-frontier operation. In 2017, China collected $5,184 million, or 4.32 per cent of railway equipment.
Kilometres are the “Recovery” series, which is designed to upgrade and replace the existing 25t passenger vehicle, which will become the main product of the next generation of the country's bus. The bus market will be gradually replaced by the 160km/h revival model.
(i) Nine major segments of the new industry ' s business outreach. The corporate development strategy, building on the advantages of core technology and equipment manufacturing, has strengthened the extension and development of industries outside of orbital traffic, and is now expanding and forming nine new sectors, namely wind power, high-molecular composites, new energy sources.
Cars, environmental industries, ship and seawork equipment, photovoltaic power, smart equipment (including industrial robotics), heavy engineering machinery, and mine machinery, information, and software technology are nine major modules. The new industry has a product advantage.
New industrial business growth accelerated in 2015, rising from 13,363 million yuan in 2014 to 52,921 million yuan, and remained at a high level, with Māori accounting for about 13 billion, or 26.65 per cent of the total Māori in China. With the growth of new industries, it has gradually become an important link in China ' s medium-sized business structure, with a stable profitability and smoothing of capital investment in railways.
Performance fluctuations due to fluctuations. Chart 69: Emerging industries in recent years and revenues of the same value (millions) Figure 70: Emerging industries in recent years as a percentage of total revenues (billions)
(ii) Modern service operations accelerate the whole industry chain layout.
The strategic plan for the business of modern corporate services is to integrate financial and business-based financial and logistics operations, based on medium-sized goods, focused production, optimize stock operations, expand incremental operations, both within and outside the country, and introduce new institutions,
New mechanisms and high-end talent have led to the creation of a high-profit business community. In 2017, modern services received $15,413 million, a decline of nearly 60% compared to the previous year, and Māori accounted for 1,535 million of the company’s gross domestic product. (1) Start the car business: moving the group business is the company’s most important business module.
In mid-2020, the total anticipated iron tender rejuvenation was about 900, an average of about 300, a year. According to our projections, this figure should be conservative, and we measure the country's new vehicle traffic from 2018 to 2020, taking into account the moving group. Encryption requires an increase of 0.01 vehicles per km per year, predicting the additional requirements of the moving group based on the new traffic, the density of the moving group.
The size of the new battery market is 54.1 billion yuan, 50.2 billion yuan and 54.2 billion yuan, respectively. Based on the available data, it is expected that the number of Class 4 overhauls in 2018 will exceed 400 standard columns, and that the cost of Class 4 and 5 will be estimated to be high in 2018-2020.
The city track operation: in 2017, we had 2,8125 subway vehicles with an operational mileage of 5022 and a density of 5.6 vehicles/km. Following the stoppage, the city track construction plan was suspended for one year and issued in August 2018.
In response to the request in document No. 52 that 29 cities have been rehabilitated throughout the country, and based on the travel time of the 29 cities under construction and planning projects, we have projected the next three years of urban rail traffic, without taking into account the need for increased vehicle density.
Cars, 8,758, and 10926. (3) Truck operations: we analysed the ratio of truck purchases to the country’s cumulative rail cargoes, and found that the ratio of truck purchases to the country’s cumulative rail cargoes is very high for the next three years.
Based on research and full validation, the General Railways will develop a programme of action for cargo increment in 2018-2020, which clearly states that by 2020, the country will have 4.79 billion tons of rail cargo, an increase of 30 per cent from 2017, and that the demand for rail freight will continue to increase over the next three years, as a result of the incremental action taken by the General Iron and China on railway freight capacity.
The demand for cars and locomotives will rebound, providing good development space for company trucks and locomotives. Over the past five years, the total number of locomotives purchased has totalled 12,550,000, and the number of locomotives tendered is less than 2,000, which means that the volume of locomotives and locomotives purchased over the next three years will be nearly twice as much as the total for the last five years. We predict that the volume of railway vans purchased will be again in 2019-2020.
The following is a new history: the increase in the demand for locomotives is related to passenger and cargo traffic data and to the availability of rail cargo and passenger vehicle security data. Since the peak of rail cargo in 2011, there has been no significant increase in the volume of rail cargo throughout the country.
Long, negative growth for even three consecutive years in 2014-2016 has led to a decline in demand for railway rolling stock. Beginning in 2011, railway rolling stock has been maintained at 21,000, a slight decline every year. With the total three-year increase in freight traffic from the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the metal to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the iron to the steel to the steel to the steel to the iron to the steel to the steel to the steel to the iron ton.
Road cargo capacity increased by 30 per cent, with a compound increase of 9.1 per cent per year, and demand for freight trucks from railway freight resumed growth (5) Bus operations: corporate bus revenues dwindled with the gradual penetration and substitution of high-iron modes of travel.5 From the point of view of the impact of passenger demand, passenger traffic is stable, and the replacement of non-air-conditioning vehicles by air-conditioning vehicles is nearing completion, plus
The increasing attraction of the upper iron to passenger traffic has in essence squeezed the speed bus business. The stock available has been declining in recent years, turning into a marginal middle-car business, with a small share of revenue. (6) Non-trading to the new industry: business income in 2017 was $53.85 billion, while the Māori rate remained at 23.69 per cent.
At a higher level, Māori accounted for about 13 billion, or 26.65% of the total Māori in China. As the new industry grew, it became an important part of China’s medium-sized business structure, with a steady profitability and smoothing of capital investment in railways, resulting in lower investment in fixed assets in railways, a decline in freight traffic leading to a change in cargo growth, and a shift in railway equipment products.
In 2016, China joined the Associated Securities Institute, with a certificate number: US$ 03005160001.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.