Heung Swe Medicine (600276) The Rama Zollum has been approved and the anesthetic line has been re-established as a large variety.
Incidents: The company issued a public announcement, 1 type of chemical drug was used for the injection of toxazolamine sulfonic acid, and was officially approved for production by the National Drug Surveillance Authority, the first clinical declaration was made in March 2013, a clinical release was issued in March 2013 and an application for production was made in March 2018.
The new form of benzodiazepines/anaesthesia is the new form of benzodiazepines, which is a modified product based on the structure of the midars. Rimals are rapidly hydrolyzed into olyclopric acid, which is almost non-pharmacological, which reduces the recovery time of the rums significantly compared to midiaclons; and Midasulon.
The defect is that the metabolic product is still active, which has greatly prolonged the recovery of the patient. The company’s current approved adaptive condition is the calming of the routine gastroscopy.
The clinical application of ultra-short-acting anesthesia is widespread and is expected to be a 2 billion-grade heavy-prevalence anaesthesia product. Reimagine is a short-lived gabaa receptor agonist, developed by Paionag and developed by a company that, after extensive pre-screening and research work, has developed the thorium sulfonic acid (different from original research); the drug is a hypervelocity effect.
The combination of sedated/anaesthetic abstinence and the effectiveness of propofol is a great alternative to the existing abdominal abdominal abstinence, mirror anaesthesia (which takes about an hour to complete), which is a quick awakening (five-minute half-life), safer and more effective, which is an excellent anaesthetic drug for anemic intestinal mirrors.
Space. In the field of anaesthetic drugs, product turnover is much lower than in other drug use areas, and most of the existing products, represented by propofol and heptafluoroane, are mature and clinically used for many years. Based on sample hospital data, the total market size of the country is about $10 billion, with a combined share of Prophenol and heptafluoroane accounting for about 90%.
Market share; successful approval of three adaptive disorders in a company is expected to change the pattern of the whole market and gain a market share of more than 20% of the whole market, with a peak sales value of over $2 billion.
Development cycle, moving companies from traditional generics to innovative drug companies, maintaining “buy-in” 1. Heung Swe medicines (600276): layout ophthalmology, and diversification of research and development of highly expanded products (2019-11-09)
2. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Rare Medicine Innovators (2019-11-01) Heung Swe Medicines (600276) Innovations accelerate growth,
High and sustained innovation in R & D (2019-10-26) Significant and sustained growth in R & D (2019-08-30) Henry Medicines (600276) imitation against tumor heavy pounds
Batch, continuous improvement of oncology products (2019-07-10) 6. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): super heavy pounds of pd-1 in place to counter approval and grow the most dynamic
(2019-06-02) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.