Hepatic cancer has been approved for adaptation, with multiple adaptations expected to occur in the next 1-2 years, and on 13 March 2020 hepatic cancer was a high-prevalence tumor in China, with a large number of patients, but with a projected global liver by 2027.
Hepatitis is the fourth highest cancer in China. At the same time, China is also the world’s most affected by liver cancer, and according to Globocan 2018, primary liver cancer in China accounts for 54.6% and 53.9% of all deaths, respectively.
Market predicts that the global market for liver cancer drugs will reach $4 billion in 2027. Carrillium Monopoly, China’s first marketed pd-1/pdl1 for liver cancer, has a price and time advantage on the market, and if first-line treatment is approved, it will be possible in the next five years.
Medicines, but Kareli Pearls are China’s first approved pd-1/pdl1 drug for liver cancer treatment. Although second-line treatment has fewer patients and limited market space, in the area of liver cancer, there is a need to improve market recognition and awareness by helping Carrellis to get into the liver cancer market before other competitors.
Nominality, laying the foundation for the penetration rate of first-line treatments after approval, while the liver cancers, in addition to Shing Swe, are ahead of schedule in Bms and Aslicom. We predict that if first-line treatment is around 2 billion in 2021, the sales peak is about 2 billion.
Space. Carrell Pearls are resistant to combined melancers, late or transient non-septic non-cellular lung cancers on the first line of treatment, second-line treatment of late-stage dietary cancers, two new products were rapidly released in September 2019, and research and development projects were stepped up.
Adaptive conditions such as small-cell lung cancer, snorkel cancer and stomach cancer are clinically active and are expected to get 2 in 2021. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): new products.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on firm sound business style, diversified product lines and
The combination of folfox4 first-line treatment is late, hepatocells are approved for ii clinical treatment, adapted to the symptoms, and the marketing of heavy-pound products, such as Gillini and violet protein, has led to an increase in sales, rich R & D tubes.
Line 2019-07-17 provides a sustained impetus for companies to develop in the future. As industry leaders, companies benefit from policy-driven innovations and increased concentration, so we maintain a buy-in rating.
Pipelines are less advanced than expected; preparations are being exported less than expected. The company Kareli Pearl Line 2 treatment for late-stage hepatocytes who have received chemistry in Solafini and/or Osali platinum systems has been approved by the National Drug Supervisory Authority (nmpa).
Hepatic cancer is high in China, with a large number of patients, but the forecast is that by 2027, the global market for liver cancer drugs will be $4 billion. According to the National Cancer Centre, there are 3,70 million hepatic cancer patients in China in 2015, the fourth highest cancer in China.
Hepatic cancer accounted for 54.6 per cent and 53.9 per cent of deaths worldwide, respectively, so that more than 80 per cent of patients were already in the late and late stages of liver cancer, with a global market for hepatitis drugs of $4 billion a year, owing to the fact that most early liver cancers were in symptomatic or non-specific heterosexual symptoms and were not easily detected.
Hepactic cancer is treated with fewer medications, with the target-to-drug focus, and the immune treatment has become more visible. At present, fda has approved two medications for first-line liver cancer: Solafini and Levatini, while second-line medications such as Rivalani, Kabolyni, Remolu and Navuliyo and Paboli. The clinical data show that second-line treatment for immunotherapy is slightly superior.
The target is treated on the target. The target is treated on the medium survival of the drug (mos), the second-line target is treated for about 10 months, orr about 10%, while the immunotherapy is treated for about 13-15 months, orr about 15%.
The results show good clinical efficacy in Kareli Pearl, which is more in line with China's national situation. 2019 coso data show that Kareli Pearl is treating patients who have been treated with Solafeni and/or Oshaliprom, orr 14.7%, mos 13.8 months, versus Navuliyu (14.3%, mos 15.1, Pabo)
It's the same for the lurch (orr 17%, mos 12.9 months). But the baseline for the shr-12010 grouping of patients is even worse, mainly as a result of: 1) the higher Hbv infection rate among the patients in the group, reaching 84.9%; these patients are generally worse off, later in their illness, and have a higher burden of tumors; 2) the patients are relatively young (average 48 years (other studies)
The average age is 63-68), and in liver cancer, the more malignant the tumor is, the worse the prognosis. Based on a poorer baseline for the Kareli Pearls anti-introduction group, comparable clinical data reflect good clinical efficacy in treating liver cancer. And, because hepatic cancer in China is dominated by the Hbv virus, the company's card.
Joint medications are highly effective, and there is a trend towards immunotherapy of liver cancer. In terms of the efficacy of several combined medications, combined medications have a significant effect: 1) first-line treatment: in the clinical trials for the treatment of liver cancer in the Paboli Pearls and Levarians.
In June, mos 14.6, mpfs 9.7%, orr 36.7%, based on good clinical effects, the program was awarded by fda which determined that the first line of treatment for terminally incompetent liver cancers was inoperable; 2) in second line of treatment, orr 50%, Kareli Jolle and Appaleni combined, orr 50%, mpfs 7.2%, better than target-to-target treatment
First-line treatment increases in the number of people involved, competitions are strong, and Kareli Joll's anti-clinical layouts are early and pre-emptive. First-line treatment has a greater number of patients than second-line treatments, and several pd-1/pd-l1s are used first-line drugs for liver cancer in the layout.
The rest of the first-line treatments are co-medicated outside Mercerton. We believe that, while the cost of co-medication is higher than the cost of single-drug treatment, the clinical effect of co-medication is more obvious from current clinical data and, overall, more than single-drug approvals.
The data (table 4) show good treatment and the associated adverse effects can be controlled and included in the primary liver cancer diagnostic guidelines (2019 edition). Kareli Jumbo is the first drug in China to market pd-1/pdl1 for liver cancer, which is available on the market.
At present, there are eight marketed pd-1/pdl1 drugs in China, but Kareli Pearl is the first drug to be approved to treat liver cancer in China, pd-1/pdl1. Although there are fewer second-line treatment patients and there is little market space, the approved liver cancer area helps Kareli Pearl to enter the liver cancer market before other competitors, and improves its recognition and visibility.
To lay the foundation for the penetration rate of first-line treatments after approval, in addition to Shing-Swe, the first steps in liver cancer are Bms and Asli-Kon. We predict that, if first-line treatment is approved in 2021, in the next five years or so, the sale of Carelli Jewelleries against liver cancer will reach about 1 billion, with a peak of about 2 billion.
Two adaptive disorders are on the market, and multiple adaptive conditions are expected to be on the market for a period of 1-2 years, gradually expanding the market space. Carrie Leathules is in the process of treating late or transient non-small cell lung cancers, single drug second-line treatments, etc. At the same time, the adaptive conditions of non-applemental cell lung cancers, nausea cancers, stomach cancers, etc. are in clinical ii, and are expected to be 2021.
Based on sound corporate business style, diversified product lines, and a rich stock of research and development pipelines, we expect sales growth from heavy-pound products such as public pd-1, tidaloni, violet protein, and rich R & D pipelines to provide a sustained impetus for companies to develop in the future. Companies, as industry leaders, benefit from the benefits of policy-induced innovation drugs and clusters of industries.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for medicines is lower than expected; approval of medicines for review is less advanced than expected; development pipelines are less advanced than expected; and East Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.