Yesterday, according to information released by Nmpa, the company Kareli Pearll's anti-monitor second-line liver cancer adaptation application (admissory number: cxss1900023) was approved by the National Drug Surveillance Authority (nmpa).
As a rule, at present, the company's carrillium single second line against liver cancer is the country's first approved liver cancer, pd-1/pd-l1. Carrill single second-line adaptive disorder against liver cancer was approved for only nine months, adding to the sales campaign for Carrill alone: the company's carrill bill was approved for 2019 against the classic Hodge lymphoma.
In the city, the second dose of liver cancer is its second approved adaptation (also the first pd-(l)1 in the domestic area of liver cancer).
Production declared; other adaptive conditions, such as stomach cancer, have entered three stages of clinical intervention, and the future is nearing completion. Carrell's clinical response to other adaptive disorders is well under way, and clinical data are better than expected: this time, approval was granted 1.
Hepatic cancer second-line clinical data were excellent, orr amounted to 14.7 per cent and dcr 44.2 per cent; median tttr amounted to 2 months, 6 months the rate was 74.4 per cent and 12 months the rate was 55.9 per cent.
vs. 39.3%), dcr (87.3% vs74.4%), dor (17.6mvs9.9m), pfs (11.3mvs 8.3m). Clinical data for the third stage of late dietary cancer in the second line of a single drug, dcr (56.7%), orr (33.3%), 6 months mpfs 31.5%, mpfs (3.6m).
Research and development costs continue to grow, and early clinical potentials and overseas clinical options are expected to increase: the company is expected to invest hundreds of millions of dollars in research and development. In the recent past, the company’s oral a2ar antagonists have received national clinical clearances, the company’s shr 0302 has been approved for fda, shr 1702 and shr 1701.
We expect new clinical varieties to be filled with new drugs, and we recommend that attention be paid to clinical developments in new medicines such as l-17, pd-l1/tgfbeta, l15, a2ar antiagents, and to progress in the overseas Pd-1 joint Apateni first-line clinical programme.
Taking into account the company's performance in the marketing of innovative medicines, as well as the successive approvals of high-quality domestic and foreign generics, and the steady growth in performance, we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. We expect Lee Jin-ray to be 2019-2021.
There is uncertainty about the procurement of generic pharmaceutical belts. There is uncertainty about the progress of research and development on innovative medicines. There is uncertainty about the clinical and approval of generic medicines and innovations abroad.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment