Heung Swe Medicines (600276): Rapid release of innovative medicines with high growth in performance Medical biology Company’s performance meets expectations. The company achieved business income of $23,289 million in 2019.
Dollar, 33.70 per cent increase in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in the parent company, $5.328 billion, or 30.94 per cent increase in the same year, or $1.20 per cent; operating cash flow of the company, $3.817 billion, or 37.58 per cent increase in the same year; cash flow, good performance of the company
In 2019, the company achieved $10,576 million in anti-cancer products, an increase of 43.02 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from the rapid release of new products such as protein violet ol, which contributed to high growth in the company’s performance.
There are six innovations on the market, of which Kareli Pearl Monsignor (pd-1) and tolus sulfonic acid (the last year) show stock prices as new species in 2019; another major adaptive to the heavy-pound pd-1 species.
Second-line liver cancer has recently been approved as the country's first-listed pd-1 drug for liver cancer; second-line esophagus cancer and first-line non-small cell cancer adaptive disorders have been included and are expected to be officially approved in the course of the year.
For the first time, the sulfur-pefrostin injection fluid was negotiated for inclusion in the 2019 health insurance catalogue, and Apa Téni has been successful. Health coverage will allow for rapid release of booster products. The company's oncology product lines are expected to continue to grow at a higher rate and the share of innovative medicines will expand.
During the reporting period, the company received $5,507 million (+18.35 per cent) in narcotic products, which slowed down and is expected to be associated with the right Metomi to be included in the collection catalogue; and the production of film agents, during the reporting period, the company was actively involved in the procurement of taped quantities, acetic acetic acetic acetic acetone and hydrochloric acid.
The U.S. U.S. Leaks, the Ggio capsules, and the second batch of successful U.S. S.A.A. were consistently high-intensity research and development, actively expanding the overseas market. In 2019, the company invested $3.89 billion in research and development, representing a 45.9% increase in business income.
16.73% During the reporting period, 2 batches were obtained for the production of innovative medicines, 11 batches for the production of generic pharmaceutical preparations, 29 batches for the production of innovative medicines and 2 batches for the production of generic medicines;
The mutant ovarian cancer adaptive disorder has been put on the market and prioritized for review, and projects such as non-small cellular lung cancer and breast cancer, pd-1 breast cancer have entered three stages of clinical treatment.
During the reporting period, the company continued to add products such as joint medications, shr3680, shr0302, shr1459, which were allowed to conduct international multi-centre clinical trials abroad; in addition, it introduced Mycovia in the United States.
The company's patented precursor compound vt-1161 against fungi infection and the German novalig drug cyclasol and nov03 for eye-drying have acquired the exclusive right to develop, produce and sell these innovations in Chinese medicine.
Profit forecasting: We predict that the company will be eligible to belong to the parent company in 2020-2022. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be able to guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information due to the recipient ' s receipt of the report.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.