Shen Wen, cfa.
Industry Classification: Pharmaceutical Biology Company achieved business income of $2,328,857,600 during the reporting period, representing an increase of 33.70 per cent over the same period; Profits Main Businesses continued to grow rapidly during the reporting period. Company operations against oncology achieved operating income during the reporting period
$10,577,559,41 million, an increase of 43.02 per cent over the same period; Māori rate of 93,96 per cent, an increase of 18.35 per cent over the same period last year; Māori rate of 90.21 per cent, a decrease of 0.72 percentage points compared to the same period last year. Shadow agent business increased by 2.87 percentage points over the same period.
Research and development (R & D) innovation for virtuous development. Companies continued to increase their R & D investment during the reporting period, reaching $389,633.6 million in 2019, an increase of 45.90 per cent over the same period; and accounted for 16.73 per cent of corporate operating income.
In 2019, the company obtained significant results through research and development inputs, with two production batches for innovative medicines and 11 for generic pharmaceuticals during the reporting period; 29 clinical batches for innovative medicines and 2 clinical batches for generic drugs.
In addition to the innovative drugs, the company’s first imitation of sodium carbonate, its first imitation of sodium sodium sodium sodium, its imitation of polytinic acid, etc., has also been approved and is expected to continue to strengthen the company’s industry leadership and expand it.
Quantities-based procurement policies bring positive benefits. In the current context of the country’s health fund control costs, they are accompanied by a gradual expansion of the company’s rich pharmaceutical production product pipeline and vertical integration.
The advantages are easy to achieve. In mid-January 2020, in the second round of accelerator purchases, some of the company’s products, such as the injection of purple sapol (teprotein combination), the dgio capsule, the acetic abit of acetic acetic acetylene and acetylated platinum, will be further expanded.
Shutting down the sale of products and increasing the company’s market share have had a positive impact on the company’s ability to produce in the future. Hen Swe’s medicine, as the leader of our innovation drug industry, continues to benefit from the country’s innovation drug policy.
Air Capital Building S.S.A. Ltd.