24 December 2024 Summary of events: Sealight Information has successfully applied for multiple applications since December, according to the National Intellectual Property Agency Network
Patents, including “test methods, test devices, electronic devices and storage media”, “bi-routine interconnection systems, plate systems and computer equipment of processors”, “a chip design method and devices, electronic devices, storage medium interconnectivity of processors, etc.
The main elements of the patent are the \triangleright system, taped system and computer equipment: to achieve a two-way processor between the two processors 1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) three-quarter reporting points in 2024
Connectivity, which provides the basis for data transmission between the two processors, and the interconnection of the processors.
-2024/10/16 Interconnectivity is essential, and the company's technology in this area has been increasing to reach more trainees. 2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) semi-annual reporting point 2024
In the patent for “test methods, test devices, electronic devices and storage media”, the tests include:
3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Rapid performance in 2023 Data communication with the tested equipment to transmit target data by double-rate physical layer interface; and target data reading and writing processing in which the target data is used to perform data validation to test the tested set-up
The test is a way to move away from the reliance on third-party property-directed (p) suppliers. In large countries, the sealight information (688041.sh) forecast for 2023, the autonomy of the underlying technology is more important in the science and technology game, and companies continue to deepen their layout in the cpu field.
5. Sealight Information (688041.sh) event evaluation: high end of national production, in a patent entitled “A chip design method and device, electronic equipment, storage medium”
The processor upgrades, and the release of Sealight Four products - 2023/11/ecrets - effectively reduce the complexity of the chip design while ensuring that the chip has a reasonable composition of crystals, and help companies to upgrade their chip design capabilities and the efficiency of their overlaps.
The dcu layout continues to be deep and the series of products is well under way. The company continues to increase its input on the dcu side of the software and has built a fully-fledged and autonomous software warehouse, including "dtk(dcutoolkit" , the development of a chain of tools, model warehouses, etc., which is fully compatible with the "cuda", "rocm" ecology, and supports the tensorflow.
Mainstream in-depth learning frameworks and mainstream applications, such as pytoch and paddlepaddle. The company has a good ecology and builds a unified bottom hardware driver with a well-structured software warehouse that can fit with different api interfaces and compilers, and supports common function libraries, ai algorithms and frames.
In terms of performance, sealightdcu has a strong computing capacity, high-speed parallel data processing capability, good soft ecologicals, etc., with clients covering such industries as ICSID's New Capital, Internet, Finance, Transport, etc., and has launched a joint programme with leading Internet manufacturers to build a national production of hardware and software - whole.
At the same time, the company responded positively to the call of the state for “new infrastructure development” and actively supported industry in building data centres and numeracy platforms, promoting the deep integration of smart calculations with numerical calculations, and contributing fully to the development of the state in intelligent cities, biopharmaceuticals, industrial manufacturing, scientific computing, etc.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $6,137 million, an increase of 55.64 per cent, and a net return of $1,526 million, an increase of the same amount.
In a single quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 2,374 million yuan, an increase of 78.33 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 672 million yuan, an increase of 199.90 per cent over the same period.
The international mainstream x86 processor architecture and technical routes, with the advantages of excellent system architecture, high reliability and safety, rich hardware and software ecology, have been applied on a large scale to such areas as telecommunications, finance, connectivity, education, transport, industrial design, graphic image processing.
At the same time, the company continues to build high-quality industrial chains around upstream and downstream, and is eco-friendly. In the United Nations, mainstream server manufacturers have developed a product that encompasses generic server racks, humans, industrial intelligence servers, blades and high-density servers, storage products, and visual workstations, margin computing products.
The products in many forms form form a system of national whole-time partnerships to facilitate the import and coverage of corporate products to end-users. The company’s high-end processor products have been widely recognized by a wide range of industry users in the country, and partnerships have gradually been established with such well-known server brands as wave, association, Xinhua, and others.
Investment proposal: The company is the lead in the domestic chip field, the cpu business remains fast-growing, dcu \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.