High-end processor development is progressing well, with bright performance 16 October 2024 Event: October 15, 2024 Third Quarterly Report released by Sealight Information, 3rd quarter 2024
\triangleright achieved operating income of 6,137 million yuan, an increase of 55.64 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of 1,526 million yuan, net return to mothers of 672 million yuan, an increase of 199.9 per cent in the same year and a rise of 18.94 per cent in the ring.
A company based on a generic computing market where high-end processor products \triangleright has a unique advantage in function, performance, ecology and safety.
In the first three quarters of 2024, companies grew 55.64% on a year-on-year basis, the net profit on a parent increased 69.22% on a year-on-year basis, and the net profit on a non-parent basis increased 76.87% on a year-on-year basis.
In the third quarter of 2024, companies continued to increase their technology, R & D inputs, to win customers for superior product performance and to meet industry development needs.
High-end processor products, with not only leading computing performance, but also demonstrating strong advantages in terms of safety and reliability, industrial ecology, and autonomy. Sealight cpu series products compatible with X86 command sets, processor performance, excellent parameters, effective compatibility with millions of current system software and applications based on X86 command sets
The company’s main product is now Sealight 4, which is the first to use a self-research cpu microframe, and Sealight 5, which is currently well under development and is expected to further advance the autonomous control of the home-grown chip. The Sealight dcu series of products is compatible with the "cuda" environment and can support full-precision model training.
The company’s mainstream server manufacturers have built up a variety of types of market demand, including generic server racks, artificial smart servers, blades.
The production of high-density servers, storage products and products in many forms, such as visual workstations and peripheral computing products, has created a system of national production and whole-time partnerships that together promote the import of corporate products to end-users and 1. Sealight Information (688041.sh) semi-annual reporting points in 2024.
The company’s high-end processor product has been widely recognized by many industry users in the country and is gradually being evaluated: cpu and dcu products are at a good pace and performance is steadily rising; there is a partnership between the brands of well-known servers, such as Xinhua and Xinhua.
2. Sealight Information (688041.sh) performed fast in 2023.
3. Sealight Information (688041.sh) performance forecast for 2023
4. Sealight Information (688041.sh) Event Evaluation: National Production High End Processor Reupgrading, Sealight IV Product Release 2023/11/ \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received any direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.