On 17 October 2024, the company released its performance report for the third quarter of 2024. During the reporting period, the company achieved
Operating income of $6.127 billion, an increase of 55.64 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return profit of $1,526 million, an increase in profitability of the same year and a record high in the q3 quarter: the company ' s performance in the first three quarters increased, and it is seen that: 1) operating income: the company achieved operating income of $6.127 billion in the first three quarters, the same amount
Wu Jing grew by 78.33% over the same period and by 9.34% over the same period; 2) net return profit: net return achieved in the first three quarters was equal to +12.91pt, ring to +5.3pt. We believe that the company ' s performance in the third quarter has remained positive.
In the third quarter as a whole and in the single quarter, the net return profits outpaced the growth rate of the harvest, reflecting the rising quality of the company ' s profits; the company ' s Māori rate maintained its growth, and its Māori rate reached an all-time high in the 24q3 quarter, demonstrating the strong competitiveness of its core products in the market, while the company had a strong bargaining power.
Increasing technological R & D inputs and verifying higher temperature levels for stock growth. During the reporting period, companies spent 1,814 million yuan on R & D, an increase of 41.83 per cent and 683 million yuan on R & D in 24q3, an increase in R & D investment, but the share of R & D investment in revenue has gradually decreased, reflecting the company's R & D output.
The transformation effect is significant, and companies will continue to increase their R & D investment in the future; a significant increase in inventories indicates that companies are actively preparing to respond to downstream demand, downstream into the landscape cycle, and high-profile levels are fully validated.
Corporate product performance continues to improve, with core advantages in the field of high-end processors, including sealight generic processor (cpu) and sea light association processor (dcu), cpu series product compatibility x 86 command set for relative depth 300
It is widely applied in important sectors or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport.
Large-scale data processing, artificial intelligence, commercial computing, etc. We believe that, with the continuous upgrading of large models, the advancement of our integrated computing network and the East-West accounting project, and the addition of information technology layers, companies are expected to continue to benefit from industrial trends and open up opportunities for growth.
Investment proposal: The company is a leading national company with high-end processors and is in the lead in cpu and dcu chip technology, with a continuous increase in the penetration rate of the "Intelligent Plus Arithmetic" and the prospect of opening the door to growth. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my pay has not been in the past.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He is the executive director of the research department of a large, well-known pe institution. He has a second-tier market experience and has a long-term focus on research by technology companies.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.