Plateau mines are growing more mature, with a coded Tibetan copper resource 22/08/2023, 21/08/2023, the company's fully-owned subsidiary, Purple Gold Industries, is going to work with the Maroon Mines (the company owns the shares).
In this reorganization, the Purple Industries will fund a total of RMB 1,646 million, through the transfer of shares in the concession industry, and through the replenishment of the Sino-Sinking Industries and the Virunge Mining Industry.
In total, 48.591% of the central sink business was finally acquired, with the central sink business holding prospecting rights for the Tibetan Juno copper mine after the reorganization was completed, and the purple gold industry was subsequently leading the construction and operation of the Juno copper mine.
The four major shareholders of the \triangleright company were the Maroon mine (45.9 per cent), the purple gold industry (26.1 per cent), Tibetan creative investment (18 per cent) and Tibet Hizb (10 per cent), in which the gold mine actually held 48.591 per cent of the shares in the Juno copper mine.
The Tibetan Hizb is controlled by the State Finance Committee of the City of Japan. 2 Resources: mega-species deposits with additional copper resources amounting to 2.223 million tons, or 3 per cent of the copper resources in 2022. 3 Development programme: open-air mining.
The size of the selection was 24 million tonnes/year, and the total service of open-air mining was 20 years (excluding 2 years of capital construction), amounting to an average of 99,000 tonnes of copper metal produced in the postnatal year.
6.7 per cent of the total amount is 6.7 per cent.4 Natural geography and infrastructure: Juno copper mines are located in the Jacchan region of the Tibet Autonomous Region.
The project was selected at a high altitude of 4,460-5,850 metres, with harsher operating conditions. The water supply was abundant, with reliable power sources available in the districts of Laze and Aren, which are closer to the mining area, and in the mining areas, where there are few permanent residents, no development zones and restricted development areas.
The semi-annual report for 2023 (601899.sh) predicts the company’s impact: 1 buy is relatively reasonable. In contrast to the Tibetan dragon copper mine, the average list of Juno copper mines is rated slightly below expectations, and copper lithium is expected to continue to be released.
The acquisition of tons of copper metal is valued at $1538, and the acquisition of the giant dragon copper mine at $745. Given the volume of 2023/07/09 copper uplifting and the higher grade of the Juno copper mineral, the unit acquisition cost is more reasonable.
q1 performances met expectations, the mining giants continued to grow into like dragon copper mines, the Juno copper mine dropped after delivery, assuming that the copper price remained at $8,700 per ton (i.e. average in 2022).
Long - 2023/05/04, with a net return to the mother or mother of the mine amounting to $1,086 million.
The Tibetan Dragon, assuming the same copper price, will have a net profit of 2.23 billion yuan in the postnatal year of the Juno mine, with an assessment of the successful completion of the three-step phase, the diversification of the mine with a net profit of 1,086 million yuan to the mother, or 5.4 per cent of the total net profit of the company to the mother in 2022.
This expenditure: new capital expenditure is manageable. The next 4. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) performance forecast for 2022, based on construction expenditure of $100 million per ton of copper production, will cost about $1 billion more to build a mine.
Queries: This is a year-on-year increase, with a 7% expectation of copper gold and lithium molybdenum. 4 projects are coordinated: Tibet will be one of the three largest copper production bases in the world for future companies.
The company’s copper gold production continues to grow, and the lithium molybdenum project builds a new growth curve.
One incident: the acquisition of 48.59 per cent of the shares in the Tibetan copper mine, which was proposed by the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Purple Gold Industries, and Zilong Mines (with 49 per cent of the company's shareholding), on 21 August 2023.
Reorganization of shares in the co-participating business, in which the gold industry will fund a total of 1.646 billion yuan, through the transfer of shares in the concession industry, as well as through the replenishment of the Chinese business and the mining industry, which will eventually receive 48.591 per cent of the total share in the central business, which will hold prospecting for the Tibetan copper mine upon completion of the reorganization
Right, and the purple gold industry has been leading the construction and operation of the Juno copper mine. 2 Juno copper mines in their former life: before the large-scale copper-carbing mine was acquired, the label company actually controlled Shaw Young-min. Shaw Young-min held 90% of the Tibetan Innovation Consortium.
The remaining 45% of the stock is held by the Shengen Mining Company, which in fact controls Tibet’s 5th Geological Brigade. When the takeover was completed, the purple gold mine became the project’s real owner.
Industry (45.9 per cent), Purple Gold Industries (26.1 per cent), Tibetan Harbour (18 per cent) and Tibet Hizzmin (10 per cent), where the gold mining industry actually holds 48.591 per cent of the shares in the copper mine of Juno, including 26.1 per cent in the gold industry and 45.9 per cent * 49 per cent = 48.591 per cent (the remaining 51 per cent of the stock in the mine is held by the Tibetan Shen Shensu group).
The process of restructuring has taken three steps: the first step: the transfer of 25.2561% of the shares of the company from the Tibetan initiative to the purple industry, and the transfer of the value of the shares.
The sum of $51,775,000 is paid in three instalments according to the time of registration and completion of the reorganization of the business, and the second step is the transfer of 6.318 per cent of the shares of the company that was the subject of the transfer of shares to the Purple Industries by the Senggen Group, the price of which is $12,951.9 million, and the payment in three instalments according to the time of registration and completion of the reorganization of the business change.
In the same way, the company in which the company is the subject of the company was increased by $79,298.1 million in equity, while the company increased its share of the company by $76,188.37 million in cash, and the company was supposed to sign the agreement.
A third step: the parties agree that, after the completion of the two preceding steps, the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the shares of the company in question will be reduced accordingly.
After the replenishment, the company’s registered capital became $82,621,951.22, and the excess value of the replenishment was converted into a capital build-up or capital transfer.
2.2 Resource endowments are excellent: large-scale tiles of copper molybdenum. Juno copper is located in the Trotis-Himalaya-based mineral belt of one of the world's three breech fields, which is a large-scale blubber-type deposit.
Long granite tiles, granite tiles, and plaque-like 2 long granite rocks are controlled by the given mine. The main body accounts for 98.65% of the total resources, the flat form is irregular elliptical, and the spatial form is thick plate-like (in the middle, thin), long rice; the upper part of the body is industrial, with a higher grade, and the lower grade mines are distributed along and around the industrial body, as follows.
Main. A high degree of oxidation of shallow ore. 3% of copper resources. According to a detailed survey report submitted by Geological II in June 2023, the total amount of resources in the Juno copper mining area (control + extrapolation) was 35,363.27 million tons of copper ore and 2,203,021.54 tons of copper metal.
The average grade was 0.62 per cent; of this, the amount of resources controlled was 14,052.11 million tons of copper ore, 1,249,654.69 tons of copper metal, and 0.59 per cent of copper ore. In addition, the amount of mineral resources under the right to prospecting in Juno was still difficult to use: 46,510.71 million tons of copper ore, 1,340,224.5 tons of copper ore, and the average grade of copper.
Based on an on-site assessment by the company ' s professional technical team, it is found that Juno copper is resource-intensive, resource-reliable, mine-side and centre-deep are not completely closed, and has a better potential to find additional deposits.
Total: 354 million tons of cur ore, 2203 million tons of c-metal, 0.62 per cent of the average grade of c-cu; 130 million tons of cauldron, 26 million tons of mo-metal, 0.02 per cent of the mo-grade; 721.62 million tons of cauldron, 1.09 tons of au-metal, 0.15g/t of the average grade of cauldron;
399,52 million tons of silver metal, 7.72 tons of silver metal, ag with an average grade of 1.93 g/t. 2.3 Natural conditions are worse, yielding nearly 100,000 tons of copper annually after childbirth. Natural geography and infrastructure: natural conditions are worse, but companies have very high-altitude copper mines, such as dragons.
The project was selected at a high altitude of 4,460 to 5,850 metres, with harsher operating conditions.
Ali provides a reliable source of electricity through Raze and Anjin counties, which are close to the mine site. There are few permanent residents in the mine area and do not involve prohibited development areas or restricted development areas.
In an irregular ellipse form, the space was thick, semi-hidden, partially exposed in the south east, buried in the mine, year (excluding two years of the capital period), 99,000 tons of copper metal produced in the postnatal year, 48.1 million tons of purple gold interest, or 6.7 per cent of the annual production of copper interest in 2022. The final product is copper concentrate and molten concentrate.
The mine has acquired the right to prospecting with an area of 17.92 square metres, valid for the period from 24 March 2022 to 24 March 2027, assuming that this year's exploration is completed and that, based on the two years of the construction cycle, we expect the mine to be physically out by the end of 2026 and the beginning of 2027.
The acquisition of Juno copper can be compared to the acquisition of Tibetan dragon copper at that time, and the acquisition of the average single ton of copper metal resources in Juno copper is valued at $1538 ($1,646 million).
(t) Taking into account that the value of copper at the point of acquisition was $5659/tonne, the current price of copper at the point of time was $8176/tonne, an increase of 44.5 per cent, that copper prices were significantly higher than the net present value of the mine ore or higher, and that the level of the mineral resources at dragon ore was only 0.33 per cent, which is far lower than that at Juno or copper ore 0.62 per cent.
The increase in the cost of the acquisition is more reasonable. The annual average is 1,086 million yuan in net profits for the mine. The project is not yet complete, based on previous production and construction experience of the Tibetan dragon copper mine (the two are similarly developed, single tons of ore are selected).
In 2022, the total cost of single tons of copper ore from the Tibetan dragon ore was 106 yuan, in 2022, in 2022, in or near 39 million tons of copper ores, and in Juno ore only 24 million tons of copper ore, the size of Juno copper ore is less than that of the ore ore ore ore ore, assuming that the full cost of the ore from Juno ore is 30 percent higher than that of the dragon ore ore.
If the same copper price is assumed, Juno's net profit in the postnatal year would be 2.23 billion yuan, or the mother's net profit would be 1,086 million yuan, or 5.4 per cent of the company's total net profit of 20 billion yuan in 2022.
The cost of construction is estimated at around US$ 1 billion. On a two-year equal basis, additional capital expenditure is allocated at around RMB 3.5 billion per year (assuming that wedcny = 7), of which the interest in purple is 48.591%, and the capital expenditure is 7% of the company’s total capital expenditure of RMB 24.790 billion in 2022.
Project synergies: Tibet will be one of the three largest copper production bases in the future. Tibet is the largest reservoir of Chinese copper, the largest copper mineral in the country in the new era, and the company's long-term tracking and interest investment project, and this reorganization programme has been agreed by the relevant government departments in the Tibet Autonomous Region in favour of Juno copper.
Following up on the construction and development of the mine. Juno copper mines will have a huge aggregate effect, along with the Tibetan dragon copper mines under the company’s flag, and Tibet will become one of the most important growth poles of the company’s copper minerals, further enriching the company’s domestic copper resource reserves and production, which will be of strategic importance for the company’s future development.
The company’s copper gold production continues to grow, and the lithium molybdenum project builds a new growth curve.
1) The exploration process is less advanced than expected. The project is still the right to prospecting phase.
The construction of a normal open-air mine is expected to take about two years, if unexpected events occur during the construction process that will delay the construction process, or will affect the mine’s timely production and the risk of a fall in the price of copper molybdenum.
If the price of copper molybdenum falls, it may result in a synchronized decline in the sale price of the company’s products, thereby affecting the company’s profitability. 4) Cost or the risk of capital spending exceeding expectations, etc. In this report, for the purpose of quantifying the impact of the Juno mine on all aspects of the company, the average capital expenditure of the industry and the cost of the dragon mine are taken into account.
By analogy, however, there are different situations in the construction and operation of mines, which reduce the profitability of companies if actual costs and capital expenditures are higher than expected. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.