Price drops have delayed performance, and copper gold has a very strong growth dynamic. \triangleright \triangleright
The main reason for the fall in copper and zinc prices and the corresponding decline in behaviour in major metals costs is the same performance of 2023h1. \triangleright 1 output: mineral copper is overachieved and mineral gold is slightly in arrears.
Zinc production (lead) of 240,000 tons, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period, of which minerals copper, zinc (lead) and silver completed 52-53-53 per cent of the annual production target, exceeded the plan, mainly because of the excess increase in production due to the mining of the Serbian Timok and the Kamoa II technology conversion project, taking into account the six-month suspension of the dragon copper mine due to the accident, if positive
Qiuzu has often produced real or higher production. Mineral gold production has met 44 per cent of the annual target, mainly because of Pogra s010521120001.
Failure to resume production as scheduled, Shanxi Purple (target 2023 5.4 tons, 2023h1 real 1.8 tons) and Aurora Research Assistant Zhang Qing 2 prices: copper prices fell on the same scale and gold prices rose on the same date, zinc prices fell on the same scale. 2023h1 mineral copper/gold
Research assistant Lee Jean, research assistant Nanyuki, 6/4/4.3 pct of the increase in the cost of mineral gold/copper/zinc is due to the depreciation of the renminbi in United States dollars.
Cost increases. 4 Cost: Four fees increased by $1.93 billion on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to an increase of $9.5-65 billion in financial and management costs, respectively. Financial costs were mainly due to the increase in the size of the financing, short-term liabilities/long-term 1.violet mining (601899.sh) dynamics reported: highland mines
At the core: the three copper mining clusters continue to bloom, and the titanium strategic metal plates build new growth curves. Mountain development matures, with Tibetan copper resources plus 2023/08/2 copper plates, timok with mines, Camoa II expansion and three stages of construction, Dragon II, three world classes.
2. The semi-annual report for 2023 (601899.sh) reported a slightly lower than expected performance in anticipation of the continued deployment of copper gold and lithium in gold mines, rosebel, Savayalton and the continued growth of gold production.
With the high-quality lithium resources of the two lakes, the project is continuing, and it is expected that the resource advantage will translate into the production of 3. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) in the 2023 season. At the same time, it will be added to the strategic mine to acquire the world’s largest stock of monomagnetic molybdenum, and the amount of molten resources will be raised.
Quantified: q1 performance meets expectations, mining giants continue to rise and are expected to become one of the world’s largest molybdenum producers in the future.
Investment proposals: the company ' s copper gold production continues to grow, the lithium moly project builds a new growth curve, and the price of copper is folded up.
5. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) performance forecast for 2022
0.6 per cent long; net profit due to mother, minus 25.3 per cent in the same year, minus 10.7 per cent in the ring; and resonance from non-motherhood, with reduced sales prices and cost increases of 1.645 billion yuan and 2,319 million yuan respectively in mineral products, while the increase in copper sales was evident as a result of the release of capacity, resulting in an increase in sales of 1.936 billion Maori in mineral products
$N. The combined Māori rate of 2023h1 decreased by 2.49 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to decreases in copper, zinc prices and cost increases. Figure 10: Changes in the company ' s Māori rate and in the mineral ' s Māori ratio, Figure 11: Changes in the company ' s gross profits by quarter and in the Māori rate
The Mäori rate of mining enterprises in combination circ} ring comparison, with the Mäori of detailed products, shows a remarkable performance in mineral silver.
2023q2 mineral products and smelting ends Māori rings reduced by $1,187 million, of which minerals and smelting \checkmark refined Māori rings increased in part by mineral silver (+28 million) but because of mineral gold (215 million)
Mineral copper (-584 million yuan), copper smelting (-002 million yuan), zinc from mines (-350 million yuan), zinc smelting (-20 million yuan), iron ore (-43 million yuan) products, overall non-main products (including trade logistics, smelting and processing silver, gold products, copper pipes/copper belts),
The \checkmark precious metal trade, service operations, etc., with internal offsets, the Māori ring ratio - $65 million, calculated by the difference between the total Māori value and the main business product, is a marginal drag on performance.
q1  q2, Māori on the mine side has fallen over zinc on the mine alone and iron concentrates, all of which have risen: Māori on the iron ore from 2.27 per cent to 2.13 per cent and Māori on the mineral zinc from 3.93 per cent to 1.04 per cent, the ring ratio has fallen; and copper on the mine, Māori on the smelting side of copper, the core increase in the ring ratio, is derived from the increase in the sales ring ratio: copper q2 unit cost of smelting.
The ring ratio declined, but the price fell more than cost, reducing the amount of profit per unit, but the volume of sales increased, with an increase in the Māori share; the decline in the Māori share ratio of zinc smelting was largely influenced by factors such as the shrinking of the profit space per unit: while the sales of zinc smelting q2 increased, the sales price fell more than the cost, resulting in a decrease in the cost.
The Māori share of copper, gold, and silver on the mine has increased the Māori share of the ring: mineral silver has increased as a result of higher sales, while selling prices have increased more than costs, while copper in the mine has decreased prices, costs have risen, and the unit profit space has been compressed, but sales have increased.
Plus, the increase in the Māori share was driven mainly by a smaller decline in Māori than in total Māori. The decline in Māori share of mineral zinc, iron powder, was mainly due to a decline in sales, while the share of the profit margin was reduced per unit: 2023q2, mineral gold, silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron ring, 6.56%,
Price end: 2023q2, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron concentrate ring ratio + 5.14 per cent, cost end: 2023q2, mineral gold, mineral silver, mineral copper, mineral zinc, iron concentrate ring ratio + 10.34 per cent, Māori reduction, other non-primary products + 383 million yuan.
The same-year decline is mainly due to mineral copper (993 million yuan), mineral zinc (-741 million yuan), mineral gold (-46 million yuan), iron ore (-054 million yuan), and the same increase in mineral silver, copper smelting and zinc smelting blocks q2 by 29 million yuan, 219 million yuan and 83 million yuan, respectively.
Although sales of iron concentrates have increased on the same basis, prices have fallen on the same date and costs have increased on the same basis, and the share per unit has decreased, not to mention the share of Māori, which is 12.30 per cent, 87.30 per cent and 19.70 per cent; the volume, price and cost of mineral gold have increased on the same basis, but this increase is far greater than the price increase; and the Māori Mineral silver has benefited from a substantial increase in sales at the same time as the core of the growth of the same year.
More than the cost increase, the increase in the sales of copper and zinc smelting has benefited from an increase in the sales ring ratio, and sales prices have decreased by less than the cost margin, and the per-profit space has increased by the same ratio.
The increase in unit prices was greater than the increase in cost, and the unit Māori equals and the ring ratio increased; the unit Māori lowers the unit Māori equals and ring equals as a result of the unit price increase less than the present increase; the unit Māori lowers the unit Māori equals and ring equals as a result of lower prices and higher costs; and the unit zinc ring ratio: the unit price decreased more than the cost lowers, in units
The Māori ring ratio declined by the same year: the unit price fell and the cost increased, resulting in a decline in the unit price; the copper and zinc ring ratio was smelted by a reduction in the unit price greater than the cost; the unit ring ratio fell by the same year: the unit price fell by a decrease less than the cost, and the unit Māori by the same year increased.
Cost end: Increased costs during the period, a small decline in asset-liability ratios of $1 billion, higher sales and management costs on a par, mainly due to an increase in the number of merged enterprises, higher financial costs mainly due to interest costs resulting from an increase in the size of the financing, higher R & D costs due mainly to an increase in research and development projects; quarterly increases
Figure 14: Changes in corporate costs, Figure 15: Changes in corporate R & D costs, R & D costs, R & D, respectively + 19 million yuan, -034 million
A 5q2 ring dimension non-recurring profit increase in main business profitability Ring ratio, 2023q2 non-recurring profits (other gains + net returns on investments + fair value change less change in investment returns for associated and joint ventures, 2023q1
Derivative investment losses for which no hedging relationship has been specified; corporate asset/credit impairment losses of 2023q2 have increased by billions of dollars, indicating that performance in other areas other than the normal business of the company is also more visible. Detailedly, the increase in the non-recurring gain/loss item of 2023q2 q2 ring ratio is reflected in the following:
Gains/losses on changes in fair value and investment gains (+657 million yuan) outside the effective hedging operations associated with a regular operation, impairments of receivables tested separately for reversion (+108 million yuan), losses/losses on non-current assets disposal (+14 million yuan), other loss/loss items that meet the definition of non-recurring gains/loss (+02 million yuan) are included in this account.
Financial occupancy fees charged to non-financial enterprises for current gains or losses (+16 million); q2 ring-weight reduction major body now: government subsidies that account for current gains or losses, but which are closely related to the normal operations of the company and are in line with national policies, except for government subsidies that continue to be paid to non-financial enterprises in accordance with certain standard quotas or quantities (-33 million yuan), other businesses
The decline in mineral copper prices and the decline in profits of un-full-owned subsidiaries has led to a reduction in the earnings and losses of minority shareholders. Figure 21: Quarterly income tax rates and income tax rates of companies. Figure 22: Quarterly gains and losses of minority shareholders and minority shareholding ratios of companies
With the influx of 51 million yuan and a 472 per cent increase in the ring ratio, there is an increase in the flow of 370 million yuan. With the reptiles of projects such as tlmok, Kamoacacacura, one or two series, dragon copper mines, copper sequester, Norton gold fields, the production of corporate copper and gold will be further enhanced, and the cash flow of corporate operations is expected to improve continuously.
The net cash outflows resulting from the fund-raising activities of 2023q2 amounted to $329 million, compared with the cash situation during the same period the previous year, and we believe that the company ' s financial pressure is less significant.7 The performance of the subsidiary perspective
7.1 Mineral gold: slightly lower production than the median annual plan, slightly lower cost profit: 2023h1 mineral gold production of 32.34 tons in 2023h1, an increase of 19.63 per cent in the same year, which is lower than the average annual quota of 36.0 tons. 2023h1, Zelavshan (-0.30 tons), dawn gold and copper (-0.03 tons), Fujian
Gold mountain copper mines (-0.74 tons), Guizhou Mercury Caves (-0.32 tons), Luoyang Kunwoo (-0.15 tons), Servea purple copper industry (-0.75 tons, mainly due to the effects of refining systems), Serbian purple gold mining (-0.03 tons) and other (-0.61 tons) have had some impact on the size of the company ' s total mineral production, but
Norton gold fields (+0.39 tons, with 5 million tonnes/year of low-grade gold piles climbing the slopes and rising in the second half of the year), Okonk (+0.45 tons), Dao Bo Mountain (+0.02 tons), Avuritika (+0.26 tons), Mineral Smart Selection and Expansion Project, with further growth in production during the second half of the year.
(+0.25 tons), Guyana Aurora (+0.13 tons), gold mining (+1.40 tons) and Su Rinarosbel (+3.51 tons) contributed more.
Net profits of 258 million yuan, 294 million yuan, 521 million yuan and 107 million yuan, respectively, respectively, were affected by local gang attacks in Colombia, but the gains were still much higher than the gains; net profits of 544 million yuan, 533 million yuan, respectively, in Central Tazerovshan, Barique (New Guinea), Norton gold fields and Shun Chun Yiqin, respectively, were realized.
-25 million yuan and 273 million yuan, down -38.40 per cent, -220.63 per cent, -137.27 per cent and -0.08 per cent, respectively. The decline in profits in Central Tazelavshan is mainly due to the sale of some stocks last year, with a higher profit base.
7.2 Mineral copper: the same price is down, with production exceeding the average annual plan value of 47.50 million tons. 2023h1, the Xinjiang Ashele copper industry, the Bisha mine in Eritrea, the Western Dragon, the Kamoa copper industry (equity) and the Serbian purple gold mining have continued to increase efficiency gains, respectively.
Profit-side: The overall net profit of the major share-holding companies in the copper plate fell year-on-year, mainly subject to price declines and slippage. Musonoy, Xinjiang Ashele, Serbian purple gold industry, Serbian purple gold mining and Dolbao Hill, respectively, experienced higher slides due mainly to the impact of the smelting system on production, with the dragon industry growing by 69.57%, mainly by winning.
Production and sales have increased on the same basis. 7.3 Lead and zinc: the price of zinc is lower than the price of zinc, and the profits are higher at the end of the production end: 217.2 million tons of mineral zinc produced in 2023h1, an increase of 7.15 per cent in the same year.
Production of mineral zinc increased by 7.47 per cent, 5.15 per cent, 6.18 per cent and 86.99 per cent, respectively, in industry, the Russian Federation, Tuwarongjing, the Urat post-flag purple gold and the Xinjiang Ashele copper industry, and mineral and zinc production from the Bisha and other lead and zinc mines.
Declined. The unit value of zinc produced in mines fell from $170.06 per ton to $114.18 per ton per ton. Figure 28: Net profit of the company ' s major stock participation in zinc plates (in tens of thousands)
7.4 Iron concentrates: double-priced, same-year-down profits End of production: 2023h1 tons of production, 1.47 million tons per year, 15.52% per cent per year. Of this amount, the Xinjiang gold mine achieved 780,000 tons of production, 35 per cent less than the same year, while the Fortune Mall mine produced 470,000 tons, less than the same year.
Profit side: Beneficiary downstream demand was strong, iron ore prices rose sharply, and iron ore plate sizes rose. The benefits fell to 585 yuan per ton. 2023h1, net profits were realized in the Xinjiang Gold Treasure and the Fujian Mall, respectively, by 320 million yuan and 333 million yuan, a decline of 15.61 per cent and 30.21 per cent, respectively.
7.5 Mineral silver: Production has grown steadily, and profit margins have remained essentially equal, priced and profitable: 207.64 tons of mineral silver production in 2023h1, compared with 13.09 per cent in the same year, exceeding the average annual plan value of 195 tons. 2023h1 mine unit prices have been raised from $3.21/g of 20222h1
In 2023-2025, the three major world-class copper deposits of the company ' s copper plate continued to be released; gold plate tiles continued to be produced in the west, Norton fields, and sea gold mines continued to be produced, and Savayaton gold mines were added to the table; lithium plate "two lakes one" was gradually released and productive capacity was released; moly plate molluscs contributed in the future. Multiline parallel profits continued to grow.
The company's copper gold production has continued to grow, the lithium moly project has created a new growth curve, and the price of copper has been swollen, and we continue to look at the company's alpha logic. We expect the company to achieve a net return in 2023-2025. 1) The project has not progressed as expected. The company still has more projects under construction, and the construction of these projects still needs to be invested.
Large amounts of human and material resources may be affected by sudden events such as recurrent outbreaks, which may result in projects not progressing as expected, when the pace of production release will slow, with an impact on profitability. 2) The price of metals such as copper gold falls. Companies produce large commodities, transparent prices, copper, gold, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as zinc, silver, iron ore have a clear impact on corporate profitability, which can be significantly affected by falling metal prices as a result of macroeconomic downturns or large supply releases. 3) Geopolitical risks, etc. Corporate investment projects are spread across various provinces of the country (Autonomous Communities) and Canada, Australia, etc.
In several countries, such as Bolivia, Papua New Guinea, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Peru, local governments that target companies, or raise taxes on mining companies, enact laws that are unfavourable to mining companies abroad, are likely to harm the interests of companies and have an impact on their profitability.
The research findings of the present report are presented independently and objectively and are responsible for the content and views of the present report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.