WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB77.22
WuXi AppTec reported impressive 1Q25 financial results. Revenue increased by
21.0% YoY to RMB9.65bn, with revenue from continuing operations rising by
(Previous TP
RMB94.05)
23.1% YoY to RMB9.39bn. Adjusted non-IFRS net profit surged by 40.0% YoY to
Up/Downside
27.7%
RMB2.68bn. Both revenue and net profit continued the guarterly improvement
Current Price
RMB60.45
trend seen throughout 2024, which further accelerated significantly in 1Q25. As
China Healthcare
of the end of 1Q25, the Company's backlog grew by 47.1% YoY to RMB52.33bn.
Despite ongoing macro uncertainties, mgmt. has reaffirmed its full-year guidance,
Jill WU, CFA
projecting a 10-15% YoY increase in revenue from continuing operations and
expansion in the adjusted non-IFRS net profit margin.
TIDES business gained momentum with strong growth. WuXi AppTec's
Benchen HUANG, CFA
TIDES business experienced strong growth 1Q25, with revenue soaring
187.6% YoY to RMB2.24bn, an acceleration from the 70.1% growth in 2024.
Stock Data
According to mgmt., the growth was driven by the ramp-up of new capacities
and contributions from oral GLP-1 programs. TIDES backlog more than
doubled, increasing by 105.5% YoY as of 1Q25, providing a solid foundation
for sustained growth. The Company remains on track to expand its peptide
capacity to over 100k liters by the end of 2025. Hence, Mgmt. continued to
Source: FactSet
expect TIDES revenue to grow more than 60% YoY in 2025.
Shareholding Structure
Early-stage business remained under pressure with signs of moderate
recovery. Revenue from Biology segment grew 8.2% YoY in 1Q25, marking a
second consecutive quarter of positive growth, indicating a recovery in client
demand for drug discovery services. In Chemistry segment, small-molecule drug
Share Performance
discovery revenue declined 7.1% YoY, an improvement from the 28.7% YoY
drop in 2024. Testing segment remained affected by pricing pressure. Lab testing
revenue slid 4.9% YoY (vs. -8.0% YoY in 2024), with safety assessment revenue
falling 7.8% YoY (vs. -13.0% YoY in 2024). Mgmt. noted that pricing appeared to
Source: FactSet
have reached a trough, although a meaningful recovery will still take time.
12-mth Price Performance
Strengthening shareholder returns amid market uncertainties. WuXi
AppTec's Board of Directors has proposed a series of shareholder return
initiatives, including maintaining a 30% annual cash dividend payout ratio,
issuing a one-time RMB1bn special dividend in 2025, introducing the interim
dividend plan in 2025, and repurchasing and cancelling RMB1bn A-shares
(announced on March 17). In addition, the Company announced a second
RMB1bn A-share repurchase and cancellation plan on April 8, which has now
Source: FactSet
commenced. Combined, the proposed dividends and share repurchase
programs total nearly RMB6bn, equivalent to 62% of 2024 attributable net
profit, underscoring WuXi AppTec's strong commitment to shareholder return.
Maintain BUY. Due to the macro uncertainties such as the US-China trade
war, we revise down forecasts and now expect revenue from continuing
operation business to grow by 13.3%/14.9%/15.9% YoY and adjusted non-
IFRS net income to grow by 9.7%/17.5%/15.9% YoY in 2025E/ 26E/ 27E,
respectively (previously: 14.4%/15.2%/16.3% and 11.7%/19.0%/+16.1%
YoY). We thus cut our DCF-based TP from RMB94.05 to RMB77.22 (WACC:
9.42%, terminal growth: 2.00%; both unchanged). Our estimates are higher
than Bloomberg consensus, reflecting our confidence in earnings resilience.
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Note: CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: CMBIGM estimates refer to continuing operations of WuXi AppTec.
Terminal growth rate
2.00%
WACC
9.42%
Cost of Equity
12.00%
Cost of Debt
4.00%
Equity Beta
Risk Free Rate
3.00%
Market Risk Premium
10.00%
30.00%
Target Debt to Asset ratio
Effective Corporate Tax Rate
15.00%
PV of terminal value (RMB mn)
112,708
Total PV (RMB mn)
204,986
Net debt (RMB mn)
-18,015
Equity value (RMB mn)
223,001
# of shares (mn)
2,888
Price per share (RMB per share)
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.