• Events: 12,077 million yuan (+23.02 per cent) in corporate revenue in the first three quarters of 2020;
The q3 cardboard sales have grown steadily, and the bone has grown rapidly. We measure that the company has sold about 1.44 billion square metres in the first three seasons, of which q3 has sold about 620 million square metres, compared to the same year.
North New Materials (000786), North New Materials: About 11.2%, entering three quarters, re-entry downstream accelerated, real estate investments resilient, corporate output rising steadily; at the end of the price, we measured the average price of the cast sheet for three quarters.
- 2020/08/20 Structural adjustment, due to the rise in the mid- and low-end Tarzan and Dream Card ratios.
One hundred thousand tons, up by more than 30% from the same year, and with the company’s positioning of the bone with the gypsum, the q3 ring ratio has been raised, and the cost has continued to improve over the period.
The increase in the company ' s Māori ratio, on the one hand, has led to an increase in the high Māori rate of water-resistant business due to the restructuring of the company ' s internal products, and, on the other hand, because of the continuing downside of the cost of paper protection, the company ' s Thai and paper holdings, with their own productive capacity and a fair share of waste; and, on the other hand, as the company ' s productive capacity continues to grow.
The scale effect is also highlighted, as production costs are declining and as a result of the rise in the high-end Māori rate of the Dragon and Tarzan brands; the net interest rate of q3 was 22.5 per cent, the ring was raised by 3.1 pcs, which benefited from good corporate management and the q3 period cost was only 9.42 per cent, and the ring was reduced by about 9.42 per cent.
1.73 pcs, with a decrease of about 1 pcct for sales and management costs, mainly due to the expansion of corporate sales and a decrease in fixed-cost amortization. Waterproofing operations are bright and creating new performance growth points: integrated company restructuring to buy Sichuan sheep,
The King's water and Henan's thumbs have successfully moved into the water-proof sector, forming the 10 major water-proof industry bases that cover the whole country. Investments in property and infrastructure have continued to recover over the last three quarters, water-proof operations have been sold, the overall output has increased steadily, with the result of a six-month drop in the price of asphalt.
This dividend, the waterproofing business, showed good performance; however, the amount of accounts receivable and notes at the end of the reporting period was $2.31 billion, an increase of approximately 337.7 per cent over the same period, the expansion of the waterproofing business entailed a certain level of receivable risk, and the q3 operating net cash flow was $885 million, the same amount.
26.8 per cent growth, we believe that the company is expected to make a quick and strong water-proof business based on its own financial and industrial advantages, while the water-proof sector is still developing well, while the Northcombing industry is expected to accelerate market integration and increase industrial concentration for the company.
After the holidays, downstream construction accelerated, the North moved into the early years, the South maintained a high temperature, the real estate investment was very resilient, and new work on property was effectively directed to and completed throughout the year, according to previous indicators such as glass.
Demand continues to support; we believe that the company's gypsum market currently accounts for about 60 per cent, while still verifying the firm's super-negotiating capacity, and if the cost rises in the future, the company has sufficient capacity to move downstream, the industry's leader is strong; waterproof operations are integrated into the good, and the company is well integrated.
(a) Profit projections and financial indicators: within the pacificsecurities, overall industry returns are more than 5 per cent above the overall market level;
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.