Event: 28 November, the company organized the launch and user conference of the 2023 dragon core products for the official launch of the new generation.
General processor core 3a6,000 and printer master core core 2p0500 products. 3a6,000 performances for the 10-generation coolness of the marker intel and printer master chip 2p0500 pounds released. The company is launching a new generation of dragon-based four nuclear processors 3a600 with four physics/eight logic cores.
The main frequency reaches 2.5 ghz, uses the fourth-generation 64-bit microstructure la664, supports multi-line technology (smt2), supports double-channel ddr4-3200 memory, contains integrated security credible modules, supports safe start-up and state secret algorithms (sm2, sm3, sm4), etc., and has achieved market mainstream performance against Intel's tenth-day cool.
To date, dozens of complete aircraft/odm companies have released 3a6,000 full machine products; follow-up companies will push 3b6000 and 3b7,000 desktop end products. In addition, out of the three Musketeers in the core, the server end 3c6,000 is currently designed and will be delivered to streaming units in the near future; and the notebook end 2k3,000 is ready.
End design. The company’s product follow-up performance is expected as the credit market warms up. Meanwhile, printer master core core core 2p0500 is also released today. This is the country’s first printer based on an autonomous command system, master chip, with an astral-sized nuclear structure that integrates multiple functions such as ddr3 memory, gmac, otg, etc.
The module, with printing data reception, parsing and processing, printing engine control, scanning time sequence control, motor control, etc., provides a single chip to meet a variety of applications such as printing, scanning, copying, etc. 2p0500 will be product-based by the end of 23 years and will be matched with the printing brands of the Great Wall, Seoul and other countries.
• Short-term pressure on performance and implementation of the "one-size-fits-all" approach can be achieved in the future. By 23 q3, the company had achieved a revenue of 130 million dollars, a decline of 40.0 per cent over the same period. The main areas of credit creation continued to fall, resulting in a high yield of 70 million dollars, a decline of 50.7 per cent over the same period.
This is due to a high share of small amortization; a Māori rate of 11.7 per cent, a decline of 9.8 pp from the same year. 3) The solution achieved revenues of $190 million, an increase of 54.9 per cent from the same year, mainly due to a significant increase in server (board card) sales, which began to produce small quantities in q3; and a Māori rate of 22.2 per cent, a decline of 15.1 per cent from the same year.
Together, while continuing to improve the generic cpu value for money and improve the ecology of the dragon-structured software, tailoring specific chips and solutions to meet specific application needs to improve competitiveness in open markets.
Assumption 2: an information-based chip. The sales of corporate information-based chips have declined as a result of the less than expected implementation of the information-based market policy. So far, the company's main product is 3a5,000; in November 23, the company launched a new generation of generic processors.
3a6,000, more competitive in performance and value, and with the gradual recovery of 3a6,000 official production in 24 years and the credit market, the company's information-based chip is expected to recover. We expect the information-based chip orders to grow at a speed of 23-25 years.
The cloud terminal card, as one of the company's priority directions, is expected to inject growth into the company, and considering the scope of the business, we have chosen the Sealight Information, the Wuki-u as a comparable company: because the company is more affected by the external environment and weak industry demand, and the profitability performance is more volatile, we use the ps valuation method to make comparable company estimates.
Value. Two companies averaged 31 times the number of ps in 2024. Since their creation, the company has been developing its own path, working to create autonomous ecological systems independent of the Wirtel and aa ecology, introducing an autonomous command system, loongarch, and mastering core technologies for processing nuclear and ip nuclear designs, and has achieved a high level of core technology in the field of operating systems and basic software.
Major innovation. In 24 years, the company's 3a6,000 will be officially produced, and 3c6,000 and 2k3,000 are expected to be rolled out and added to the company. Taking into account the company's adherence to the "one-sided combination" approach, we give the company 50, while continuously increasing the generic cpu value ratio, perfecting the software product, tailoring the special chip and solution to specific application needs, and opening the market to competition.
Product R & D is at a slower pace than expected and the credit market is not restored as expected, and there will be no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.