Autonomously controlled & continuously upgraded performance: 28 November 2023, release of 2023 core products at the National Conference Centre.
The conference was launched under the theme “Stap water in the middle” and launched a new generation of generic processors, 3a6000 pounds of core, 2p0500 pounds of core core product from the printing machine, and an external release of the core processor's nuclear ip and its autonomous command system, i.e., the autonomous command system, the loongarch (longarch structure): the company was founded on March 05, 2008.
The main business consists of the development, sale and servicing of processors and supporting chips, which are developed by the company and are equipped with chips such as the Dragonheart 1, Dragonheart 2, Dragonheart 3, three series processors, and bridge chips. The Dragonheart 1 series is a low-power, low-cost, specially embedded soc or mcu processor, usually integrated into a 32-bit low-power processor.
(b) The Lodge 2 series is a low-power generic processor designed using a single chip soc, usually integrated into 1-4-bit low-power processor nuclear, with applications oriented towards industrial control and terminals such as network equipment, industry terminals, etc.
Intelligent manufacturing, etc.; Dragonheart series 3 is a high-performance generic processor, usually integrated into four or more high-performance processor cores, used in combination with bridges, and applied to areas of informatization such as desktops and servers. For many years, the company has been pursuing autonomous research and development paths, resulting in research and development of processors and accompanied chips and systems software.
In 2020, with more than a decade of autonomous R & D and market-based operations, and in conditions where there is sufficient technology and experience in processor R & D, R & D of basic software, and the development of ecological systems, the China Bureau has introduced an autonomous command system (Longarch).
The intellectual property assessment of the Chinese Institute for the Development of Electronic Information Industries, an authoritative third-party body, found that the loongarch command system was designed for different command systems, such as alpha, arm, mips, power, rsc-v, and x86. The loongarch command system incorporated the latest results from the evolution of the modern command system and operated more efficiently.
The same source code is translated into loongarch comparison to mips previously supported by the core, and the number of dynamic execution commands can be reduced by an average of 10-20% for Sun Peaks.
At the opening of the National Conference Center, the theme of the conference was "Stap Water to the Middle", and the theme of the conference was "Stap Water to the Middle."
A new generation of generic processor cores, 3a6,000, printer master core core core, 2p0500 pounds of work, and an authorization plan for the core processor's nuclear ip and core autonomous command system.
The main frequency reaches 2.5 ghz, integrates four newly developed high-performance la664 processor cores, supports simultaneous multi-line technology (smt2) and the full chip has eight logical cores. Integrator security credible modules provide safe start-up program and state secret (sm2, sm3, sm4).
As a result of the Xersi laboratory tests, the core of 3a6,000 at the 2.5ghz frequency reached 43.1/54.6 points for speccpu2006base single routing/floating points and 115.40 points for multi-process fix/floating points; and 5.05/7.78 points for specppu2017base single line (rate1) /floating points.
The range multiline (speed) fix/floating point value reached 6.66/18.1 points, the multi-process (rate8) fix/floating point value reached 21.3/21.0 points, the stream actual bandwidth exceeded 42gb/s, and the unixbench actual score exceeded 7,400 points.
The 10th Generation Cool Wise 4 nuclear processor is comparable. Dragon core 3a6,000 is compatible with the dragon structure processing software 3a5,000. Operating systems such as Homnitros, Penn, etc., provide full support for the 3a6,000 new feature of the core on a continuous basis. Dragon core 3a6,000 perfects support for hard-cooperative binary translations and can be enhanced.
Binary translation efficiency, running more types of cross-platform applications to meet a variety of large and complex desktop applications. Dragon core 2p0500 is a master soc chip for single/multifunctional printers. The chip uses a large hesitural, small nuclear structure, integrated with multiple functional modules such as ddr3 memory, gmac, otg, etc., with print data reception, etc.
Parsing and processing, printing engine control, scanning time sequence control, data scanning, image processing, motor control, etc. A single chip can satisfy a variety of typical applications such as printing, scanning, copying, etc.
The entire plant works together to complete a variety of applications, such as printing, scanning, copying, etc., double. Given the company ' s introduction of cpu based on a self-controlled structure, the release of new products and continuous upgrading of performance, product number 1, and the fact that the domestic industrial chip market is now dominated mainly by overseas manufacturers, national production autonomy has a larger market.
2. Given that information security remains the central logic driving autonomous control, and that future markets are expected to recover, with the addition of new corporate products, and that we are expected to select the domestically marketed design firm, i.e., Sealight Information, as a comparable company, including the Sealight Generic Processor, as a result of the impact of end demand, such as the stagnation of e-government markets.
(cpu) and the sea light association processor (dcu); Since its inception, typhoon wiki-u has focused on research and development and technological innovation for artificial intelligence chip products;
The Department has launched cpu, based on an autonomous control structure, with new products released and continuously upgraded performance, and the target markets in which the products are located have a large market space, covering for the first time, with additional -b-advices.