In recent days, a new generation of common processor cores, 3a6,000, printer master control chips, has been released.
The core is the lead in the country's autonomous cpu, which is run by 2p0500 cores, which are publicly released for the development, sale and appliance of the core processor's nuclear ip and its autonomous command system architecture.
The company continuously upgrades its product series and continuously upgrades its product performance.
Two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, 2p0500 products, mainly for desktop processors and printers, are alternative state-of-the-art construction in the IT field, for network security, office and business information, etc.
There is full market cooperation with partners in areas such as industrial control and property networking, with a series of products using a loongarch structure for the 3a6,000 core processor, with a main frequency of 2.5 ghz and a total of 4
In the transport, finance, telecommunications, education and other industries, the latest developed high-performance la664 processor core has been acquired, supported by multiple-twice technology (smt2) with a total of eight logical cores. Integrated security credible modules provide a safe start-up program and national secrets (sm2, sm3, etc.)
In the next three to six months, major events alerts: sm4 etc.) application support. According to the results of the Xasi Laboratory of the Chinese Institute for Standardization of Electronic Technology, the total performance of the 3a6,000 core processor and the 10th Generation Cool Wise Four, which was listed by Intel in 2020.
More than 50 partners at the launch, including computers, space seventy-six, and open space, have also published desktop computers, notebooks, etc. based on the core of 3a6,000.
2) The core 2p0500 is a master soc chip for single/multi-function printers. The chip is used in a hesitant-sized nuclear structure that integrates multiple functional modules such as ddr3 memory, gmac, otg, etc. with printing data reception, resolution and processing functions, so that a single chip meets a variety of typical applications;
In addition, the company's 3c6,000 server-oriented and 2k3,000 mobile desktop terminals are being developed to be rolled out gradually to the market, and the company's whole-line product series is expected to continue to be upgraded and gradually move towards an open market.
We believe that companies are constantly upgrading their product performance to fill the gap with overseas products, and that the future is expected to move from the area of credit creation to opening up markets and opening up greater development space;
The company has been working to build autonomous ecosystems, but the links are still weak. In order to work with partners to build them, the company has opened up the core of cpu and the system of instructions to partners to support them.
Partner to develop the soc chip product based on the core core of cpu and the dragon structure command system. By opening the command system to authorization, 10 companies signed a cooperation agreement with the Dragon core Central Section at the launch meeting, using the dragon-based Cpu nuclear design super-calculating chip, dedicated control chip, storage chip, etc.
Soc Chips. By mandating the architecture to work with partners, the company is expected to make up for the ecological gap as soon as possible. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company, as the backbone of the national chip, has been working on the development of the loongarch architecture and the development of autonomous ecosystems, and the company is constantly upgrading its product system, expanding its ecological partners,
Open architecture mandates, coupled with improved product performance and eco-improvement, are expected to continue to improve the competitiveness of good companies in the long run. But in 2023, we are in a period of credit-creation, short-term pressure on company performance, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Dragon kernel Central (688047): Production performance continues to improve, and open up to the building of ecology, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Dragon-Crystal (688047): product performance continues to improve, open authorization for ecological development takes place in Chang Young-ja.
An analysis of your own research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.