A steady increase in performance, with high tolerance mlcc expected to continue with the South-West Securities Institute event: the company published a quarterly report in 2025, generating operating income of $1.83 billion, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 530 million yuan, an increase of 23.0 per cent over the same period. Q1 performance is complex and profit levels are being repaired further. 1) At the end of the round: the company ' s 25q1 operating income increased by about 17.2 per cent over the same period, sustaining a steady growth trend, benefiting mainly from the recovery of downstream industry demand,
(ii) Profits end: net profits from corporate return increased by 23.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to higher downstream demand and improved crop activity rates; corporate profitability levels were further repaired, the Māori ratio was growing in abundance in the mlcc product matrix and the volume of high-volume products. Companies continued to break through mlcc production.
At the same time, the core competitiveness of the company’s products has improved significantly, and the certification, import and import of these products have progressed well, with small-sized products breaking through, bulk delivery and so on.
The client’s share is climbing up the slope. The company’s new high-capacity mlcc output continues to fall, and the company’s mlcc business is expected to rise in volume terms as the high-capacity capacity continues to be released and national production becomes more competitive in replacement of national production.
The Department’s product structure is optimized, production capacity and crop productivity are high, and the company’s mlcc business is expected to continue its high growth and traditional business booms, with new business progress successfully and gradually contributing to a new increase. The company’s traditional ceramic core-pluging industry has been ranked first, with company core-pluging and related products benefiting from the global data centre build-up in 2024.
By self-researching, companies break the technological monopoly of overseas enterprises in the area of ceramic envelopes, along with downstream crystallization needs repair, national production substitution trends, and the prospect of faster import of company products into the market. Moreover, companies continue to promote solid oxide fuel cells (sofc) as their representatives.
A series of new product innovations have been developed to promote industrial transformation, with a good pace of business development such as nitro-aluminium porcelain, fuel power, diaphragm panels, etc. Performance contributions are expected to be scaled up.
There is still much room for expansion of national production substitution; companies as platform-based electronic ceramics have a clear competitive advantage in industrial chain layout, cost and price: companies have made better than expected advances in high-conforming products and are expected to hold 1 company as a leading domestic business in the field of electronic ceramics.
The tri-ring group, which was founded in 1970 as the Tianzhou Radio Ceramic Plant, was successfully placed on the market in 2014. The company combines materials, products, equipment development and manufacturing, and is one of the country’s largest sites for the production of advanced technological ceramics and electronic components.
The annual accumulation of technology in the field of electronic ceramics has become a leading enterprise in the development and production of elemental instruments in the national area of ceramics.
With more than 50 years of accumulated technology and experience, the company has succeeded in breaking through a number of core e-ceramic technologies, making it possible to move up and down the industrial chain, with absolute advantages in terms of the cost of patented technology and products. At the raw material chain, the company has mastered key technologies, such as ceramic powder matching, to achieve slurry, formation, burning.
In the downstream product chain, the company actively expands the product boundary, using ceramic materials as its basis, and develops and produces a variety of products, such as fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic envelopes, porcelain panels, mlcc, ceramic appearances, etc.
New growth dynamics. At present, products such as company fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic base panels, electrical resists, etc., are sold in the front line of the whole world, with major products covering a wide range of areas such as optical communications, electronics, electrics, machinery, energy conservation and environmental protection, and new energy sources.
Downstream demand is gradually improving, and performance is returning to a robust growth path. Reviewing companies’ past performance: 1) At the end of the harvest: the public sector, coupled with the shift of the millcc industry from a high profile to excess supply, moved the industry to the stocking phase.
Downstream demand slowed down, adding to the impact of downstream producers going to stock, leading to a 17.2% decline in corporate principal revenues over the same period, and corporate income recovered to growth in 2023 as downstream demand warmed back and mlcc was released quickly. In 2024, according to company quarterly reports in 2025, the company continued its steady growth momentum and achieved operating revenues of $1.83 billion.
The increase of 17.2% over the same year; the net return to the mother is 530 million yuan, an increase of 23.0% over the same year, mainly as a result of higher downstream demand, the continued release of high-capacity mlcc, which led to a rapid growth in electronic component material operations. In 2023 and earlier, the company’s main business was divided into several large sections of electronic component materials, optical communications components, semiconductor components, connectors and other operations.
As a result of the expansion of mlcc and the continuous release of production capacity, the share of electronic components and materials in the business has increased significantly, which has accelerated the growth of the business income of the company, as well as the share of other business segments. In the 2024 annual report, the company changed the disclosure calibre of the main business and merged some of the business sections. The adjusted revenue of electronics, telecommunications and materials in the business has been about 84%.
The profit level is constantly being repaired and cost-side controls have been effective. Reviewing corporate profit margins: corporate profitability is high horizontally compared to comparable companies in mainland China, Taiwan and Japan, and corporate Māori rates and net interest rates are clearly ahead of the curve.
This is mainly due to the company ' s vertical depth integration in the electronic ceramics industry chain, with self-research, home-made, self-supply of ceramic powders, slenders, and related component-making facilities. In 2022, it was affected by de-stocking, product price reductions.
Increasing R & D inputs on a continuous basis, with significant efficiency gains. At the cost end, the cost of company sales remained largely at a low of 1 to 2 per cent, with sales at 1.1 per cent in 2024, a decrease of 0.2 pp compared to the same period; the management cost rate was narrower, assuming that 4: Ceramic Encapsulation Base Operations: assuming an increase in the price of pkg in 2025-2027, the company ' s share in the market
The fast-growing mlcc business is a more dynamic track in the passive component area, with a wide range of alternatives to national production, which can be expanded: companies have a clear competitive advantage in terms of industrial chain layout, costs and prices as platform-based e-ceramic enterprises: the public sector’s high-performing product portfolio is moving ahead better than expected, and the ratio is expected to increase continuously, combining the company’s valuation of the industry’s up-to-date cycle in previous years.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.