The pig-breeding plant has a clear target, and the pig's chicken resonance has reached Wenz's share (300498.sz) on 29/04/04/04/2022.
• The company has a clear target for pig-breeding, and the pig-kids resonance, buy-in, know that the company will gradually move to the performance realization phase and maintain a “buy-in” rating. • The company’s costs of pig-breeding are still better cost-restricted during winter disturbances
In March, the company had a combined cost of farming of just under $18 per kilogram, with a steady downward trend in the ring over 2021q4. Key production indicators indicate that the company spent around $430 per head in March, with a meat ratio of about 2.8 per cent, and Physics about 20 per cent.
The company’s combined cost of pig production remains high, and it is expected that 2022q2 will fall further as the impact of the disease diminishes, as the feed formulas decrease, and the company’s combined cost of pig production will decrease further. The company anticipates that the combined cost of commodity pig production will fall below $17/kg in 2022.
• 2022q1 company has a steady price of meat and chicken resonance to the point where the meat and poultry production plate: against the background of high supply and price repression, the company's q1 poultry plate is controlled/kg, influenced by the cost of feed prices, and the company's q1 yellow feathered chicken fully cost ring is on average as compared to 2021
Corporate Information Update - Corporate Capital Reserve Increases Full Cost About 0.4/kg to 13.4/kg with farming profits of about $1/only. Projected bottom-of-cycle resistance as pigs are abundant.
In addition, the company actively promotes downstream poultry slaughtering and developing, prefabricated vegetable products are thin, and the company update report-culture business continues.
In the context of recurring epidemics, the downstream channels and crowd interfaces are gradually accelerated, with a high rate of increase and sales as a percentage of the increase. Subtract efficiency gains, production indicators fast out of the valley - Corporate Information Update - companies continue to drop.