Farming costs have been falling steadily, with the prospect of rapid growth in the number of live pigs out of the field and the company ' s loss of $13.4 billion in 2021, mainly due to a sharp fall in the prices of raw pigs and feed raw materials in 2021.
The cost of pig farming is high, and there is a deep loss in the company’s pig-breeding business. 38.5% more pigs were born in 2021, and the cost of the pig-breeding business was flatly reduced.
RMB/kg; in terms of farm costs, the company spent $20.6/kg on pork farming in 2021, a decrease of 11.6 per cent compared to 2020, resulting in the low book value of pigs due to the high cost of extra-planting pigs in 2021 and the low use of pigs due to the disease.
• Reconstructing biosafety control systems and continuously optimizing pig-planting structures.
In the second half of 2021, the company registered a steady increase to 85 per cent.
Right. The company, taking into account the state of the pig cycle and the forecast of future pig prices, is steady as per the established production plan, has made progress in the phase-out of induced and inefficient hogs, continues to optimize the pig-planting structure, the quality of the pig-planting is steadily rising, and by the end of 2021, the size of the high-quality hog-rich stock was kept at between 100 and 1.1 million.
1. Winch shares (300498) In-depth report: A good basis for follow-up production of high-quality pig seedlings with a high fertility rate, 2021q3 initiative to resume pig-bearing operations at double cost
Thus, the average number of live births in the company pig farm has remained between 10.1 and 10.3, with the high quality of the pig growing and the steady increase in its reproductive performance and production performance, the cost of pig seedlings is expected to decline gradually.
• In 2021, the chickens sold 1.1 billion feathers, the best in the world, the best in the years, the drops in the six-monthly report, the production of pigs and pigs, the constant evaluation of the Wen stocks (300.498): q4
The company's production techniques and management of the chickens, the production of which has remained stable at a high level, and the disease prevention and control efforts have been better than the pigs' costs have dropped significantly, and the 2022 exits are expected.
The price impact of the price increases in the feed feed feed feed by the formula, which dropped by 0.15 per cent in the annual meat ratio, the total cost of chicken breeding fell to $6.5 per kilogram, and the cost of farming, in the context of the high price of raw materials, still exists.
The number of hog-rich logs fell by 6.5 per cent from 456.4 million at the end of June last year to 42.68 million at the end of February this year; according to the Ministry of Agriculture, the number of hog-rich logs fell by 0.5 per cent in February this year, and is still in declining lanes; prices for pig-bearing in March continued to be low, and we expect that the number of hogs will grow in March.
The data will continue to go down. The prices of piglets have soared in recent days, and the active growth of the owner of Bland has been increasing, and we have maintained a 24.3 per cent increase in the same rate of updates, with chicken prices or downlines in 2023.
In 2021, the Yellow Feathers industry suffered an overall loss, the industry continued to lose its capacity, and the price of the Yellow Feathers in 2022 was expected to be won. The company adjusted the pig system to create a large group of pigs, and the pig production results were fully achieved using information on legal compliance. The data and information used in this report were produced independently and objectively from the public information available in the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.