:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
13.3%, with a loss of 3,763 million yuan and a loss of 3,598 million yuan after deduction. The company’s performance at 2022q1 pig production was 92% higher than in the same year, with a combined cost of about $18/kg for pig operations.
Since 2021q3, the number of live births in the company ' s pig farm has remained at 10.1 to 10.1 per cent.
10.3 With the improvement in the quality of pig growing, the reproductive performance and productivity of pig growing have steadily improved, and the cost of pig seedlings has gradually decreased. 2022q1 has produced 402.4 million pigs, a 92 per cent increase over the same period;
The losses are close to $1 billion, amounting to stock impairments and not to the loss of plant assets. 2022q1 chickens have increased by the same amount, and the poultry business has made a small profit. The company has seized chicken production technology and management, maintaining a high level of stability in production, and the disease prevention and control is more effective than it is.
Peer, the listing rate of chickens in 2021 was 94.75 per cent, up from an all-time high; the company optimized the fabric against the price increase in feed raw materials, with annual meat falling by 0.15 per cent compared to the same year, and the total cost of chicken breeding falling to $6.5 per pound. The cost of farming is still available against a backdrop of high raw material prices.
A strong competitive advantage. 2022q1 company chickens out of 227 million feathers, a slight increase of 0.1 per cent over the same year; monthlyly, the company chickens sold 900 million feathers, 56 million feathers, 80 million feathers, meat fell six months late, and pig farming business continued.
In June of last year, the point of production in the pig-breeding industry appeared: according to the Bureau of Statistics, the country's stock of pigs is expected to fall significantly from 456.4 million at the end of June last year to 42.6 million at the end of February this year.
It's still in a downward path; the price of a pig in March continues to be low, and we expect that data will continue to go down in March. The price of a pig has soared in recent days, the propensity of the owner of Blank has recovered, we keep the cost down steadily, and we expect the pig out fast.
The replacement rate increased by 24.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with chicken prices or downs in 2023.
The company has adapted the pig-planting system to create a large group of pigs, and the pig-planting performance has been fully achieved by using legally compliant information, producing the report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from market information. I do not guarantee any change in the accuracy or completeness of the information or recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.