Winch stock (300498) Agro-forestry fishing, yellow chickens or warm-up, pig-breathing stubble, southwest securities research and development centre.
Summary of performance: Business income achieved by the company in the first quarter of 2022 was $14.59 billion, a 13.3 per cent decrease in the same year; net profit earned by the mother was $37.76 billion, a 792.4 per cent decrease in the same year; net profit earned by the poor parent was $3.6 billion, a year-on-year rating: the price of a pig was lower in the company ' s first quarter as the profit fell.
As a result of the continuing losses in the sector, the company increased by 91.9 per cent from a total of 4,024,000 pigs a quarter. The sales revenue was $6.15 billion, a 19 per cent decrease from the same year, while the sales of commercial chickens were 230 million feathers a quarter, and the current asset write-off was largely prepared for $1 billion, mainly in preparation for a fall in the stock of boars and an increase in the bill.
Quarterly costs, if the impact factor is excluded, are at a loss of 2.76 billion yuan per quarter. Quantified growth in yellow Queens has been achieved. According to the Chinese Livestock Association, 40,472,000 units were kept in late 2021 for the production of yellow Queens and their parents, a 6% decrease in comparison, and the current Queens are now at a relatively low price for nearly four years.
There is some support for a general loss in the 21st year of yellow rooster farming, the start of the 21st quarter of 21 years of industrial off-productivity, and, in July 2020, the authorities indicated that trading and slaughtering of live poultry would be restricted, the concentration of live poultry would be encouraged where conditions existed, the market for live poultry would be phased out, and the cost of feed would be high.
The factors are the accelerated exit from the market, the steady expansion of the size of the market, and the rising market occupancy rate. In 2021, the public market sold 1,001 million chickens (with chickens, fresh products and cooked meals), accounting for about 11% of the total number of yellow and white chickens in the country, ranking first among the companies listed in the same industry.
The chicken breeder company, which has established an industry-wide, well-structured breeding base for yellow feathers, is one of the largest producers of high-quality chicken genetic resources in the country. For live poultry trading and movement restrictions, the company continues to push for an upgrading of the poultry industry, increased slaughtering and the development of prefabricated vegetables, sold by the company in 21 years.
With 150 million fresh chickens sold, an increase of 18.33 per cent over the same year, the company ' s cumulatively completed chicken slaughter orders produced 2.85 million units per year, selling a total of 16.889 tons of prefabricated vegetable products throughout the year, and the company ' s profitability is gradually being repaired and its future performance is expected to increase.
Pig farming has had a huge impact, with prices reaching $41/kg in November 2019, a record high. Since then, prices have been falling steadily since 2021, reaching $11/kg in October, and more recently in 14/kg. In the medium term, pork supplies are guaranteed, and prices will remain low, from which prices will remain low.
From the point of view of being able to grow a pig, it is clear that the process of degenerativeization is still taking time. And in the phase-out, production will be prioritized for graduation, which will result in structural adjustments, taking into account the current development of productivity indicators such as psy, which can grow a pig.
There are three aspects of the structure, the scale and the cost of farming: affected by the African swine plague, the company's phase-out department, the virus-threatening sows, and the model of fertilizer marketing for extra-supplier pigs, which in 2020 showed a debt-burdened biological asset of $5.19 billion, a 117-fold increase in the volume of outsourcing.
The company’s ability to prevent the disease has increased, and its efficiency has increased, with 21 years of high-quality pig populations of between 1 million and 1.1 million, and its structure has been optimized to stop buying piglets in May 2021. In the first instance, the company’s presence has gradually recovered from non-pest effects, and after the third quarter of 21 years, the company’s pigs have grown up to produce themselves.
At the end of the farm price, the company was fully costd for the purchase of piglets, the cost of vaccinations, etc., and then managed to gradually decrease, add up column growth, and increase profit elasticity.
In the long run (2022-02-25) companies take advantage of industry trends, multi-product growth, and further increase market rates. Assumption 1: based on current pig prices, combined with our judgement on the pig cycle and the company’s ability to make a profit
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.