The company reviews the agro-forestry and fish industry, the pig-breeding and chicken-breeding industries, new developments in the new cycle model, the Winch shares (300498.sz)
The chicken business was profitable, the pig-breeding business lost depth in 2021, the company recovered Xie Chi Yu, and the farm-breeding business suffered depth losses.
The Division amortized the equity incentive cost of $495 million; the savings on expendable biological assets and productive biological assets of the stockmarks were set at approximately $2 billion, of which the pigs were reduced by $1,907 million; and it was safe for the company to suspend the production of new pig farms and actively expand its access to financing.
The sales target was around 18 million head, with the combined cost target controlled at $16-17/kg. 1,001 million chickens, or + 4.8 per cent, accounted for about 11 per cent of the country ' s total yellow and white chickens. Corporate chicken sales averaged $13.2/kg, or 13.5 per cent; and Māori sales were 9 per cent, or the same.
+8.62 pct. The target for 22 years is about +5% for company chicken sales. The cost of company chicken farming has increased as a result of the price of raw material for feed; but it has benefited from sales prices that have been maintained for many months in a row at a historically high level, with the chicken performing well.
The proxy column shows a downward trend, with a total of 2,558,600 and 2,297.226 million at the end of the 21-year period. Investment recommends that companies focus on pig-breeding and chicken-breeding as the core of the dual industry, and with the upward cycle, the stacking column continues to grow, and the company may be able to perform. Considering the 22-year pig cycle or approach.
At the up-front stage, there has been a trend towards improved profitability, as well as higher yellow chicken price shocks that maintain better profitability1 and risks of animal disease and natural disasters;2 and risks of raw material supply and price volatility:
3. Risks of price fluctuations in pig prices: 4, risk of policy change, etc. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Experiences, in-depth studies of pig cycles, sugar cycles, etc., are good at industrial analysis and have solid stock-selection capabilities.