The continuing positive performance has been reported, and the dynamism of profitability is evident in China Connect (600050.sh) Investment rating: increase (maintenance)
• Semi-annual performance has remained positive, a steady upturn in arpu value has exceeded expectations, and a “uptake” rating has been maintained. The corporate announcement of 12 August 2020, the semi-annual performance report for 2020, achieved a net return to the mother by h1 in 2020 = 3,344 million yuan, an increase of 10.89 per cent; net return profit after deduction is 3,541 million yuan, an increase of 25.50 per cent.
The profits are $1.906 billion, an increase of 52.40%. We are looking forward to the company’s continued diversification to promote micro-entity activity, and to working with leading Internet companies to deepen business-level cooperation to achieve long-term healthy growth in the Internetization of products. In the context of the 5g share-building rapid advance, the company’s q2 mobile arpu is surging.
During the period, the company ' s mobile business of 2020h1 was valued at $40.9, an increase of 0.1 yuan, and with the accelerated growth of users in the second half of the year, the company ' s performance throughout the year was expected to continue the positive development of its semi-annual performance in 2020.
In the first half of the year, the company built about 150,000 new and shared 5g base stations with Chinese telecommunications, completing 60% of the company’s annual plan, using 5g base stations to reach 210,000 stations and achieving continuous coverage in more than 50 priority cities, of which about 100,000 were built by the company itself, and 5g base stations were built at a faster rate than expected.
To ensure that the four quarters reach commercial levels. By co-building, the pace, coverage, rate of construction of 5g is doubled, the size, coverage, quality of the 5g network is almost equal to that of the lead operator, and connectivity and telecommunications have saved more than 40 billion yuan in investment capital. With the accelerated construction of 5g, industrial goods networking, intelligent cities, medical care, etc.
In the areas of health, transport logistics, new media, energy, mines, etc., a number of 5g lighthouses have been created for 5g. The company's first coverage report - 5g - recasting the prices of the industry has been achieved, and the market prospects for the application of the market are considerable. The company has now signed 92 5g with the vertical sector.
Value distribution, China-China Connected China-Value Change - 2020.5.4 Business contracts, in general, are expected to outperform business performance in the future as the application of 5g and further integration with Internet companies have developed, leading to Internetization of the company ' s beneficial business.
• Catalysts: 5g co-build-sharing acceleration; 5g application increases 2b performance growth; corporate performance increases. According to the company's recent financial reports, H1 achieved a net return of 3.344 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 10.89 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 3,541 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
The value of mobile operations arpu is 40.9 yuan, an increase of 0.1 yuan in the same year, and with the accelerated growth of 5 g users in the second half of the year, the performance of the Department is expected to continue with the higher expectations of its semi-annual performance in 2020. While netting operations have declined, overall operating income is on the rise, reaching 60.6 billion yuan in 2020h, an increase of 14% in the same year.
The company’s pursuit of digital transformation opportunities will lead to a scaling-up. In 2020, the cost of other business and management costs for the company as a whole rose by 36%, mainly from technology support spending and the cost of its services to $4.89 billion and $6.12 billion, respectively, and from $4.05 billion to $3.82 billion for management costs and others, and industry Internet revenues.
An increase of 6 billion yuan and an increase of 39 per cent over the same period in the revenue from its services exceeded the corresponding cost increase.2 The results of corporate and telecommunications-sharing cooperation show that China ' s telecommunications and telecommunications will achieve a target of 5g coverage of all local cities in the country in 2020, with a network doubling its size.
In 2019, China Connect entered into a cooperation agreement with China Telecommunications to build a 5-g-sharing network, to build a 5-g-access network throughout the country, to share the benefits of complementarities and site-sharing, and to improve network speed and supply-side efficiency.
China Telecom, China Connect, and China Connect have launched a number of 5g-related projects for bidding or implementation. China Telecom and China United have published the results of the joint collection of new 5gsa construction wireless major equipment in 2020, which will lead the industry in the selection of suppliers.
A large number of projects such as collection, construction, etc. have successfully started bidding or are in the implementation phase, and China Telecom-China 5g is on track to meet annual targets.
China Connect seizes the opportunity to adapt its mobile business development strategy to ensure higher quality and differentiated marketing. The company uses full enabling 5g, publishes the 5g brand logo “5gn” and the theme slogan “For the future”, deploys the “7+33+n” 5g network plan, and provides continuous coverage in seven cities in the north, far north, Nanjing, Hangzhou, and Yuan.
Networking for accurate online marketing dissemination, with an online focus on Internet operations and industry applications, and raising the corporate profile: promising new opportunities for companies to achieve a new round of high growth.
Companies continue to deepen their cooperation with strategic investors. Through strong alliances with large firms, complementary strengths, and innovative models of cooperation, they are now working in depth with Aliun, Tantseng, Kyundong, Pekdu, etc. to advance 5g business development.
Power to inject energy into the long-term sustainable development of enterprises by building multilateral synergies. Figure 8: Firms continue to deepen their cooperation, piloting 5g sector applications. 5g Trade friction between Central America and the United States is less than expected: trade friction between China and the United States is more uncertain.
The intensification of friction, on the one hand, affects downstream producers, and, on the other hand, upstream raw materials may be restricted, with a greater impact on the manufacture and sale of company-related products. China’s mobile telecommunications combined with China’s 700m base station was built this month, increasing the density of base station coverage and reducing construction.
Ben, the impact on the company is greater and may result in the company not making as much profit as expected.