China Connect (600050) Communications stopped falling back and corporate innovation accelerated upgrading at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
:: Summary of performance: the company ' s operating income in the first half of 2020 was $133.3 billion, an increase of 4 per cent in the same year, and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was $3.3 billion, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the same year; the company ' s growth rate was ahead of the industry and its profitability continued to optimize.
133.3 billion yuan, 4% more than the industry average, leading the development process. Cost effectiveness is continuously optimized, and profitability is further enhanced. Total profits amount to 9.7 billion yuan yuan, and net profits are returned to the mother. Companies are actively promoting the digital transformation of their corporate clients.
Companies focus on opportunities, focus on smart cities, digital governments, smart medicine, and the industrial Internet in key areas, and actively take advantage of beach layouts. Companies are also accelerating autonomous capacity-building and the promotion of self-researching products, and are making every effort to push their clients to complete the numbers.
• The company deepens transformational innovation and mobile business growth. This year, the company deepens transformational innovation and enhances differentiation.
With regard to mobile operations, since the second half of last year, companies have adapted their business strategies and deepened their new operations, focusing on the quality and value of user development. Arpu values have recovered steadily since this year.
q2 mobile users, arpu and mobile main camp, have both stopped falling back in June and July of this year. The same year-on-year recovery was 2.8% lower in the first half of the year, a significant reduction compared to last year: the total number of mobile check-out users reached 310 million: the number of mobile users aarpu has risen by the same time.
With the acceleration of the construction of 5g, mobile operations will increase further. Yuan. The net return profit over the next three years will reach a combined growth rate of 20.8%. Given the gradual landing of the company’s 5g orders in the second half of the year, the industry climate will be added to the rapid growth of the construction catalytic business of the 5g.
Guy, give a "hold" rating. 1 company is a world-class telecommunications network service provider.
Services, a company that is committed to becoming a pioneer in the information age of client trust, enhances its core competitiveness by constantly improving the quality of its products and services. At the same time, in keeping with the advent of the five-g era, firms continue to explore a number of core technological areas, such as networking, cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, in order to deepen their science, technology, innovation, and enabling industries.
In terms of revenue structure, the company’s main business is secure broadband, mobile operations, network operations, and industrial Internet operations, where fixed broadband accounts for less and less of the company’s revenue, driving a robust growth in mobile operations as the 5g penetration rate rises. And corporate innovation is growing very rapidly, and is a major driver of improved corporate performance.
Income rose by 133.3 billion yuan, up 4 per cent from the same year, to an average of 3.2 per cent from the same industry, leading the development process. Cost effectiveness continued to be optimized, and profitability increased further. Total profits amounted to 9.7 billion yuan from the mother to 3.3 billion yuan from the mother, an increase of 10.9 per cent from the same period, and ebitda to 49.4 billion yuan from the same year.
Figure 1: Broadband, data and income from Internet use and other Internet applications (millions of yuan)
At the same time, the company’s overall profitability has been rising year by year in recent years, with net return profits rising from 3.47 billion yuan in 2015 to 4.98 billion yuan in 2019, and net corporate profits falling sharply in 2016 as a result of communications in 4g.
China's move to China has led to a number of preferential policies, which took advantage of the 4g era, and increased industrial competition has led to a rapid increase in the company's annual profitability, thanks to which 1) companies actively promote innovative Internet-based operations, based on segmentation of market demand, and optimized the introduction of differentiated products to address the needs of large-flow users. 2) Deepening the full-touched-down operation of the line line and promoting entity unity.
Assumption 1: With the rapid development of 5g and the transformation of the company’s innovation, the company has been structured on the 5g track, driven in the first half of the year by the catalyzing of the epidemic and the new capital wave, it has obtained a lot of orders, and the company has gained a lot of orders in the second half of the year, along with 5g technologies and networks.
The growing maturity of networks, terminals and applications will further deepen open cooperation, enhance value operations, actively exploit the unique competitive advantage of connecting 5g to lead a continuous increase in the value of mobile operations, and will result in a significant increase in corporate orders in the future, assuming that 2: the company ' s other business contributes little to the company and is not the company ' s main business, mainly in sales or bundling
Marketing of communications products, including terminals, but with the acceleration of construction of 5g and the innovation of corporate product strategies, the volume of corporate communications products orders will also increase positively, and in 2019 the business received two comparable companies in the telecommunications operator industry, both of which were listed in Hong Kong in 2020, as a result of the shift in the strategic focus of the company towards 5g communications.
The average value of the company is projected to be 10 times. Given that the accelerated construction of 5g and the transformation of innovation in the company will result in a large volume of orders, and considering the difference in the value of the shares of the company, we believe that the value of the company will be higher than the industry average.
No compensation will be obtained, either directly or indirectly, from specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.