- China Connect (600050) semi-annual review: 12/08/2020
icom.com.cn/ speed industry leads. Corporate cost performance continues to be optimized, profitability is further enhanced, total profits are combined with China ' s United Network Communication Set
In the first half of the year, capital spending was 25.8 billion yuan, with free cash under effective control.
The flow remained strong at $22.9 billion, the company ' s financial strength continued to grow and its financial position was more robust.
The year was marked by a significant contraction; the total number of mobile account users amounted to 310 million; mobile users arpu showed a relative depth of 300 indexes; the flow reached about 9.4gb. Corporate marketing costs in general, and users in particular, were significantly reduced.
In the first half of the year, the company worked closely with Chinese telecommunications to promote the 5g network, which is almost identical in size, coverage, quality to that of the lead operator.
In the first half of the year, a total of about 150,000 new shared 5g base stations were established. To date, the company has a total of about 210,000 stations available at 5g base stations, of which it has built more than 100,000 stations, achieved continuous coverage in more than 50 priority cities, and successfully upgraded 4g base stations to 5g base in some provinces with 2.1ghz band software.
Stations. The company focuses on building an open platform for 5g capabilities, introducing features such as hd/4k/8k videos, ar/vr, cloud games, building an integrated "end+content+application" 5g pan-intellectual terminal ecology, focusing on industrial Internet, smart cities, health care, etc., and accelerating the incubation of the industry
Aaa China Connect (600050) Quarterly Review Report New and Emerging Businesses Keeping Growth High: Corporate Income from Internet Business Growth in the First Half of the Year _aaa_China Connect (600050) Covered for the first time
Thirty-six per cent, 22.7 billion yuan, an increase of 16 per cent in the share of income from the overall main business; 2.2 billion and 900 million yuan, respectively, in data from the Internet and the Great Qingxiang, an increase of 55 per cent and 67 per cent in the same year.
With good growth in Internet broadband operations, the company's main fixed-net business earns $60.6 billion, compared to the Ho-Shang Woo, Xu Yi-bin.
Application nurturing and integration of innovation development towards faster-efficiency risk factors in the new era of digital transformation: slow application of 5g; less than expected penetration of 5g; higher development costs than expected; and increased market competition.