Phoenix has launched a new chapter on institutional reform.
Keywords: #Royukang, research assistant, Phoenix.
The main factors include the pressure on the asset end of the plate and the firm’s own fundamentals, which have yet to form a market consensus. The value constraint of the plate is mainly due to persistently low interest rates and low propagandism.
Since the value of the post-influenza performance is lower than that of a colleague, key financial indicators need to be improved, including new business values, a new risk list, etc.
The president is expected to be the youngest director since the company’s share of ipo. When he took office, Yang pointed out seven of the company’s current challenges and proposed ten solutions focusing on specialization, marketization, modernization, and internationalization.
Call for research in the branches to promote transformational initiatives through systems optimization, enhancement, performance promotion and basic management.  Business outlook 2024. From these channels, 9m23 companies have new risk sheets, new silver sheets, and groups.
In terms of contributions to the new list, 27.8 per cent, 66.8 per cent and 5.4 per cent, respectively; in terms of contributions to the original premium, the Basic Law was renewed in 2024 and the confidence of the workforce increased. We expect that, with the Basic Law coming to an end, it will be possible to achieve per capita and per capita per capita capacity in 2024.
In the case of the silver channel, the silver channel is positioned as an important channel for “scale contribution, value supplementation” and building up.
To make progress toward the goal of “facilitation,” 9m23 bails contribute 42.0% to the first year of long-term insurance. Silver bond release is expected to benefit fully from the strict implementation of the “Bank One” and to be expected to be the winner of new life insurance and value growth gains.
On the other hand, performance is slightly lower than that of a colleague, and is expected to be caused by differences in csm amortization rates and product structure. The move is higher than that of an employee, and the share of fvoci equity instruments is slightly lower than that of an employee, making the profit fluctuations relatively high.
Quarterly performance advance rating: insurance advance first shot, valuation of performance resonance rifle
At present (5 January 2024), Xinhua insurance is paid for 2023 and 2024 p/ev, respectively.
Only 0.35 x and 0.32 x, which are significantly lower than the average average for a stock listing. In terms of industry and companies, the constraints of the current valuation are mainly due to the pressure on the asset end of the plate and the firm’s own fundamentals, which have yet to form a market consensus.
On the one hand, in 2023, the macroeconomic recovery was weak, with asset-end contributions to valuations and performance precipitatingly reversed, turning in the second quarter and causing significant delays after three quarters in 2023, against the backdrop of a persistently low activity of long-end interest rates and equity markets.
On the other hand, the forecast of interest rate adjustments at the end of March has had a mixed impact on the equity price of the insurance stock, with markets witnessing both a blow-out of short-term new business and a worrying reduction in profit spreads, as well as a fear of “closing off” for medium-term performance. The Political Bureau meeting of 7-24 was held, with a positive expression of “building investor confidence” and then directing long-term capital to the market.
The share price of the division was a two-fold boost for Davis, and by mid-August the company’s share price had increased by nearly 60%. After September, with the rapid fall in new business data and the advancement of the various channels of “opportunity” the equity market was over-expected, and a stock listing venture, including Xinhua Insurance, retook its annual upturn.
1.2. Corporate valuation constraints: post-epidemic value performance is lower than industry, and key financial indicators need to be improved The epidemic has far-reaching and complex implications for the asset liabilities of insurance companies, particularly life insurance companies. From the end of the debt, the expected decline in residential incomes, the downward spiral of marketing channels, and the continued low interest rates at the end of the investment that drag the release of profits,
By comparing the primary financial and business data of 1h19 (pre-epidemiological) with the primary financial and business data of 1h23 (post-epidemiological) companies, we find that companies are under a certain level of stress to recover. By comparison with the average of a share listings, Xinhua has a clear comparative advantage in the overall new bill (an increase of 132.8% over the pre-epidemiological rate).
In the company's strategy of “a two-wheel drive, scale and value of assets and liabilities,” the size of the silver insurance channel has contributed significantly. But the new risk list (20.2% lower than before the outbreak, and a 14.4% increase in the average number of listed peers) and the new business value (the new chairman has been approved for his post, direct to market-based reforms)
2.1. On December 20, 20, 2023, the company announcement was approved by the Shareholders Assembly and the National Financial Supervisory Authority.
On December 29, 2023, the company announced that its statutory representative would be Mr. Yang.
We expect Yang to be the youngest chairman of the company’s ipo stock. Xinhua Insurance has been a director since ipo’s share, including Kanxin (December 2009-January 2016), Wanfung.
(January 2016 - January 2019), Lejong Sword (responsible, January 2019 - August 2019), and Liu Ho Ling (August 2019), whose term of office has become shorter in recent years, have not been conducive to the company’s implementation of landing reform measures at the end of the industry.
Mr. Zhang, the managing director of the firm, the senior executives of the profession like Yang Xing, the first actuaries of the industry, who were over 20 years old, and Mr. Wang, who knew the best ways to understand the business, took a look at the new leader of the firm, who led the company to the test of the industry and to revive Xinhua Insurance's distinctive advantages.
2.2. With the advent of professionalization, marketization, modernization and internationalization, Yang has actively advocated reform ideas, namely, the promotion of professionalization, market-based reform, realism, realism, solidarity and long-term success. In August 2023, the Xinhua Insurance Conference was launched at Xinhua.
President Yang pointed out the seven major challenges of Xinhua Insurance and proposed ten solutions. The Xinhua Insurance Policy will be structured, thinking, cutting back on the core elements of “strategy, mechanisms, talent, culture, science and technology” in the design of top-level reforms, keeping pace with progress and accelerating innovation.
In terms of coping strategies, Yang has always proposed ten main solutions: direct professionalization, marketization, modernization, internationalization, with an emphasis on focusing financial resources on where the firm really needs them and where they really work, and increasing resources in key areas of reform, such as regional development, workforce layout, and technological empowerment; he noted that
It is hoped that, with the completion of the new round of structural and personnel adjustments, the company will be given a new boost. Figure 2: Yang proposes ten solutions: professionalization, marketing, modernization, and internationalization.
• To improve market access in economically developed areas by integrating the regional distribution throughout the country, focusing on more productive areas such as Jiang Yu;
(a) Consolidation or elimination of low-impact and low-potential institutional networks;
• Performance-oriented workforce development system, career runways and team architecture design, external orientation of excellence, client-specific service, client-centred philosophy, tiered management of clients and matching of teams, products and services based on the stratification of guest groups.
• Greater synergy and integration between the channels and the sum of the channels in order to maximize the efficiency of client resources.
• Develop a customer-centred product system, design product development around client needs, locate and analyse products according to client groups, manage product progression and movement classification, and innovate the introduction of competitive mortgage products;
Accurate matching of assets and liabilities, deepening institutional reform, establishing market-based incentive systems, and building a comprehensive business management evaluation system;
• Establishment of performance-oriented performance appraisal mechanisms;
• Renovating and upgrading the network and workplace space, on the one hand, in an appropriate area and, on the other, in an optimal location and renovation;
• To enhance the capacity of the welfare industry to develop synergies with the life-risk industry, to use community-based marketing as a tool to enhance the technological and technological empowerment of older persons, and to raise the level of support for services;
• Science and technology support to speed up the digital transformation, give the best apps in the market, improve the system's operational stability, upgrade front-end clients and teams • operate support to fully investigate the needs of teams and clients, optimize on-line tool support functions, provide maximum support to the industry, and provide clients with support to enhance the intellectualization of nuclear insurance claims, improve the efficiency of the two nuclear systems, broaden the implementation of direct payments, and set corporate claims.
Building up the wind-controlled compliance barrier, holding the threshold of no major risks, strengthening party leadership guarantees, and overall upgrading of national strategic capacity for service delivery 2.3. Reveloping field research to achieve high-quality corporate development
On 6 September 2023, Mr. Yang was appointed secretary of the party for only 19 days and went to Shanghai to direct his work, offering to “emancipate ideas, test them first, and make the Shanghai branch public.”