Company announcement: Hainan Airport issued an announcement that the controlling shareholder, Hainan Airport Group Limited, was subject to large-scale transactions by the four sons and fathers of Xingzhou, etc. Reorganization of the balance at Hainan Airport, totalling 41,792,448 shares, stock exchange price of 3.69 yuan/shares and total transaction price of RMB
1. Discussion of historical cross-equity issues, showing the middle-level confidence of controlling shareholders. After this transaction, the Henan Airport Group’s shareholdings rose from 24.51% to 24.87%, helping to eliminate historical cross-holdings while highlighting the shareholders’ confidence in the company’s future prospects.
3. Continued focus on major business development, with the third phase of the expansion of Sanya Airport, which is expected to benefit from the construction of Hainan Freeport.1 The company ' s strategy of promoting the Focused Main Business is expected to generate more than 40 per cent of airport management revenue in 2024; the number of passengers at San Phoenix Airport in January-February 2025 has increased by the same amount;2 Hainan is moving ahead with the construction of the pre-seam closure facility, with the company holding key airport posts at Hainan Trade Port and tax-free commercial resources at Seagate Square.
The central advantage is that the medium- and long-term horizons are expected to benefit directly. 3. Prior to the company ' s amendment of the company ' s charters, the aim was to remove the credit-restriction clause for listed companies arising from historical legacy issues (the terms of the bonus were changed from “the company ' s undistributed profits to positive and the current available profits to positive profits” to “the parent ' s undistributed profits to positive and positive net profits for the most recent year”) and to further refine the company ' s bonus regime.
4. Investment proposals: Taking into account the high volatility of real estate operations as a result of the de-alerting and carry-over effects of real estate projects, China’s tax-free short-term performance, and Sanya Airport 89,447x. As a core beneficiary of Hainan’s self-port construction, the pace of closure in Hainan towards the end of 2025 is approaching, the company’s future middle line of scarce cards such as its airport in Hainan and its urban core property is expected to enjoy a certain certainty premium, maintaining the median “better than the city” rating.
Large shareholders intend to increase their shares in the company, eliminate historical cross-equity issues, and show confidence in the development of the middle line. Hainan Airport issued a communiqué in which the controlling shareholder, Hainan Airport Group Limited, was reassembled by four subsidiaries, such as Kyushu State, for a total of 41,792,448 shares, stock exchange price of $3.69 per share, and total transaction price of 154,214,133.12 yuan.
The airport group’s shareholding increased from 24.51 per cent to 24.87 per cent, helping to eliminate historical cross-holdings, while highlighting the hold-holders’ confidence in the company’s future prospects.
As a follow-up to the outlook, the focus will continue to be on major developments, with the third phase of the expansion of Sanya Airport, which is expected to benefit from the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port.1 The company is moving towards a focused master strategy, with airport management expected to earn more than 40 per cent of its revenues in 2024; the number of passengers in the San Phoenix Airport, which is operating at the heart of the company in January-February 2025, has increased by 9.95 per cent on the same basis, and the trend is good in the season; the third phase of the expansion is expected to be completed by the end of 2025, when the passenger current capacity is expected to be reached.
It will be raised by 30 million times. 2. Hainan is moving ahead with the pre-seam construction work in an orderly manner, with the company having the core advantages of a key airport position at Hainan and the commercial resources of a tax-exempt post at Seagate Square, which are expected to benefit directly from the medium- and long-term line. 3. Prior to the company's amendment of the company's charter, the purpose of which was to remove the red-restricted terms of the listed company due to historical legacy issues (the red-division terms had been “non-distribution of profits by the company from the previous period and available for distribution in the current period).
Reworded to “the parent’s undistributed profits are positive and the net profits of the last year are positive” to further refine the company’s allocation of dividends. Investment proposal: considering the de-alerting and carry-over effects of real estate projects leading to greater volatility in real estate operations, tax-free short-term pressure performance in Hainan, Sanya airport 89,447x.
A certain certainty premium is expected for the future midpoint of scarce cards such as the central property industry in urban areas, maintaining the median “better than the big market” rating. Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - a fall in net profit under the mother during the first half of the year, with a proposed adjustment to the future share of company charters - 2024-08-28. Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - Rehabilitating property in the main industry, following the progress of sealing the south of the sea - 2024-04-24
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject