The potential for car and car parts to be consumed is not lost in yoga, and the potential and opportunities for “shortboards” (the Pacific Cars Strategy 2019) are set aside for car development in the future. In the period of suv's rapid development, the public, the public, and the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector and the private sector.
The Division has chosen to strategically set aside sedan development, focus on the suv area and break down the line of achievement, but at the same time it has led to a temporary lag in sedan business and incomplete hysteria. On the face of it, while losing part of the market share of the sedan, the company actually fully enjoyed it during the suv rapid development period.
The dividends of the market have also taken the opportunity to expand its technical and financial strength. With the company's further strength, the strategy of car development has been gradually set in motion on the Ora brand, and the future does not preclude further efforts in the area of cars, but it is also a huge opportunity for market growth.
New energy was carefully laid out in the early stages of the process. Then it was just like that. The early stages of the development of new energy sources were like fire, and the government provided high subsidies to car companies, but the company chose to be carefully configured, bringing in two.
The weight pressure is also accused of being slow in the deployment of new energy sources. But the fact is that the public stock/flow (millions of shares) Division considers the safety and technological maturity of cars more often than not, and in the new energy sectors.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has never stagnated technological accumulation and strategically chose not to rely on government subsidies for profit, up to 12 months/minimum
It also reflects the firm’s extreme pragmatism. After identifying new energy development strategies and the real demand in the market, precision strikes, creating a brand-new Eura, based on a new platform, and soon after being listed, the Great Wall’s Car (601633) is swept across the market.
Rapid market recognition, increasing sales above expectations, and the potential for subsequent upliftment have been effectively addressed, as has the two-point pressure of the previous period, the Great Wall Car (601633), which has seen a boom in performance, for example.
To overcome geographical disadvantages, the global layout brings together the elite. The company’s headquarters are located in Hebei, and although they are part of Kyoto’s integration zone, they are recommended by the Beijing and Tianjin Centres of the surrounding city - 2019/04/29.
In fact, there is still a certain geographical disadvantage, which is somewhat limited in terms of sucking on the excellent Great Wall car (601633), the Autonomous Brand High Titties. But with the construction and development of the new area, the city will be preserved.
The impact and attention of cities and regions has increased, and companies have launched a global deployment strategy for research and development, which has been set up in Japan, the United States, Germany, India, Austria and the Republic of Korea.
The creation of overseas R & D centres, as well as the establishment of R & D centres in cities such as Shanghai, bringing together leading car engineers, designers and 17 foreign experts from around the world, has led to the formation of a global, multi-million-manual research and development team, and has effectively addressed the brain drain caused by geographical disadvantages in the past.
Investment proposals: A company, as an autonomous brander, has a historical trade-off between the model and the strategic layout, but there are certain gaps, and the company has more to gain from the edges, and the so-called shortboards of past development will be potentials and opportunities for the future.
The automobile industry as a whole remains low, but the company's sales in the first four months have rebounded, and the demand for the second half of the industry is expected to recover gradually, thus bringing a high impact to the dominant car companies. The Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to be recommended and maintained as a “buy-out” strategy.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report