An opt-in car and auto parts performance ring, for example, is back in time, and the bottom of the industry is a unique one (the Pacific Car 2019) event: the company published a report for the first quarter of 2019, in which 22,627 million yuan was collected, with the same reduction.
q1 performance is at the bottom of history, with a high base factor leading to a year-on-year pressure. As the automobile industry as a whole is still on a year-on-year rise in the first quarter of 2018, and the company’s sales in the first quarter of 18 years are boosted by billions of dollars, the base figure is relatively high, and the high base factor leads to a larger upward trend in 19q1 performance.
The company ' s non-net profit in the first quarter of 19 years increased significantly in comparison with the pressure on the ring, with an average net profit of $223.5 on the back of the car, while the overall performance and net profit levels of the bicycle are still at the bottom of the history region, with a greater potential for upgrading and space. In addition, the overall pressure in the automobile industry is very low.
Against a backdrop of significant losses in some enterprises, companies can still rely on branding advantages and combined strength, 9,127,127 is more expensive than a combination of high-quality profits, and we remain firmly committed to the future of the company.
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) is being improved, with the weight-car model “Piccard+wey+f series” being upgraded.
The medium-car, wey, and f series are relatively profitable levels, and the distribution structure for the first quarter has improved significantly over the last four quarters of the year, from the point of view of the profit-earners (Pacific Motors 2019 Strategic Recommendations).
-2019/04/25 The sales of the series of vehicles ranged from 30.4 per cent of 18q4 to 40.2 per cent of 19q1, pickups and f Great Wall Cars (601633).
The increase in the series’s share is evident, and improvements in the marketing structure will gradually increase the overall profitability of the company. Of these, pickup sales reached an all-time high of about 15,000 in March, with the city accounting for the annual strategic recommendations in one quarter) - 2019/04/23.
The rate is about 36 per cent, more than double the second place, while the introduction of the high-end Picaca series will also make the Great Wall (601633) “f7x” the company’s pickups more competitive in the market.
In the broader context of the decline in industrial vulnerability, corporate sales and market share have risen in reverse, and the size of the city has been initially secured, reflecting both the firm's strategic choices between the market and the profit balance, and the firm's strong product competitiveness, not the consumer.
Prices are considered, but there is a combination of trade-offs and choices between product power and prices. Against the background of policy and cycle bottoms, we still have confidence and expectation in the recovery of the industry in the second half of the year, while the Wall car chooses a wise move to keep its size in reverse and raise its market share.
Investment proposal: The company’s 1901 sales are growing at a high rate, its performance is high compared to that of the previous year, but the ring rises are clear, and it is more important to hold on to size and markets. We expect the company to return in 19/20.
In addition to the strong reversal in sales, and the prospect of a gradual recovery in demand in the second half of the industry, which will lead to a high degree of elasticity for car companies, the Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to recommend strategies to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report