Quoted car and car parts, no missing current, F7x.
On the basis of f7 chassis modifications, there are a lot of super-intellectual games, idiosyncratic games, idiosyncratic games, idiosyncratic games, idiosyncratic games, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrasies, idiosyncrases, i.e.
The new wave of suv has come to light, especially since this year, when the country’s autonomous brands competed for individual, fashion-based suv, the Great Wall, Hafff7x, Chang Ancs85couple, Gillising, etc., to go to the market and show off.
At the same level of leadership in terms of appearance, interiors, and technology, the very smart version of technology was the first to fly a class-122 autopilot system at a very competitive price.
A sister version of type F7 for total equity/flow (million shares) could effectively complement the existing f7 vehicle matrix and add value to total market value/flow (millions)
F7. Sales have risen rapidly since they were listed in November last year, reaching the highest/minimum vehicle of 10,000 months and more in the following month, with an upward trend in both end-user demand and wholesale sales for 19 years.
F7x will be listed on a new step in the F7 series, and as consumers step up the Great Wall Car (601633) Autonomous Brand Flag, Political Recognition and Market Monument build-up, f July sales are expected to continue to climb and reach more than 20,000 vehicles.
Disturbing safe havens (the Pacific Cars 2019) - 2019/04/10 “f7+h6” big monolith, creating a new situation of 1+1>1.
The Great Wall car (601633) has a unique sales volume, a career, and stability, and the status of a new explosive vehicle will gradually be established, which will gradually break the season-by-sea performance of the past transition.
The awkward situation of h6 is that the future Hover brandsf series and h series will be synchronized with the different market segments. - 2019/04/08 Power, which is expected to evolve into a new pattern of f+h two series, f7+h6 two-way single items.
The Great Wall Car (601633) looked up to the sky, and for five months there has been no significant customer diversion and large sales of the space that some investors have been worried about.
The volume drop, the new car as an effective complement to the different location between h6 and the price zone, and the relationship between h6 - not the opposite - would create at least a 1+1 > 1 situation in the future of f7+h6.
Investment proposal: With the listing of f7x, the company ' s suv class will be enriched, and the new suv suv will have a strong effect on the company ' s sales.
q1 sales will remain strong, in addition to the prospect of a gradual recovery in demand in the second half of the industry, and the Wall, as one of the leading companies of its own brand, will continue to recommend strategies to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.