Autonomous high-end pilot for automobiles and auto parts.
Hard power supports a breakthrough. The Great Wall's long-standing principles of over-infusion in research and development have built up power systems such as engines and auto-transformation boxes, as well as electronic components of cars such as lighting beams, new energy three-power systems, and even platform development.
Technical hard power. With hard power, the company is not going to limit its brand image to the middle and low end, the product and brand are going up to the bottom of the road, and the initial attempt at a high-end car model of the previous H8\h9 is going to be the second breakthrough of the high-end brand Wey at a later stage, and the company is going to be strong.
As the backbone of the Great Wall 's auto products and brands, the cumulative sales since it came to the market in June 2017 have exceeded 250,000.
In volume, the current average monthly sales of the three main vehicles were maintained at more than 10,000 vehicles, with initial market recognition that, although the volume of single-car sales declined compared to the early days of the market, it was used as a home ownership brand of 9,127,917,127.
In an attempt at high-endization, it can be called a little bit of a gain at the beginning. The overall market value/flow (million dollars) of the brand-up road itself is bound to be full of bumps, even though the global car giant Toyota, whose high-end brand Lexus,
A 12-month maximum/minimum (in dollars) has been introduced without success, and in addition to the breakthroughs in technology and product end, it has been difficult for consumers to understand. Wey's brand has recently joined China in space and is in the field of technological innovation and research and development.
The Great Wall Car (601633) has a huge potential for pickups, strategic collaborations, full demonstration of the hard power of Wey brands, company strategic support for and commitment to Wey brands, and we believe that the future development of Wey brands is needed.
- 2019/04/23 The Great Wall Car (601633) is not absent, f7x a “gun” is red, and high-end pickups lead the way.
Another ace in 2019/04/15 is also implementing the vision of the corporate brand as a whole.
The exhibition featured a high-end and multi-utilized Piccard "Tart" series of products based on a new platform - a dissuasive safe haven (Pacific Cars 2019 p71 platform, built for global regulations, global markets).
The Great Wall cannon has redefined the national pickup, and it is hoped that the price of the national pickup will be kept between the price of the national pickup.
It's a very valuable investment, both for the company itself and for the pickup market.
The Time Gun series of pickups will also open the way to high-end pickups. It is expected that the company will remain strong in 19-20 years, and that demand in the industry is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, and that the Wall, as one of the leading companies of its own brand, will continue to recommend strategies to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report