Options for the consumption of car and car parts and components: production at the Russian factory of Tula, a qualitative breakthrough in the overseas layout (Strategic Recommendations for Pacific Cars 2019).
F7 is listed overseas, and the second stage of investment is signed in the presence of the heads of State of China and Russia. The Great Wall ' s Russian Toula factory is the first to be built abroad to cover pressurized, welded, coated, and all four major productions.
With the signing of the second phase of the Investment Intent Agreement, the Russian-Chinese car industry will release greater potential and space in the future. In addition, the Toula factory will be able to move to China.
Other car brands provide replacement assembly support, making Chinese car brands less dependent on local sub-plants, and further effectively reducing the risks of cooperation. They will also internationalize Chinese brands to Russia, opening up larger markets.
The 12-month maximum/minimum suv ratio is about 47%, the most popular sales in the Korean department are about 400,000, and the Chinese brand is only about 30,000, and there is still a lot of potential for upgrading.
The Great Wall Car (601633), which has a negative market position, is expected to make a major breakthrough in Russia in terms of good reputations and product advantages. Moreover, the transport environment at the Tura factory makes it possible to produce quality products that cover not only the local markets of Russia, but also the local markets.
“The Great Wall of Russia (601633), “Performance Rings like Periods,” –2019/05/09 Radiological Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Moldova, Kyrgyzstan, etc.
The country. The Toula factory will also be an important node for the Great Wall ' s car to open up Asian and European markets, hopefully with Russia as a back-up, opening up larger offshore markets.
The Great Wall Cars (601633) "Autonomous brand high-end collars for in-country invasion, future growth will add new impetus. With excellent qualities and value for money, today's sailer (Pacific Car 2019)
The Wall ' s domestic sales have been regressive since then, and its share in the market has continued to rise. The Department of Public Administration (2019/04/25) has managed to stabilize the domestic market while actively expanding the overseas market.
In terms of R & D, cars have been deployed in Japan, the United States, Germany, India and other countries around the world in seven countries, and production has resulted in the full deployment of the Russian Tula plant and five kd plants, including Malaysia and Ecuador, and sales have been effectively combined with more than 500 distributors in 60 countries.
As the overseas layout is gradually improved, it will provide a new impetus for companies to grow in the future. The investment proposal is that, with the completion of the Russian plant and its production of f7, it will be listed abroad.
The offshore market is expected to make a further breakthrough, and we expect the company to double its parent net profit in 19/20/12. While the overall automobile industry is still running low, demand is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the industry’s construction, with larger-scale car companies becoming more resilient, and the Wall will do more than that.
For one of the autonomous brand leaders, we will continue to make strategic recommendations to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.