The option is to consume cars and car parts, look up at the sky, imagine space, be strong with BMW, brand technology up the stairs. As the country's latest international car giant.
The company's partnership with BMW is essentially a mutual claim, and BMW values the long-standing built-up cost-quality control capacity of the Wall and its super-execution power, while the Wall values the long-term technological build-up and brand influence of BMW.
Working together, Mini pure electric production will be the starting point, and both sides are expected to work together to launch a new platform and model, as well as in other technical areas. The company will take the opportunity to further enhance its brand power and technology.
The company, as a practical player in the new energy sector, has been lagging behind its competitors in the deployment of new energy technologies and products, and we believe that the main reason why the company's cars are being rolled out is because it doesn't want to rely too much on subsidies to make a profit, but it does.
The accumulation of technology has never stopped, with the latest launch of the Orar 1 model, with 100 km of electricity consumption below 10 kwh, performing the best in the same class of vehicles, with the side reflecting the lightly quantified total equity/flow (million shares) in the company ' s pure electric vehicle.
It's even a leading player in the integration of cars. Weyp8 and total market value/flow (millions of dollars) are introduced in blended power, while the hydrogen-fueled car sector is also forward-looking.
12.52/5.56 Full-scale hydrogen energy power system integration and full vehicle development by the research and development team of the rest of the population, with the Great Wall Car (601633) in 2020.
Looking at the introduction of hydrogen fuel in a model vehicle, the Winter Olympics in 2022 are expected to launch a hydrogen-fueled motorcade, which is Wang Do.
- 2019/04/03 Launch and gradual start of power, pure electric power, mixed power, hydrogen fuel cells, three technical routes, the Great Wall Car (601633), the double-up corridor, the two-way-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-on-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-
Synchronizing multiple forces is expected to rise in the post-subsidization era. A combination of "value plus elasticity" attributes (Pacific auto supply chain open, platform undisturbed). The company has placed four major spare parts plates under the flag.
To start a business that would allow it to compete fully in the market, which would, on the one hand, stimulate suppliers in the original system to upgrade their own operational efficiency and technological capabilities, and, on the other hand, as the supply of external goods goes up (Pacific Motors Strategy 2019).
Leaning forward will also help to further optimize the cost of purchasing company spare parts when they are larger. Starting with the new Eurasia platform, companies will gradually scale up their platformed R & D and applications, and the next generation will move towards platformed R & D and production, with full optimization of technology and costs.
Investment proposals: The company as a wind sign of its own brand, with potential opportunities for the future, with a hand in hand, BMW joint venture, new energy start-up, open supply chain, platform layout, etc. The overall sales volume of the industry remains low, but the company ' s sales of q1 are expected to remain strong, in addition to the industry ' s second half of the year.
Demand is expected to recover gradually, and the Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to make strategic recommendations to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.