In April 2019, the company issued sales for a total of 83,838 vehicles in April, up from a year ago.
A total of 65,737 vehicles sold by suv, 13,099 items sold by pickup cards and 4,614 items sold by Eurasia. In January-April of this year, a cumulative total of 367,680 vehicles were sold, an increase of 8.65 per cent over the same period.
The stock of card suv-backed three swordsmen has been on top of the best sales, with a cumulative sales of around 264,000 in the first four months of Hafsuv, a strong increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period.f7 As the largest contributor, the market was marketed in November last year.
In less than six months of market recognition, a steady monthly sale of more than 10,000 vehicles will be achieved, and as the user's headlines and cognitive build-up become a bit more visible, and as the F7x saloons are phased out, leading the tide will also contribute a certain amount of sales, we will also look forward to holding the F7 in the future.
We've got 7293 temporary sales pressure, but we think that with the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the wey product, we're going to continue to grind the product and work together in space, as well as to continue to innovate and invest in branding.
High 12 months/lowest car (601633) The Great Wall's performance ring is like a period return, pickups continue to lead, and new energy sources are no less than expected.
The cards, the performance remained strong, about 13,000 vehicles were sold, the market continued to be broken down, and as the medium-to-high-end Picah cannon series was not on the market, both in volume and in price, the Picah Board, the Great Wall Car (601633), the Autonomous Brand High-end Lead, the Autonomous Brands, the Accelerator, the Accomplishment, the Accomplishment of the Accomplishment, the Accompaniment of the Accompaniment of the Picah Guns, the Accompaniment of the Accompaniment, the Accomplishment of the Accompaniment, the Accomplishment of the Accomplishment, the Accomplishment of the Accomplishment, and the Accomplishment of the Accomplishment, the Accomplishment of the Accomplishment, and the Accelerators of the Acested Acades,
There's a relative improvement. Euratom energy as a black horse in this year's new energy field, subsidized airliner (Pacific Motors 2019). Post-opportunity sales continue to be high, with R1 and iq models sold in April.
-2019/04/25 4614 units sold directly into a pure electric car with a new energy source in the North, the Great Wall car (601633) with a huge potential.
With a unique look, extremely low electricity consumption and excellent internal space, sales have been expected in supermarkets, and we believe that Euraar 1 has achieved an excellent balance between product strength and price, after-subsidization of strategic recommendations for the year) - 2019/04/23.
With R2 going on the market in the second half of the year, Ora will be expected to provide surprises, and will also completely address the double-count pressure on companies. The bottom of the cycle is the king, and the future sector will recover with great resilience.
Growth, and the first four months of sales and market share have also increased in reverse, market size has increased, and the firm's strong product competitiveness has been consolidated, and we believe that the company is the first and the largest at the bottom of the cycle. The bottom of the cycle has fallen, and all companies are in a price war.
In contrast, the few that have achieved an increase in the share of the city, and the companies that have been able to reverse the increase in the share of the market, must have had a strong technological reserve and a built-in market, rather than simply a price war, to make it happen. This is or will be the darkest period before the dawn of the automobile industry, but in policy and cycle evolution.
Under the double trap, we still have confidence in and expectations for the second half of the year, and the Great Wall car has chosen to be the smartest strategy to try to keep its size in reverse and raise its market share, and the future will be accompanied by a recovery in industry that will bring huge performance elasticity to companies.
Investment proposals: once again, the firm ' s sales grew in April in a strong and regressive manner, fully demonstrating the strong market competitiveness of its products, we expect the company to return to net profits of $6,031 million in 19/20, while overall automobile sales remain low, but the company ' s sales in the first four months were strong and strong.
The demand for the second half of the industry is expected to recover gradually, thus bringing a high-impact car company. The Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to make strategic recommendations and maintain the "buy for the Academy."
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.