The choice is to consume the car and car parts, sell the car on the ground, and sell the car on the ground. It's a brand reputation. It's a company that's been in the car business since the beginning.
In keeping with the style of the field, loyal to the auto-owner business, deep down and down the auto-industry chain, the core parts are supplied autonomously by the vertical industrial chain to achieve dual autonomy in cost and quality. At the same time, the cost is strictly controlled, with no discount on quality and Huffsuv.
Cards always have safety and quality control as their top priority, and the choice of 5 million customers represents the voice of the client, winning the reputation of a good market word and brand name with the character of the craftsman. Some are targeted, and within the power circle they do good.
During the hottest period of demand, the strategic choice was to temporarily abandon the heavy investment in cars, to focus instead on the suv market where they were best at, to fully enjoy the quick and long market dividends of the suv, to maximize profits, and to take the opportunity to learn from the inside and accumulate wealth.
And technology always keeps the suv market in the lead. We think the company's stage battle, 9,127,9,127 is a bit wise, forward-looking, capable of being targeted and doing what it can within its sphere of competence.
Since 2016, the suv market has gradually been made a double-up route by the Great Wall Car (601633).
The Blue Sea market has become the Red Sea market, with more investment and competition from cars and suv products, and the "value plus elasticity" of the market (the Pacific car has become more intense, and the whole city is in the bottom of the cycle, starting in 17 years.
Keeping the market share, at the expense of some profits, makes concessions to consumers, and looking at it in the long run is understandable and the smartest choice of the moment. The automobile industry is heavily dependent on the scale effect.
And there's a future in the amount, and the industry's downside, and it's desirable to guarantee short-term S&T, and we think we can only go further if we stay on the scale and enjoy the upwards during the recovery of the industry.
In the end, faith will succeed. - 2019/03/19 Investment proposal: A company, as an autonomous branding flag, always sells cars for profit, f Series
We expect to continue to work this year, while the old model continues to support the base plate, and we expect the company to make a net return profit of $6,031 million / $6,738 million in 19/20 years, which is still low, but the company's sales of q1 are expected to remain strong, in addition to the demand for the industry in the second half of the year.
With a view to a gradual recovery, the Wall, as one of the leading companies of its own brand, will continue to make strategic recommendations.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.