Automobiles and auto parts, auto tags, policy-disturbing safe harbours (Pacific Car Strategy 2019) Autonomous brand banners, high-quality profits.
In the long term, full enjoyment of the dividends of the high-growth segment of the industry and the opportunity to upgrade their brands, influence and technological power as the first autonomous motorcade of millions of cars, the company would be entitled to an autonomous brand. In 2016, the profits were high, with a net profit of 10 billion dollars a year.
On top, the net profits of the bicycles exceed $10,000, with significant profits in return for shareholders or investment in R & D, which have affected profit levels over the last two years because of the high level of preferential sales, but the corporate profitability is still at the forefront of the business.
As a share of 4.05% of the revenue, there has been a persistent overinvestment in research and development, with one of the largest and highest-standard integrated vehicle testing sites in the country to date. The Hafer Technology Center has fully covered five functions: R & D, testing, testing, modelling, data, etc.
Total stock/flow (million shares) Valued product parts are supplied autonomously by technology controllable and vertical industrial chains.
Hand, in terms of R & D progress, cost control, and production supply, is not subject to human constraints and is capable of achieving maximum autonomy for up to 12 months/minimum dollars.
The Great Wall Cars (601633), a unique sales item, does not rely on foreign brands, is a policy disturbance to safe havens. The company's performance as a flag for autonomous brand development is on a quarterly basis (the Pacific Car Strategy 2019).
The future development strategy and long-term planning are autonomous.
The Great Wall Cars (601633) Looking up at the stars, judging the environmental impact of the country's more open business, opening up future joint ventures and importing cars like space.
Tariff adjustments can have some impact on the automobile industry, and companies, as the few domestic vehicles currently -- 2099/04/04 -- that are not dependent on foreign capital, are affected by policy disturbances under uncertain policy expectations
The Great Wall Car 601633 is the smallest, policy-disturbing safe haven.
Investment proposal: A company as the flag of its own brand, one of the country's first car companies to make a profit without relying on joint ventures, with almost no foreign share liberalization and uncertainty such as import tariffs
We expect the company to return to its mother-in-law in 19 and 20 years at $6,031 million, while overall sales in the automobile industry remain low, the company q1 is expected to remain strong, in addition to the industry, where demand is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, with the Wall as one of the autonomous brand leaders.
A continuous strategy will be recommended to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.