The Great Wall car (60163.sh/02333.hk) Hold holds Shen Jia, issued a 2019q1 report, and the company 2019q1 achieved business income of $22.630 billion.
Youy-13.7% net profit of 773 million, yoy-62.8% (643 million net profit net net profit after deduction), where corporate sales are significantly better than industry averages in general, and where the city’s share is rising steadily. But the Māori rate level has been taken into account under the strategic direction of increasing the city’s share.
Some impact. We expect the price hub to increase with the introduction of the re-pricing product, and the promotion of the company ' s q1 Māori ratio has dropped significantly over the same period and the ring ratio has improved slightly: the Great Wall Cars have released 2019q1 product combinations.
In addition, changes in product marketing structures have affected Māori rates, with lower Māori new energy cars and suv vehicles growing faster during the reporting period, and higher Māori high-end Wey sales falling above.
Two points contributed to a 5.7 percentage point decline in the company ' s q1 Māori ratio over the same period, but the ring ratio of Māori institutional investors as a share of circulation a increased by 1.4 percentage points from the 18 years and 4 quarters.
The matrix of company products is gradually improving, and the city’s share is rising steadily. In the context of the market downturn, the company’s sales of 2019q1 increased steadily, with the company’s cumulative vehicle sales of 284,000 vehicles, yoy+10.6 per cent for January-March, 232,000 vehicles, yoy+4.1 per cent, the newly launched market of the f series reacting well, f7 sales.
The company’s stock of 36,000 vans and yoy + 15% have been sold in January-March, which is a faster increase. The company’s share of nearly 36% in Picard will be the biggest beneficiary of the company’s restrictions on its entry into the city;
And the pickup is the company's highest-rich product, and the pickup sales are expected to improve the company's gross interest rate compared to the increase. The new energy brand Eurasia, launched last quarter, continues to climb up, cumulatively selling 14,000 vehicles in January-March, of which 7031 were sold in March, accounting for the total sale of new energy vehicles.
6%, with the Oela brand playing a high-growth new-energy car market of less than $100,000 and competing differently from other new-energy-source brands, this year will contribute to a significant increase. Profit expectations: companies will now have a primary goal of increasing city ownership, and Māori targets will be met at this stage.
It is expected that, with the introduction of the refinancing product, the price hub will increase and promote the sale of chinaresearchdept. expected remuneration (expected return; er) will prevail, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.