The core technology has entered into the new era of the "Strategist" (the Pacific Car 2019) event: 20 June, with the theme "Spills on the future."
The new era of the first century has begun. Three heavyweight moves have been launched.
The power-generation product is a new upgrading in the power-generation domain, showing a combination of power-intensive aggregate innovation, both in terms of power performance and in terms of energy-saving environment conservation indicators. The “one era” is more a premonition of the limitless ambition of the hive to continue technological innovation in the future.
Impartiality, comprehensive modularization + integration, effective cost reduction cycle on all technical routes of traditional motor power, hybrid power, power drive, etc.
In the same version, high-performance, micro-mixing, plug-in, ultra-low-oil consumption, etc., will be developed in modular form, with the same total market value/flow (millions of dollars) to accommodate different power requirements and 90% interoperability of all types of machines.
A 12-month maximum/minimum amount is used to effectively reduce development costs and cycles. The power drive is always used as a power generator, a controller and a decelerator.
The Great Wall car (601633) is more inverse than the industry, and the country's parts and components have shifted to system suppliers.
- 2019/06/11 - Independent operation of the Beehive, Mande Electronics, the Nobo Automobile System and the Great Wall Car (601633) " Russian Toula Plant " .
The hive is a deep-dressed motor drive and a shift to system zero, with a qualitative breakthrough in the overseas layout (a key link in the Pacific auto component industry). The Great Wall auto parts business operates independently and takes on external orders.
2019 Strategic Recommendations - 2019/06/06 It is in an open mood that longer-term development is pursued in order to gain more investment in social capital.
Investment advice: large shareholders of companies are powerful in power generation and core parts, mastering core vehicle technology, autonomous control in key areas. We expect the company to return to its home in 19-20 years.
13 times 11 times the value. Although the overall wholesale volume of the automobile industry is still low, the industry will expect a gradual recovery in demand after construction, a larger company will be more resilient, and the Wall, as an autonomous brand leader flag and pole, will continue to be recommended and maintained as a strategy.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report