Selective consumption of automobiles and auto parts is more inverse than industry, and national six-way swaps have an impact on short-term sales (Pacific Car Strategy 2019).
Suv achieved a sales volume of 494,000, pickup cards a sales volume of 8117, Ora brands a sales volume of 4541, and Orar 1 a sales volume of 3,790. National six-way swaps affected short-term sales and stock was healthy for the long term.
The six-fold effect is that some manufacturers and brands promote the stock country’s five-car model at a low price and have a more perturbing effect on the normal car market at the end retail price. As one of the better stock management companies, there is no backlog of the five-car stock in the previous period, nor is there a large-scale low price.
Marketing, with a short-term disadvantage in relation to the price of a competitor, will be phased out as the country completes the switch, while healthy stocking will contribute to the sound functioning of the distributor and to the long-term development of the company.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) f7 continues to re-engineer and add a new impetus to overseas listings.f7 as the company's newest 12-month maximum/minimum dollar
Young explosives have been on the market for more than 10,000 vehicles, and the end demand has remained strong, becoming a brand-new car after h6, with a recent configuration of f7x, the Great Wall vehicle (601633), the Russian Toula factory.
The launch, along with the production of overseas version F7 from the Russian Toula factory, has been marketed in quantities, providing a qualitative breakthrough in the pattern of the vehicle, which provides a new impetus for the future growth of the Pacific Cars, which will continue to explode.
Other suv-type sales are expected, and while sales of Wey brands are under constant pressure, future performance is expected as the next h6 (Pilling) of the Great Wall vehicle (601633) has intensified its recent branding campaign and consumer acceptance.
The Great Wall car (601633) has great potential and new energy is expected to be more than anticipated.
New models built on the platform, with both internal space and electricity performance leading the race, production of 2019 strategic recommendations) - 2019/05/15 Excellent character, either competing with aoo-grade or moving up with ao-grade vehicles
With 3,790 vehicles in May, stabilized at more than 3,000 and with potential for further upgrading, it is expected to become a market-deeper model. The new energy power of the Wall is running late, but technology has never fallen, and the products introduced are more competitive and will be available in the future.
The investment proposal is that corporate sales are expected to return to the growth path after the impact of the country’s six-way switch, but demand is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year when the industry is truly bottoming up.
Car companies with model advantages will be more resilient, and the Wall as one of the autonomous brand leading poles, and we will continue to make strategic recommendations to maintain the "buy-in" rating institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.