Quarter q3 and q4 at the bottom of the year, we think, with the f7 boom and the high F7 at the same time.
The end brand wey keeps selling more than 10,000 vehicles a month and has the potential to make further breakthroughs, and the cost-effective, low-discount vehicle-type ratio is gradually rising, and improvements in the company’s own product structure will help the company to move into profit-enhancing upscaling. And the automobile industry as a whole is now in the last round of business.
At the end of the business cycle, a new recovery is expected to begin gradually in the second half of the year, accompanied by a recovery in the industry, with the Wall car entering the double-way upwards between the company and the industry, with the promise of a “self-profit improvement + industry recovery” strike by Davis.
The company’s cumulative sales in January/February 19 were 1,808,000, with a reverse increase of 7.35 per cent, taking into account the company’s strong sales of H6 and F7, coupled with the company’s timely promotion of various types of hunger marketing, car downland, etc.
Marketing activities, which are expected to remain at the same level or at a positive rate in March, are expected to have total equity/flow (millions of shares) in the company during the quarter to be one of the few existing car firms that can sustain sales in the context of the industry as a whole.
Or for the darkest period of the automobile cycle before dawn, firms that are able to keep their size and survive the winter are entitled to the huge dividends of the recovery phase of the industry, to stay on the scale at this stage, or to be the first priority of each car company, the Great Wall ' s strategy of maintaining its size, or to be the smartest thing to do at the moment.
The company is still a car-selling, earning value, and the upward valuation (Pacific Motors 2019) is still within the reasonable range. It's always the company's top priority.
For the third year in a row, more than a million vehicles have been maintained, temporarily at the expense of some of the profits, and the Great Wall Car (601633), which is bound to be bumpy on the way up, is still the company leading the industry in earning money.
The firm conviction will finally succeed -- 2019/03/19, with millions of size-level promotions for preferential margins during the recovery of the industry, if reduced
In addition, the company is still in the early stages of the new energy sector, and cars and mpv are still in a vacuum, and we believe that the company earns high-value annual strategic recommendations through the multi-year focus suv) - 2019/03/12
In the long run, these temporary shorts are expected to provide considerable elasticity. Investment advice: considering the company’s position in 2019 in a combination of improved corporate profitability and industrial recovery, it is likely that the company will be able to make a difference.
In the tunnels, and while the f series is expected to continue to function, the original model will continue to operate, and we expect the company to make $6,031 million net profit in 19/20, while the overall automobile industry will remain low, but the company q1 sales are expected to remain strong, in addition to doing so.
Demand is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, and the Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to make strategic recommendations and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.