The Great Wall Car (601633) puts short-term pressure in the vault and waits for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Large-scale, short-term pressure on the industry. At the peak of the country’s five-cars in May, part of the distributors made a larger push to speed up the drive to the vault, while the Great Wall vehicle was made available on the basis of stock, technology, etc.
Moreover, there has been no significant sales promotion, and we expect a similar decline in corporate retail sales in May. Wholesale sales have fallen by 11.8% over the same year, while, according to FMC data, bulk sales in the passenger car industry have fallen by about 15% over the same year in May, and corporate wholesale sales have remained better than industry.
For example, f7 monthly sales were maintained at more than 10,000 vehicles, and H6+f7 combined sales of 36046, an increase of 18% and m6 sales of 2098, an increase of about 35%. Short-term sales did not change the long-term trend, and business continued to raise market shares.
However, the month of June was still at a high point, when retail sales were expected to warm and wholesale sales were expected to remain low. The main reasons were: (a) the shift of large monolithics to multi-producer systems and the introduction of new product cycles, with product competitiveness increasing and now forming four major traditional car systems, m, h, f, and wey, with f series of sales on the market.
Highlights: 2. Technology reserves support differentiated layouts, and firm-state six engine reserves are well developed to help companies complete the smooth transition of products from country five to country six. At the same time, the new engine platform (en engine platform +9dct) will be marketed by the end of 2019, providing consumers with more dynamic options; and 3, marketing continues to improve;
Starting in 2018, marketing talent was gradually introduced to compensate for the company's short-term marketing agenda. • Profit forecasting and investment advice.
1. The Great Wall car (601633) leads the suv wind and establishes an autonomous pole (2019-06-09) that has not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.