In January-March of 2019, in the interior of the country, there was a huge increase in the market of pickup q1 – a huge increase in policy benefits and potential.
The total market sales in the pickup market were 1,05956, an increase of 10.60% over the same period last year, with 1,016 more, and q1, in the larger context of the overall weakness of the automobile industry, has increased in reverse, reflecting the inherent potential of the pickup market.
De-licensing, untying of entry restrictions, and the prospect of a car-purchase subsidy in the conditional regions have been pushing the market. Moreover, China’s pickup market currently has less than 2% of the overall car market, while the United States pickup market accounts for 16% of the overall car market, and Thailand’s pickup market accounts for the country’s economy.
For the first two decades alone, the leading edge is unshakeable in the short term. Companies start with pickups, have built up their skills and brands, and have kept their leaders in the country for more than 20 years.
Longer-term maintenance of over 30 per cent, followed by 37 per cent market access in the first quarter of this year, with 39145 sales, and a further upward trend in market share. According to truck city data, total market value/flow (million yuan) for 19 years
The Great Wall is the top of the list of provinces in 31 provinces in the first quarter, with the highest/lowest percentage of municipalities in 12 months and as many as 21 provinces with 30 per cent or more, of which Ningxia, Nee Mongolia, Gilin, Gansu, Xiao.
In the seven northern provinces of West, Hebei, Shanxi and others, the city of the Great Wall is over 50%, with the highest city accounting for the Wall Car (601633), which is an open tide of F7x compared to 85.27%.
Its leadership in the pickup market is short-term strong and unshakeable.
As part of the company's undisturbed safe haven (the 2019 Pacific Car War or the lack thereof), the Picard plate continues to contribute to steady cash flow and profits, but because of the long history of the outside world, it's been a long time since it's been a long time since it's been in a state of emergency.
The labeling of the company’s suv dragons is too obvious, and the company’s pickup business is the most popular part of the Great Wall Car (601633), which is easily ignored by the market. Although it only sells about 13% of the company’s entire product, Gon does.
By season, the performance (the Pacific Car 2019 strategy) will have contributed more than 20 per cent of the profits, and since the pickup market is much more competitive than in the area of passenger cars, and costs and sales are lower, it has become Māori in the company's product series.
With higher net interest rates, the future pickup market is expected to continue to grow at a much faster rate than the cars, and to be a neglected hero behind the scenes. The “gun series” is backfired, and the pickup is becoming more high-end, multi-use, and internationalized.
Three items of the Shanghai International Car Fair's Gun Series pickup have been officially launched, with high-end and multi-use features, built under the new platform, p71, which is based on global rules, global markets, and is more competitive in terms of product and cost.
The birth of the Great Wall Pika will provide the capacity to cover the low-level areas of the high-school pica market in a comprehensive manner, enhance the company’s core competitiveness, and lead the country to a brand-new level of pika products. With the gradual liberalization of policies, the pika market is expected to open up new opportunities, and consumers to pika.
Demand will also rise in terms of quality and travel experience, and the trend towards high-end, vehicleized and internationalization of pickups is beginning to emerge!
The trend towards high-end, multiplier and internationalization has increasingly been marked by corporate influence in the pickup market, and although overall sales in the automobile industry have remained low, corporate q1 sales have remained strong. In addition, demand is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, and the Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will be
A continuous strategy is recommended to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.