There has been a significant increase in profitability, and the company's performance has been impressive \triangleright has seen steady growth in business performance and continuous improvement in the quality of business. 1) Performance has grown steadily and has been synergized.
\triangleright power. 21 years of company collection and repatriation, 21 years of grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission of electricity, electricity automation information, even if affected by the epidemic, the lack of cores, the sharp rise in commodity prices, etc.
There was a slight decline in the water-friendly business, with the main business blocks growing better. 2) The efficiency gains are evident in Deng Young-kang, and the profitability gains continue to increase.
In 21 years, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate have increased significantly, from 4.83 pcts to 26.88%, and from 9.93 pcts to the new power system, the company is expected to benefit from multiple links.
The ratio of power to electricity has continued to rise, and investments in network intelligence and digitalization have increased, and the demand for super-voltage and secondary equipment has increased. The company’s main network operations have increased at a similar rate far faster than the previous 21-year rate.
With $50.12 billion at an all-time high, an increase of 8.84 per cent over the same period, the size of the investment in the grid during the 14th Five-Year Plan is expected to increase substantially, with a structural focus, companies leading the bidding process in many areas of the national network, and a new generation of dispatch systems with a greater volume of value increases, with an orderly pilot, which is expected to benefit fully from the increase in the scale of the investment in the grid.
Implementation of the Out-of-Net Business Development Programme, which maintains a high rate of growth in off-grid operations. The company has expanded its power grid automation technology to off-grid areas such as railing, engineering, etc., and has actively promoted off-grid projects such as digitizing energy groups, smart water, sea wind, smart railing, etc.
In addition, the company has reached a level of international leadership, has implemented applications for 1700v wind currents and has deployed products such as 800v/600v rules, and is expected to contribute significant performance gains to the company in the future.
Investment proposal: The company ' s net return profits, both collected in 2021, are growing faster, and we expect the company ' s methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.