q1 performance was affected by a sharp drop in oil prices, new projects could continue to grow over a period of time 600989.sh) q1 performance was affected by a sharp drop in crude oil prices, new projects could continue to grow over a period of time, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The company published a quarterly report for 2020: operating revenue of $3.61 billion, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same year, net profit for mothers $820 million, a decrease of 19.5 per cent over the same year, due mainly to a sharp fall in global crude oil prices, which led to a rise in the prices of the company ' s products and the construction of crude oil, with the company ' s performance expected to recover and increase significantly.
. ..product price drops, company performance is being reduced and production performance is contributing hundreds of millions of yuan. This is the only positive contribution to the profitability of 2020q1, in the context of 20.9% and 16.0% respectively for polyethylene and polypropylene products, mainly due to the 600,000 tonnes/year back of the DFO project.
In November 2019, the sales of vinyl acetylene were nearly doubled. ..the original business capacity continued to expand and the new business contributed to a new growth point in the future, and the company continued to do its current business on a large scale and would build 3 million tonnes/year of coal combustible multi-products in the future.
The size of the 1.8 million tonnes Tri-Cycetylene Project (first phase 500,000 tonnes) has increased further.
In addition to this, companies are actively developing high-end high-yield products, such as polyethylene, eva, needle-like coke. In terms of new energy, 20,000 tons/year electrolytic hydrogen projects will be launched in 2020.
In addition to the company's timely addition of new product lines and investment in medical masks and protective clothing in line with the new coronary disease control, the company's first coverage report - positive layout modernity - April Coalification, priority beneficiaries of the national energy strategy
On 23 May, the company launched seven production lines for smelting material, which are expected to be operational in late May, with a capacity of 80 tons per day.