(b) The company is a leading gold company in the country that collects, selects, smelts, etc.
One, the advantages of the company’s resources and output are clear: the company owns 1011.7 tons of gold and metal reserves (100%, etc.). The company produces gold deposits, cokes, etc.
In 2019, gold reserves and mineral gold production were the second highest in the country (after the purple gold mine). According to the public gold mine, the Linglong gold mine, the Sansan Island gold mine, the Sannan gold mine, it is expected that from 2020, 608 tons of gold assets owned by the controlling shareholder Shandong Gold Group will be injected.
Many well-known large and medium-sized mines, such as flat gold deposits, have grown steadily in the size of mineral output, with an average increase of 11% in the cost of gold: the company’s total annual mineral production + 2.0% to 20%.
40.12 tons, or 12.8% of the total national gold supply, with domestic production accounting for 78% (31.1 + 1.4%) and overseas 22% (8.54 + 1.4%). Differences in gold production, both within and outside the country, are mainly related to processing, smelting and recovery rates.
The decline in grade also led to an increase in the cost of grammes, with the company ' s average annual production cost of $171.3/g, an increase of $17.4/g (+11.3 per cent) over the year, of which $193.8/g was recorded in the second half of the year, a significant increase from $149.8/g in the first half of the year.
Cost and cash costs were $1188 and $734 per ounce, an increase of 6.8 per cent and 16.7 per cent in the same year, mainly due to mines in 19 with an increase of 22.4 per cent to 2.21 tons in production ring ratio; 0.8 g/t in selected grade, the highest level in seven quarters; q4 sales cost and cash cost of $1138 and $710 per ounce, a decline of 8.4 per cent and 8.2 per cent in Bellad in 2020.
The completion of the company ' s expansion technology will drive annual mineral gold production by nearly 60 tons: taking into account the expansion of the Trisan Island gold mine by 8,000 tons/day, the expansion of the Jia gold mine by 6,000 tons/day, the construction of the New City gold mine by 8,000 tons/day and the re-engineering of the Linglong gold mine.
The company expects to produce 42 tons of gold in 2020 and is expected to make a breakthrough of 100 million tons in 2023, of which administrative costs are the main cause of the increase in the three fees due to an increase in workers' salaries of $189 million in the same year; Financial costs are reduced by 5.5 to 847 million yuan, resulting from a reduction in exchange losses. Taxes and surcharges +50.9 to 5.53 per cent of the same year.
In 19 years, the company lost $123 million in asset impairments (only $68,000 for the same period last year), mainly because of a discount of $98 million on the goodwill of Fujimori miners. Against the background of the easing of global liquidity, gold prices are expected to remain high, and short-term fluctuations will remain high over the long term.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: served as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Tandong gold (600547). The resource injection is expected to be strong and the incremental increase is expected to continue without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.