The company published its annual report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $62,631 million.
The limited public and non-mortality net profit of the Shandong gold group was $1,297 million, an increase of 46.26 per cent over the same period; the corresponding ps was 0.42/share.
Production amounted to 40.12 tons, an increase of 2.03 per cent, of which 28.72 million tons were disposed of by choice (impregnated), an increase of 16.82 per cent over the previous year. The low level of immersion by foreign companies, the fall in the company’s raw mineral position, the increase in the business cost of leading the company’s gold products, and the small increase in the Maori rate compared to the previous year.
The overall rise in the price of gold has resulted in large operating revenues and costs for the company's out-of-pocket purchases, which are among the highest in the country: the company owns 12 mines in the country, 2019.
In the course of the year, the company focused on the development of the priority projects, launching the plan for the integrated development of the Jiaojia gold belt and the Miyama gold belt, consolidating and enhancing the company’s resource reserves in the Gudong area. At the same time, the company accelerated its overseas M&As, with 50% of the company’s interests as of December 31, 2019.
The veladero mine owns 196 million tons of ore resources (detection plus control), or will become a new growth point for corporate gold resources. The company currently owns a total of about 668 tons of gold resources, 16 of which are located in China, and the total amount of gold resources has been identified.
53.13 tons, the highest in the country, have a considerable reserve advantage for gold resources. 2020 gold prices are expected to go up, corporate earnings are visible: 20 years of epidemic, global economic downward pressure is evident, and the Fed has been at zero interest rates for an extended period of emergency interest reductions, and countries continue to do so.
With a quantitative easing policy, capital returns down and risk avoidance needs are expected to boost gold prices.
Risk factors: risk of gold price volatility, risk of security management.