In 2019, the company achieved operating income of 626.31 Xu's founding value.
The increase in the value of gold has risen substantially, and the increase in the net profit from repatriation has largely been due to the rise in the price of gold, which has led to an increase in the sale of self-produced Maori (44.38 per cent in 2019, compared to the previous year +1.60 pct), which has increased significantly more than the previous year, mainly by companies during the reporting period.
Under the CSRC rules, the net gain or loss from the merger of the same controlled enterprise from the beginning to the date of the merger is a non-recurring gain or loss and is the net profit of the merged subsidiary.
The company’s gold production, profit levels, and business efficiency are leading domestic gold mining companies. Global mineral production has declined and corporate production has risen in reverse.
3,463.67 tonnes, corresponding to -1.3 per cent; domestic exposure to environmental policies, industrial supply side reforms, increased industrial integration, and the production of 314.37 tonnes of mineral gold in China, corresponding to 9.1 per cent; and, in the context of the decline in mineral production, both domestic and foreign, companies have been strengthening their industries through the constant promotion of scientific and technological innovation, the optimization of their industrial structures and the strengthening of their industries.
Production management and negative growth, with 40.12 tons of mineral gold produced during the reporting period, compared with 2.03 per cent in the previous period. The lower grade of the original minerals in Beladero, which brought down the overall gold ore grade of the company, was 1.53g/t. During the reporting period, the company-wide primary minerals level decreased by 0.06g/t compared to the same period, a decrease of 3.75 per cent.
Foreign companies (Berradro, Argentina) have low levels of immersion of minerals, reducing the overall quality. The mining of the existing mining areas in the Be Ladro gold mine is nearing completion, and it is expected that there will be an increase in grade and production once they are transferred to the new mine. The recovery rate of gold in the country's mines is 91.84%, an increase of 0.02 percentage points over the same period.
Investment proposals: the company focuses on the gold business, with gold producing the highest in the country, and gold-rich Maori accounts for more than 90 per cent of the total Māori, with nine mines under the flag located in Shandong Province, rich in gold resources: acquisition of high-quality gold from abroad, overseas expansion, increased deposits of aggressive prospecting within the country, and large stockholders of gold from Shandong.
The regiment will inject resources into listed companies, with a greater potential for increased storage; in addition, the company ' s production costs have the advantage of Gold Thematic Report II: Gold in Shandong, with higher domestic gold levels, and the overseas Belladro gold mines with new mining areas, grade and value.
Gold production is expected to increase with excellent resource endowments. A wider global response to the increased economic impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic is highlighted.
Pine’s monetary policy, and the larger fiscal stimulus, is expected to lead to a medium-term upward trend in gold prices. The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.