The distribution of the media, the expansion of advertising resources, the year-round performance, is under pressure on the parent company's net profit of $4.81 billion, an increase of 22.81 per cent from the previous year; the deduction is attributable to the parent company's share.
The net profit of the shareholders of the parent company was 1.46 billion yuan, an increase of 5.73 per cent over the same period; the cost of the expansion of the resource position, which was later attributed to the parent, was higher. The overall income level was smooth, and the cost end of the three quarters began to increase.
Point expansion and upgrades of the original little screen equipment have brought to light the firm’s three-quarter cost-side pressure. For the Maori rate, the company’s overall Māori ratio was 69.24% in the previous three quarters, with a decline in the quality of 2.58 revenues and a marked change in cash flow over the six-month period.
At the beginning of the year, it grew by $2.27 billion, an increase of 73.4 per cent, mainly due to macro-environmental impacts, which slowed the repayment cycle of the company’s core clients. Moreover, as a result of the expansion of its media resources during the reporting period, the investment cash outflows of companies for the purchase of fixed assets grew over the same period in 2017.
On the one hand, the expansion of corporate resources has led to a marked increase in the cost of major business starting in the second half, and on the other hand, while the business of the company’s building blocks has continued to grow at a rapid pace, the business of the yard lines has declined as a result of the industry’s climate.
Cost increases continue, advertising revenue falls short of expectations. Because of the median increase in corporate performance of 0 per cent throughout the year, advertising on corporate lines is affected by the mood
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, media: marketing and dissemination, Liu Xianli
1. The overall revenue collection was smooth, the cost end of the three-quarter period began to magnify 24.59 per cent growth in operating income in the first three quarters, business operations remained steady, with government subsidies of $604 million in the previous three quarters, a 6.2 per cent decrease from the same period in 2017, owing to the start of the expansion of advertising resources in the second quarter of the company and the upgrading of screen equipment in the first three quarters.
The growth in the size of the Division’s loans resulted in interest spending of $8.905 million on a year-on-year basis.
According to the latest data from the semi-annual report, by the end of July 2018, the company had formed a life-cycle media network covering some 300 cities, of which some 2,167,000 were sold in private buildings, covering some 201 cities and regions and 15 major cities in the country; about 11,000 were available for the distribution of the combined elevator television media, covering 35 cities and regions of the country, and more than the external purchase of the cooperative elevator poster media.
In addition, in July, the company forged a strategic cooperation agreement with Alibaba to work together on a brand-new online advertising system to ensure the smoothing of all advertising outlets throughout the world and to increase the value of advertising across the world; and to work together to expand the reach of ott smart television.
3. The quality of revenue collection has declined and changes in cash flows have been evident 3. Corporate receivables increased by $2.27 billion, or 73.4 per cent, over the reporting period from the beginning of 2018, mainly due to macro-environmental impacts.
As a result of the slowdown in the repayment cycle of core clients, the company ' s readiness to make bad debts has led to a 49.9 per cent increase in impairment losses on a year-on-year basis. In addition, as a result of the expansion of media resources during the reporting period, corporate investment cash flows for the purchase of fixed assets amounted to $1.16 billion, an increase of $997 million over the same period in 2017; net cash inflows into corporate operations amounted to $1.56 billion, the same amount as in the previous year.
The expansion led to a marked increase in the cost of the main business starting in the second half of the year, while the company’s business of building blocks, while still growing at a rapid pace, fell somewhat from the industry landscape. The company’s net profit of $2,088 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 included $560 million in fair value due to the loss of subsidiary control.
In addition to calculating the return on investment of the remaining shareholdings, the company ' s net return profit in 2017 was about $5.4 billion, the revenue from the poster remained at around 25 per cent, while the revenue from cinema videos dropped to 14.3 per cent, and the company ' s downside performance throughout the year reflected the industry as a whole.
Since the company started in the third quarter, the cost end was affected by the expansion of advertising resources, and the pressure has increased markedly; and as the development of cinema advertising has slowed down as a result of industry influence, we have adjusted the company profit model as follows: (2) Downward increases in advertising on the company ' s yard line;
Cost increases continued, and advertising revenues fell short of expectations.