Building media revenues have grown steadily, and countercyclical expansion has suggested that attention be paid to the company's long-term development - three-quarterly review of the press in 2018, three-quarterly press release on October 29, 2018, and 10,877 million yuan in the company's first three quarters.
(+24.59 per cent), net profits attributable to parent companies amounting to $4,810 billion (+22.81 per cent), and companies expect high growth in media revenues from parent buildings throughout the year, with industry still having a higher profile: $3,767 million (+21.94 per cent) in the third quarter, a quarter higher than that (+22.28 per cent)
The second quarter (+28.88%) did not fall significantly, and the rate of growth remains significant. Media advertising for buildings with high growth in corporate incomes remains strong, against the backdrop of a sharp fall in the same year’s average annual cost of all media advertisements, a slowdown in consumption pole performance, and a significant budget cut.
• Reverse-cyclical expansion of short-term performance, suggesting that attention be paid to the long-term growth of the company: Four quarters is expected to see a fall in corporate revenues and profits, with industry downsides and corporate expansion being the main reason. While short-term corporate business is in a difficult position, the counter-cyclical expansion of the company is based on the long-term.
(1) Reverse procyclical expansion is an important strategy to deal with new entrants into the industry and to secure a firm ' s market share; (2) active exploration by companies of the digitalization of ladders is a major strategy to respond to new trends, with the hope of enhancing the impact of traditional elevator advertising and feedback, which will help companies to identify their customers in the future.
(3) Abandoning the strategy of over-achieving profit margins and focusing on industry patterns and spaces is a healthier business.
The Division is the absolute leader of the building elevator advertising industry, and in the short term, due to changes in industry and corporate development strategies, the Māori rate of elevator media advertising has continued to rise, and there has been a certain decline, but we look forward to the long-term development of the company and maintain a “recommended” rating.
The shareholder returns plan highlights management confidence, corporate strength highlights, and net profits are expected to increase throughout the year.
Income growth in the first three quarters remained high, with companies earning $10,877 million in the first three quarters (+24.59 per cent) and $3,767 million (+21.94 per cent) in the first three quarters, and the company ' s revenue continued to grow at a faster rate; net profit from non-mortality was deducted in the first three quarters.
According to ctr, in July and August 2018, China recorded a 1.4% and 1.7% drop in advertising cases across the country, with traditional media falling by 6.6% and 6.2%, respectively, and a marked decline in the advertising industry. In the advertising industry, the overall down-swing phase of the advertising industry, the cost of advertising in elevator media continued to grow at a high rate, with the mass media receiving three quarters of the total.
The escalator advertising industry, which is still relatively popular, has grown by more than 20 per cent over the same period.2 The industry’s downside + firms have expanded rapidly, with four quarters of their performance falling (1) The advertisers are pessimistic about macroeconomic growth expectations, while the consumption poles have generally declined.
The demand for advertising has declined and the elevator advertising industry has been affected; (2) the high profile of the elevator advertising industry in 2017q2-2018q3 and the speed of the company ' s expansion, with higher incomes) (3) the rapid expansion of competitors and low-cost client-grabbing strategies, with some of the advertising budget diverting.
(1) The costs associated with the company ' s significant expansion of media resources have increased rapidly, and the additional screens have not yet contributed to revenue, leading to a significant decline in the company ' s short-term Māori rate for media operations; (2) the entry of competitors and a certain increase in the cost of leasing media in buildings;
(3) The slowdown in income growth and the sharp decline in profit margins have led to a sharp fall in short-term corporate profits. Net profits have declined slightly over the same period.
Starting in the second half of 2017, based on potential changes in the industry, the company started to expand faster, with a rapid increase in the number of media outlets. Between the second half of 2017 and the first half of 2018, the elevator advertising industry was high. The rapid expansion of the company led to a symmetrically high growth in performance, but in the second half of 2018, the industry faced an expected turning point and the company experienced one at the operational level.
Frustration, mainly as a result of (1) falling demand in the industry, resulting in a decline in corporate income, a slowdown in the return of receivables and bad debts (2) rapid expansion of the company and a rapid increase in costs associated with media resources, as well as a downward phase in the industry landscape
The slow increase in the number of new screen appearances has led to a marked decline in the overall Māori rate of media operations in the building; (3) the second growth curve is in a period of business exploration and expansion, with larger short-term inputs; and (4) the monolithic pattern has been hit by the involvement of new companies, represented by the new tide, which has led to a build-up.
(e) The company is currently experiencing some difficulties, but we believe that the countercyclical expansion of the company is aimed at the longer term.
(a) There has been a marked change in business thinking: (1) competitors, especially the new-tide media, have expanded faster and, despite the poor quality of the new-tide media, have continued to erode some of the company ' s market share and its rapid expansion is based on potential changes in the industry;
(2) Corporate media outlets have expanded slowly over the past few years, increasing profit rates by raising the rate of listing, upstream and downstream bargaining, and improving the efficiency of business management, which has led to higher profit growth, much faster than income growth. Profits have not increased in the long run, especially when industry patterns are subject to potential change.
Currently, the elevator advertising industry is facing a new trend towards the involvement of new companies and the digitalization of the ladders, and the rapid expansion of companies can further strengthen the industry by their own financial and managerial advantages, opening up new growth space by exploring a second-larger curve;
(3) Reverse-cyclical expansion is an important strategy for leading firms to consolidate their position in the industry: (4) do not seek excessive profit margins, and focus on market shares and industry expansion is a healthier development model. Performance decline is a development strategy that serves companies in the longer term.
From the point of view of income and profit growth, future corporate profits will grow less rapidly than revenues will be the norm as a result of changes in corporate development strategies, and revenue will be a more important indicator of the growth of corporate performance. The elevator advertising industry is absolutely the leader, with a short-term decline in performance as a result of changes in industry and corporate development strategies.
But we look forward to the long-term growth of the company, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The advertising industry continues to decline, the company expands too fast to create business risks, and government subsidies have fallen sharply.