The expansion of media operations, with macroeconomic and cost increases forcing performance, increased net profits by 22.81 per cent in the previous three quarters over the same period, in line with the expected performance.
Consistency with the performance forecast and compliance with expectations. In the third quarter, $3.767 billion was collected in a single season, an increase of 21.94 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate decreased in the same year and the financial cost rate increased in the first three quarters.
In terms of costs, the cost of company sales was 0.42 percentage points: interest expenditure increased mainly as a result of an increase in the loan schedules of companies and Korean affiliates, and interest charged for business development.
The decline in revenues has led to a financial cost for companies of -0.74%, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over the same period last year. Companies have continued to increase their R & D inputs, with R & D costs of 120 million yuan in the previous three quarters.
Net profits are expected to decline significantly in the fourth quarter. Companies expect (1) macroeconomic effects that slow demand growth in the sector; (2) strong market competition that leads to a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio: (3) public
The expansion of the Division’s operations has led to significant increases in the rental of media resources, depreciation of equipment, labour costs, operating costs, etc. The company’s market share is high and the industry is prominent.
The country’s largest community media platform, as of the end of July 2018, has created a network of community media covering more than 300 cities. According to the medium-term goal, the company will cover 500 cities and 5 million people.
At the end of the reporting period, Alinet's strategic equity brought the company into a new phase, with the two sides working together, the company's core competitiveness will grow again and profitability will increase.
Step-by-step, we look forward to the medium- and long-term distribution of corporate advertising media.
Theatre; macroeconomic downside risks, etc.