Revenue growth slowed down, and the expansion cycle cost ahead, and Zhang Qiangwei issued a tri-quarter report in 2018.
The downside pressure on the economy is greater, and the marginal media, which are in a position to supplement it, have been hit more strongly, adding to the overall pessimism of the 2018q4 cinema room.
In the second half of this year, the entire media, including the Internet, felt pressure from the downside of the economy on advertising, including the building media.
In general, priority is given to reducing inefficient media, as well as to adding to similar media. According to our grass-roots research, the advertising coverage of 2018q4 buildings is still high, increasing at a significant rate, reflecting a marked increase in media awareness in the buildings, which is becoming a major marketing position.
With the rapid expansion of media resources, cost pressures are beginning to emerge. 2018q3, the company’s operating costs amounted to $1,342 million, an increase of $569 million over the same period last year, largely due to the objective pressure of rapid media expansion.
Synchronization to some extent (macroeconomic well-being affects the speed of repair). The volatility of corporate profitability in the expansion and post-extension cycles is a constant situation that does not affect the cooperation of Alibaba and the rest of the crowd.
By the end of 2016, Ali’s mother was fully engaged in the development of brand data banks, uni desk, Brandhub, etc., which are all over the age of Ali’s mother.
Ali's mother has now evolved from a pure-effect ad to a true “good-for-for-one.” For Ali, this better serves branders and deepens the moat. For the public, the global marketing aipl evaluation system also provides better data support for the company's advertising performance.
With the power of data, the ability of corporate media to distribute them accurately is also expected to be significantly enhanced, with a downward impact on competitors. Disturbing medium- and long-term investment opportunities.
2.20180828 _ Rapid expansion of media resources and deepening of the moats are active in taking advantage of medium- and long-term investment opportunities in companies and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board