q3 Performance Point, Military Trades and Trades for the Future - Report of the China-China Shen Flying Point: The company issued its three-quarterly report in 2025, and in the last three quarters it achieved business income of $20.607 billion.
Shen Fei, China (stock code: 600,760) Progress of delivery accelerated, with an improvement of q3 on a par: $20.607 billion (youy-18.5%) was collected by the company in the previous three quarters, resulting in a net profit of $1,362 million (youy-oy-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o.
68.1 per cent net profit on the same date, with a significant decline in the ring ratio or due to seasonal changes in the mainframe plant. 10.8 per cent (oy-1.4 pct, qoq-1.2 pct) or changes in product structure and cost
The cost rate for the period remained stable: the company ' s cost rate for the previous three quarters was 4.0 per cent, an increase of 0.4 pcc over the same period, and the order was carried over to revenue.
The company’s inventory is $12.91 billion, a decrease of 5.1 per cent from the beginning of the year, or, in addition to the company’s order to increase the number of project implementers to increase the capacity of defence equipment: the company has set an additional $4 billion to be used for capacity-building projects such as restoration materials, titanium alloys and aircraft maintenance.
As a fund-raising entity, and using part of the fund-raising and interest earned on Shen Fei's replenishment of the company, the amount of $3.48 billion will be used to implement the fund-raising project.
Building capacity to maintain air defence equipment and achieve a vertical extension of the industrial chain, which is expected to support the company’s aviation weapons build-up, cross-development, spectrometry, and scale delivery. Structural adjustments slow down the acceleration of the main machine-type orders.
The company will benefit from the depth of the militarism. Generals of the Aeronautical Industries Group, as the core industry, are pushing for the construction of a new pattern of militarism that is mutually reinforcing in domestic and international circles.
1. The company review report of the company [Galactic Army Worker] _ the IDF Worker _ the Chinese Air Force _ Shen Fei _ the contract debt has increased significantly, building a national + international two-cycle development pattern 2. _The Galactic Worker Report of the company _ the Chinese Air Force Worker _ Shen Fei
_ Reverse gains highlight resilience, strategic deployment stocks are 15% 3. [Galaxy] company review report _ Defence Force workers _ Chinese air force _ Shen Fei _ mother-to-child net gains are growing steadily and cost-control capabilities are high
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager and complete your investment to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and then contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.