Military Trade Market — The China-China Shen Fei incident evaluation report  Three-quarter single-season net profit increases of 12.89 per cent over the same period.
The company, as the cradle of the Chinese strikers, plays a “host-led” role in reform and development and continues to improve.
Response orders increase. Cash flows from corporate operations
200 million yuan (5888 million dollars for the same period last year) for the establishment of medium- and long-term military trade development plans and the acceleration of military expansion, based on the Sipri 2025 Yearbook, 2015-2024, Global Military Support
Global military spending rose by 37% in 2024 to $2.72 trillion, a 9.4% increase compared to the previous year, reaching a record high and a decade-long increase. We believe that the geopolitically induced increases in military spending in various regions and countries are expected to open up.
The market space for militarism. The top five arms-exporting countries have evenly exported between 2020 and 2024. We believe that the United States, France or the United States will remain in the top two positions for militarism exports in the future, but because of factors such as the Russian-Turkish conflict, Russian exports will probably fall.
Other countries are expected to increase their exports. The company has fully deployed special initiatives to promote air trade, as required by the “two city sites for equipment-type 1” policy, and has set up specialized organizations to develop the 14th and medium-term military trades.
Development planning, continuous contact with target clients, accelerated development of high-end aviation equipment, which is the main development base for our aviation defence equipment, has a more competitive core and leading industry in the field of aviation defence equipment.
• M.A. Song Xiao-ho, who worked in China on securities, Chinese air securities, and completed the Chinese military champion.
The development and maintenance of a number of indicators, including a comprehensive coverage of the military-industrial sector, with many years of research experience in aerospace, military trade, non-humanized equipment, distant fires, etc., reflects my research views. I have not been, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.