Mid-2025 Reported steady growth in performance, moving into solid state Research Assistant Sun In-jung ' s corporate announcement: company to release financial statements for the first half of 2025. Business income achieved in the first half of 2025.
84,676 million yuan, an increase of 9.55 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the mother is 2,883 million yuan, a positive increase in the client structure, and the contribution of new energy sources and autonomous brands. Companies continue to promote diversification strategies and actively expand the host company ' s clients outside the steaming group. In the second quarter of 2025,
The core clients are on the public/up-to-up/up-to-up car/Byadi production ring ratio of +3%/+61%/+22%/+4% respectively, reflecting strong growth in new energy sources and autonomous brands. Up-to-air passenger household sales have stabilized, with companies increasing the value of their bicycles and expanding new customers.
Sixty-four per cent of the income from the main business comes from clients outside the upper steaming group. In the first half of 2025, the value of the home-owned branding was raised to 60 per cent of the purchase orders for the business life cycle, and the value of the new energy sources.
Ring +0.2 pct/+1.1 pct. Māori is in a recovery phase, mainly due to an increase in the size of the company's business, its size, and its cost rates are largely stable. Looking forward, as the company's client structure is diversified and cost-side controls are in place, Chinese automobiles (600741); 2024 annual report.
The net amount was $6.83 billion, an increase of 34.5 per cent over the same period; the monetary fund was $40.6 billion at the end of the second quarter, and the first quarter of & 2025: the client diversification company maintained sufficient reserves to provide a solid guarantee for future business expansion and industrial upgrading.
With steady growth, profit-making is well on hand cash, and the intelligent electrodynamics business continues to break into the solid battery track. The company intends to buy 49% of the steam and ceramic shares for $200 million, to cut into the solid battery track, to boost power drive, heat management,
Businesses such as the chassis have been synergized to help shape the future of the new energy industry chain. The three smart platforms of the company have further focused on head-to-head customers and priority vehicles.
Review: The neutralization strategy continues to move forward, and performance is the result of a profit projection and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s revenue forecast for 2025-2027 that the price of vehicles exceeds expectations.
Three major financial forecasts for Chinese automobiles: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.