Run a steady, small run, empty, and new products are on a performance rating for the second half of 2025.
Net cash flows from corporate operations during the first half of the year amounted to $6,826 million, representing a 34.5 per cent increase over the same period, reflecting an increase in actual efficiency gains and the ability to repay.
Long, thanks mainly to the domestic heating of the car market and the company’s expansion of its business with its customers outside the industry.
Current revenue is $61,549 million, compared to +10.91 per cent; functional plate sizes are growing at the fastest rate, with a small decline in the Māori income of 136.39 ha1, mainly due to changes in industry competition patterns and customer structure Māori rates are declining by 5.71 pct to 9.14 per cent; and the marginal Māori rate of q2 has improved, largely as a result of the decline.
In the first half of 2025, non-upload group clients earned 63.7% of their income (e.g., millet, question line, Biadi, etc.), and the client diversification strategy effectively reduced the single risk of dependence. Companies focused on new trends in the expansion of new projects, and newly acquired full-time.
In life cycle orders, new energy vehicles account for more than 80% of the business and domestic self-owned brands for more than 60%. Zero-pressure seats, smart steering wheels, mood lights, etc., get a full complement of cars, Gilly cars, and China as partners; power drivers and core components.
(a) The targeting of projects such as the general, upper, Chiri, and intelligent cars, as well as the active expansion of business opportunities for clients such as Volvo, Cyrus, Chang An, Gilly, etc.; and the targeting of a full-sized customer ' s car, such as the electric compressor ' s new cargo race, Lis, Avita, Volkswagen, an ecological car-making enterprise, etc.;
The word-to-word lights are new to the target of the auto-Audi, mass security, etc., and continue to drive the national production chip application project. The three smart platforms have deepened their strategy and the forward layout solid-state batteries have opened up new space. The company continues to promote the three big smart platforms' strategic layout.
(b) The smart chassis platform, with the goal of building an integrated, intelligent chassis integration platform, to be proposed.
Acquisition of 5.3 per cent of the combined auto electron equity at no more than $155 million, consolidation of key resources such as line control shifts, line control moves, enhancement of system integration capabilities, and formation of an autonomous and manageable industrial chain for the chassis system; intelligent power platforms, outside the area of thermal management and power-driven systems, are proposed to acquire 49 per cent of the share of the Conservative Ceramic Power, with the first transfer to the solid state power.
The pool area, designed to build a full chain of capabilities from the core to the pack, will open up new paths for future development. Investment proposals: We believe that companies will grow in the second half of the year, 1) clients, downstream of the world, rice, etc.
End, smart space upgrade: screen products, smart surface technology continuously upgrades, coupled with multiple high-end new energy vehicles (e.g. m9, millisu 7) with a single-car value of over $20,000. Power-driven systems Release: products such as power drives, battery trays, etc. are delivered to mainstream vehicles, and new operations are completed “from zero to zero”.
1” layout, into the "1-n" phase of crawling. Forty-nine percent of the stock is to be acquired at $206 million to move into solid battery research and development, and the next generation of battery technology is to be strengthened in synergy with the existing power-driven systems. In addition, with improved cash flow from the company and reduced pressure from the upper gas group, the red power is expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.