In the second quarter, the main industry ring is up, looking forward to the process of internationalization of the Australasia airport, transport and logistics, and the Consistency Holdings disclose a forecast of their performance for the first half of 2023, which is expected to yield a net profit of 40.2-422 billion to the mother in the first half of the year.
There has been a remarkable improvement in the fast-forwards industry. Soybean holdings are huge, split: branding and statute of limitations barriers, and single-ticket prices remain the strongest.
The company ' s operations were dominated by international logistics, with a substantial downturn in international container prices since the third quarter of 2022, resulting in a loss in the profitability of the logistics sector, and on 29 June 2023, the Garrett logistics company released an advance at the Port Unit.
22H1 made a profit of HK$23.72, but its core net profit was HK$290 million in May this year. Shunfong Hong Kong: first half of this week's advance.
At the same time, according to the polar rabbit caller, the stockholding is 1.54%. We expect that the net transfer will also contribute to the first half of the year’s performance.
However, to date, companies have not set a specific timetable or a specific programme. If this matter is to be found in the future, it will contribute to the long-term enhancement of the company’s financing capacity, as well as to its internationalization.
Consider the speed at which the statute of limitations increases and the potential for development of the airport in Orzhou. Corporate capital spending amounted to $2.93 billion in one quarter, a 17 per cent decline in the same year, a decline in the ratio of income to capital expenditure was conducive to higher profitability, and the ratio of income to capital expenditure is expected to continue to decline in 2023.
Sufficiency Holdings (002352, sz) - Recovery of Timeline Express Demand, a quarter-time delay in performance. We believe that in 2023 we benefited from a macroeconomic and consumption recovery, and that the speed of prescription increases are expected. Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz)-22q4 have a stable performance and 23-year elasticity of performance.
From a medium- to long-term perspective, the company's Orzhou airport has considerable potential for development, and it is expected that it will become operational in the third quarter of this year.
Growth in revenue from operations such as transport, supply chain, etc.; 2) contribution to lower air transport costs. Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) - smooth and efficient operations, two-quarter profit loops positive. Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) - two-quarter profit loops positive growth and business start-up
Investment proposal: maintain the profit forecast unchanged and maintain the “buy-in” rating. Maintain the profit projection, disclose the performance forecast for the first half of 2023, and expect a net profit of $40.2-422 billion from the mother in the first half of the year. Figure 2: Discount of non-net profit and acceleration in the first quarter of the surplus (in billions)
There has been a remarkable improvement in the fast-forwards industry. Soybean holdings are huge and fragmented: branding and statute of limitations barriers, with single-ticket prices remaining the strongest.
The company's operations are dominated by international logistics, which are subject to a substantial downward trend in international container prices from the 2022rd quarter, with the loss of the profitability of the logistics sector, and on June 29, 2023, when Garry Logistics released a advance to the Port Unit, with the Group's 22h1 profit of 23.72 Hong Kong dollars, but the core net profit was only 290 million Hong Kong dollars in the first half of May this year.
20231, the most stressful quarter, is expected to pick up gradually in the second half of the year.
At the same time, according to the polar rabbits, they hold 1.54% of the shares. We expect that the net transfer will also contribute to the first half of the year’s performance.
However, to date, companies have not set a specific timetable or a specific programme. If this matter is found in the future, it will contribute to the long-term enhancement of the company’s financing capacity, as well as to its internationalization.
The annual income share of capital spending will continue to decline. The 2022 time-limit growth has been delayed by the epidemic, and we believe that the speed of the time-limit increase is expected to be significantly repaired in 2023, as a result of a recovery in macroeconomics and consumption.
In the third quarter of the year, it will: 1) help to increase the rate of revenue from operations such as prescription express, express delivery, supply chain, etc.; 2) optimized air network to help lower air transport costs; investment proposal: maintain a profit forecast and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Maintain a profit forecast, and expect a profit projection.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject