Sufficiency Holdings (002352.sz) Rapidly growing logistics operations and significant increases in net return profits
Revenues from the 2023h1 single vote are stable, and speedier logistics operations are growing faster. The company ' s 2023h1 quick-moving logistics plate collects $92 billion, while yoy+13.4 per cent (the company completed the cut-off of the network in June, if not network, yoy+18.3 per cent) and the company ' s operations are growing rapidly with a high-time, high-quality service.
Yoy-0.6%. The average express price has been declining steadily since the beginning of the year, but the company's single ticket revenue has been almost flat, and the main one would have been more efficient if the company had kept a healthy product structure and a business model for matching different products.
More focused on mid-to-high-end markets, we believe that the second half of the year will continue to be more resilient than the industry. 2023q2 supply chains and international operations are stable. Supply chains and international plates generate $28,860 million, equivalent to a 38.0 per cent decline, largely influenced by international air and sea transport demand and prices, but they are now on the same scale.
The portfolio of products has recovered somewhat since the second quarter of the year. In the long run, there has been a trend towards a surge in shipping out of the sea, during which companies have continued to build the time-limited competitiveness and high value-added advantage of South-East Asian products flowing to the express.
We look forward to overseas operations becoming the corporate “second growth curve.” The company's Māori ratio has increased. 2023h1 has increased the Māori rate from 1.00 pcts to 13.52% on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the company's improved utility structure, continued multi-connectivity and transport costs.
On the cost side, the sales cost was 1.12%, an increase of 0.14 pcts, a rise of more than the cost, and a slight increase in profitability. The net profit on express masters doubled, and the net profit on return to the mother significantly increased.
389 million yuan, yoy + 1,812 million yuan, but in fact the company's courier industry showed a significant increase in profitability, contributing to the company's total profits (64.15 per cent last year). Supply chain and international operations suffered a net loss of 308 million yuan (1,689 million dollars over the same period last year), but Gari Logistics and its son-in-law were responsible for the business.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The current industry focus on service end-of-service upgrades and cost-side optimization, and the firm-to-business model has advantages and will continue to benefit from cost optimization from fine-tuning operations in the future. In addition, the company has submitted applications to Hong Kong to facilitate international business expansion.
This report was prepared by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or re-issued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate of description in the report; @ comment or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.