Companies are in the first half of the scale effect, q2 performance is in line with expectations: companies are in the first half of the scale effect under network restructuring and product structure optimization, and the logic of improved performance is further validated year by year.
Reasserting that network restructuring and product restructuring are effective and sustainable business decisions that bring the scale effect of firm prices compared to the depth of 300 will become apparent year by year, and we judge that companies are at the top half of the scale effect.
Reconstructing is a central manifestation of capacity enhancement, a prerequisite for maintaining medium- and long-term competitiveness, and, above all, for product formation, the basis for sustained adjustment and further opening up of income growth space. Looking back, in the first half of 2023, companies achieved three important performances.
Clarity, selling the turbonets to polar rabbits, integrated into the conglomerates (1.54% shareholding). In the future, domestic operations may be able to use the turbo rabbits for strategic defense, and companies themselves can focus more on the middle-end and high-end track. International operations may explore the operational level of cooperation and increase efficiency of outreach.
Finally, the income end further improves the competitiveness of products, 1. Capabilities increase resonance with improved demand, wait-for-business network accommodation and operating better than expected; labour costs increase; and macroeconomic growth slows down;
3. Favourable points assessment (002352.sz): the growth of network excellence is not as high as expected; price competition is increasing; oil prices are rising, etc. Overlaying operations are expected to lead to sustained performance improvements
Internet companies, financial and industrial combinations, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.