The profit increase is slightly higher than the performance ceiling, and there is still more to see in the second half of the year — the Cullen six-monthly review: the company issues semi-annual reports and the profit increase is slightly higher than the performance ceiling.
On 24 August 2020, the company released its report for the first half of 2020, which stated that the operating income of the 2020h1 company was 1.723 billion yuan, representing a net profit of 3.675 billion yuan for the mother and $719 million (+24.55 per cent) for the non-post net profit for the mother.
The company completes the sale of grindr, resulting in investment returns of 2,948 million yuan and non-recurrent gains and losses of approximately 2,956 million yuan.
The most significant revenue-producing game of the company in the first half of the year was Tribal Conflict, a game run by company agents, which contributed $153 million. Tribal Conflict, a game that was well received both at home and abroad for Supercell, with a population of about 15 million active users in 2020h1 and a quarterly apru.
Eighty-five dollars. Because of its super-high visibility, the company pays less for marketing, and the game also brings greater profit to the public. On self-researching games, authorized by Daewoo, the Gameark Regiment has the lowest/highest (in yuan):
The Team developed a mobile version of the Qingchang Chi Man, which was launched at the end of March on the ios and droid platforms in mainland China; and the official tour of the bleach border-spirits: Shinigami continues to operate in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao, with revenue contributions amounting to $105 million and active use.
In the second half of the year, the company plans to go on line q3 and the moorpg game, The Tower of the Holy Land, q4 and the Euro-American market.
In addition, the company is also working on a multi-srpg and slg game. In terms of investment returns, the company is now also investing in projects such as technology, ponyai, onion mathematics, and a lot of fintech, unmanned and online education.
In one area, companies may continue to maintain higher-quality investment returns in the future. • Continue to watch the game business and the Internet platform operating investment projects, maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Development of Opra and the company’s overseas operations.
"Grindr's stock transfer is progressing well, keeping a good eye on the company's global Internet platform values" 2020-05-15. "Performance forecast meets expectations, enhances the game business.
Towards a Global Internet Platforming Operation 2020-01-20