The industry's high-profile network of products captures excess gains - SkyFoot Communications (300394.sz) from the Chinese tune of 'technologyfirst', and the company's position is on the whole solution of the light device.
On 20 February 2021, we thought that the company was based on the following two reasons:
The company can enjoy the Beta gains from the industry's high profile. The company's industry is the light module industry, and Cao Xute's downstream is mainly 5g and cloud computing.
Yang Weisong built 580,000 stations, and is expected to build at least 1 million new stations in 2021, an increase of more than 70% over the same year. If the outbreak is alleviated abroad, the 5g base station will be expected to restart.
Cloud computing market growth is certain. Downstream cloud service providers are expected to increase their capital spending by 10% in 2021, and cloud computing infrastructure service markets will continue to grow strongly. 200g/400g high-speed light modules are starting to rise. Data centres are upgraded to leaf ridge capping structures, bringing light modules.
2. Companies are upstream in less competitive industries, relying on product networks and customized services to capture Alpha gains. • Firms are upstream in light communications, with less competition, and cagr is much higher than industry.
In the interim, the company collected 21.4 per cent of cagr, which was significantly higher than 10.8 per cent of the industry, and the industry, which had a particularly high risk of falling light module prices. The company was located in the industry, with less competition and a lower risk of falling product prices.
Companies have developed 15 product lines and eight solutions from a single product line, relying on their own R & D and external M & As. Multiple product lines have been scaled up, and harvests tend to diversify.
Companies provide a wealth of customized services to their clients and are more profitable. The upstream products of the light module industry are non-standardized and diverse, and companies can offer customers a range of customized products and solutions that can obtain higher R&D premiums and have stronger bargaining power.
1. Fibre communication: The total solution provider of the optical device 1.1 Ceramic tubes has been expanding over the past 15 years, starting with the ceramic tubes, 15 vehicles upstream of deep-farming communications, and now has 15 product lines and eight solutions.
In 2005, the company’s predecessor, Su Tianfu Precision Ceramics Ltd., was established, with the main product being a ceramic condom. The country’s ceramic tubes, which had previously been imported mainly from foreign manufacturers such as Kyeongcao and Tota, was one of the leading companies in the country in mastering the sophisticated manufacturing of the ceramic caps, which has also succeeded in replacing the product with national production.
In 2015, the company was successfully listed on the business board. Then the company, through in-house R & D and extended M & As, continued to expand its product lines and now has 15 major products available to downstream light module customers, as well as eight Xianfu Ceramics Ltd.
• The company's share has been changed to Suzhou Tianfu Light Communications Co. Ltd.
• The Jiangxi An Tianfu Industrial Park was inaugurated, the plastics product line was set up, and the company was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board.
• Establishment of the Suzhou Research and Development Centre — Osaodm/oem product line production — Jiangxi Tianfu technology, Suzhou Tianfu precision
• Production of fibre optic lenses/separators/wire connectors
• In collaboration with the Aidi strategy, acquisition of its Pearl Sea awg product line, expansion of Jiangxi production, establishment of United States and Hong Kong subsidiaries, expansion of overseas sales and R & D operations, and construction of an additional high-speed light engine project for 5 g and data centres
• Full acquisition of Arctic Photovoltaic (Shenzhen) Ltd., acquisition of optical plating techniques, full acquisition of tff cliques in Japan, and research and development capacity for lanammy-grade mold 1.2 Stock structure stabilization subsidiary to fill the gap
The company’s equity structure is stable, and its subsidiaries are responsible for different operations. The company’s chairman, Mr. Zou, and its general manager, are married, with both holding 40.6% of the shares and actually controlling the company. The firm’s equity structure is stable, helping policy makers to formulate long-term development policies and ensure continued stability.
(a) A subsidiary with the following main operations:
74.5% of Tianfu's stockholdings are sophisticated and realized; The product of the Suzhou Tianfu Young Federation is the mt series of multi-chip connector products, and the company acquired 49% of the remaining stockholdings of the Tianfu Young Federation minority in January 2021;
The Arctic Photovoltaic Major Camp is a photoplating series of products, and the company acquired the Arctic Photovoltaic Equity Incentive in August 2020 to enhance core team cohesion. In January 2021, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme to award 2.021 million shares at a price of $40.55 per share.
Of these, 240 are core technicians, as can be seen from the importance that companies attach to the core technical backbone. The test of equity incentives is extreme, targeting high performance standards, bringing together shareholders, companies and core teams to focus on the corporate equity structure and subsidiaries.
Corporate revenue has grown steadily, higher than industry growth. From 2011 to 1999, corporate compound revenues have increased at an average annual rate of growth, mainly as a result of lower sales prices for main business products, ceramic tubes, and lower demand for fibre optic adapters. We use the growth rate of the global market in light modules as a growth rate for the industry, together with the company.
A comparison of the growth rate of the harvest shows that the combined annual growth rate of corporate revenue was significantly higher than that of industry by 21.4 per cent. In 2019, the growth rate of the industry was much higher than that of industry, reaching 31 per cent in 2018, as a result of a sharp drop in the price of light modules.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are starting to stabilize. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are kept constant at 50% and 30% per year, largely consistent with the magnitude of the decline, mainly due to competition in the market where some of the company’s products are located, and industry.
Both the sharp drop in sales prices for downstream light modules and the push to upstream products contributed to a higher drop in sales prices, while after 2018 the net interest rate and the Māori rate of companies began to stabilize.
The Māori rate is much higher horizontally than the average Māori rate in the industry, although it is much higher than the average Māori rate in the industry. While Māori rates in the company are much higher than average horizontally compared with other enterprises in the industry.
The rate has largely benefited from the following: The reduction in supplier concentration has contributed to the stabilization of raw material procurement costs over the years. The low concentration of upstream suppliers of companies can increase the bargaining power of companies in purchasing materials and reduce fluctuations in the cost of raw materials.
Starting with a small product like ceramic tubes, the company's craftsmen have made, refined, and strived to achieve the highest rates, thereby reducing the high cost of bad products. The commercial model of purchasing raw materials + self-processing is less costly. Compared with the model of directly purchasing semi-finished products/finished products.
Efficient management will optimize the cost to the end. Companies have a significant impact on engineering management, especially in terms of processing and optimizing the process of end-of-life products.
Companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, and the results are remarkable. Companies focus on R & D, and they do not waste investment in R & D costs and R & D personnel, and their R & D inputs and the number of R & D personnel and their share, all of which keep growing steadily from year to year, and are clearly at the forefront of competing companies.
By the first half of 2020, companies had 138 special gains, significantly higher than the patents of peer-to-peer optical devices. More than half of the company’s 15 product lines were built through in-house research and development, and the company’s eight solutions were developed through research and development.
Higher value for money, good image in industry, with no higher cost in sales; on the other hand, companies also maintain older users and develop new users in an efficient way in marketing services. There are three main ways to develop new users:
Participation in fairs to raise the image of companies, such as the major fairs in the light and communication industry,ofc (the light network and communication research fair and the exhibition) and cioe (the China International Photovoltaic Expo).
To drive new customers through the old customer. To improve customer satisfaction, based on the provision of quality products and services to the old customer, the older client takes the initiative to recommend new users to the company and acquire new business; To open up markets. To obtain information from potential customers, to contact the customer and to introduce the company by various means.
In recent years, companies have established subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Japan, and the United States, actively expanding their clients abroad.
So, in recent years, corporate overseas receipts have been increasing. Overseas customers have high demand for product performance and reliability, and are less price-sensitive to products, and most of the products they need are custom-made products, so the list of products they sell out.
Prices are higher, and the Māori rate is significantly higher than domestic sales. 2. The industry’s beta gains are firmly captured by the head of the upstream communications industry. The company is located upstream in the light module industry, where competition is much less intense.
Source chip, passive chip/assembly and electrochip are made up, while upstream suppliers can provide light engine replacements Business, light engine integration with source chip and no-source device. The light module is divided into data communications light module and telecommunications network light module, depending on the application scenario, and the corresponding downstream customers are cloud service providers and telecommunications equipment, respectively.
Vendors. Competition among suppliers upstream of the light module is far from the level of competition among module manufacturers, and companies, as upstream champions, can maximize the benefits of the industry’s high profile. Figure 12: Upstream and downstream industrial chains of the light module
2.1 The high market profile of the module is expected to be positive in the future. The future high growth rate of the market for the module is highly certain. According to statistics from the statistical agency Lightning, the combined annual growth rate of the market size of the global module for the period 2010-2016 was about 17 per cent, compared to 2017-2019.
The growth rate has been low, or even somewhat downward, over the three years of the year, with price cliffs falling mainly in light modules, such as the average price of the 100-ge light module from $6/gbps in 2016 to $3/gbps in 2018. The price of the unattended module will slow down somewhat, and is expected to return to the historical average of 15-20%.
With the build-up of downstream cloud computing and the height of 5g, we expect the light module industry to have a market size of $6.2 billion in 2020, a 13 per cent increase over the same period, an increase of $7.2 billion in 2021, and an increase of 2.2 cloud computing driving the light module market.
Explosive growth in the flow of mobile and sequestered data, the strong demand for the digital transformation of traditional government firms, the flood of data generated by the end of the network of billions of people, and the solid underpinning of cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence and block chains, drive the growth of cloud computing markets to a higher level of prosperity. According to the gartner statistical agency,
Measuring data released in November 2020, global expenditure on public cloud services end-users reached $257.5 billion in 2020 and will rise to $30.5 billion by 2021, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period; based on the forecast of Said consultants, the market is now showing a high profile and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
The company ' s number of optic modules provides the necessary passive optical devices, while also providing high-speed optic engine solutions. The speed of luminous modules has been upgraded earlier than the telecommunications luminous modules, and the company is now able to provide not only the 100g speed rate that exists, but also the important non-sourcers of the luminous modules under which they are available, but also a variety of high-speed luminous modules, such as 200g/400g.
Unsourced devices and solutions. 2.2.1 Downstream cloud computing service plants continue to grow in revenue and expenditure.
Growth, while firms are actively increasing capital spending to meet larger market demand in the future. On the revenue side, North American cloud service providers increased their revenues by the same year in 2020, with Amazonaaws, Microsoft Smart Clouds, and Google Clouds earning $11,667 million, or 27.3 per cent, of their total revenue.
With high capital expenditure benefiting the Amazon in 2020, total capital expenditure for Amazonaws, Microsoft Smart Clouds, Google Clouds and Facebook four North American cloud service providers amounted to $95.13 billion, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the same period, and with the continued strong demand for cloud computing, we expect total capital for North American cloud service providers in 2021.
This expenditure is expected to increase by 10 per cent. The Amazon aws services account for $45.37 billion in 2020, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same year; and capital expenditure of $40.14 billion, an increase of 138.1 per cent over the same year, which accounts for about 10 per cent of the revenue of the aws amounted to the Amazon.
With half of the net profit, and Andy Jesse, head of the game, becoming the Amazon's ceo, we assume that the future aws will be one of the most important strategic directions for the Amazon. The US dollar, a 29.9% increase over the previous year, is not a tangible gain for Microsoft, but for Microsoft, though it does not reveal a specific harvest of azure.
We see a 50% increase in revenue from the 2020q4 azure cloud platform. We predict that Microsoft, which is stable and stable, will continue to stabilize its capital spending in 2021.
In the United States dollar, there was a 5.4 per cent decline in the same year, and companies were cautious about their capital expenditures in 2020 because Google Clouds had not been profitable. But the long-term trend has been better with the expansion of company services. Facebook’s capital expenditure in 2020 was $15.12 billion, almost the same as last year.
Capital expenditure is projected to be between $21 billion and $23 billion in 2021, an increase of 38.9 per cent ~52.1 per cent over the same year, mainly for continued investment in data centres, servers, network facilities and office facilities, and in the domestic cloud services market, although the domestic cloud computing service provider started slightly later than the North American company.
It is a trend of rapid growth that also shows a huge and rapidly expanding market for domestic cloud computing. Aliun, whose revenue for the third quarter of the 2021 fiscal year was $16.1 billion, a 50% increase in the same year, adjusted pre-distribution profits for after-tax depreciation. April, this year, offered to invest 200 billion in new technologies and new infrastructure to support Aliun for the next three years.
The harvests of the cloud were not listed separately, but in 2019 they exceeded $17 billion, and in May of 2019 they announced that they would invest $500 billion over the next five years in the further layout of the new infrastructure. The growth rate of the cloud is also strong, with 16.2% of the country spending on the infrastructure of the cloud, according to Canalys.
2.2.2 Cloud computing leads to high infrastructure prosperity The construction of data centres accelerates and capital expenditures are expected to return to high growth. According to the Synergy agency, the number of megadata centres worldwide grew to 597 in 2020, twice as many as in 2015.
At least 219 data centres are in the planning or construction process. It is worth mentioning that the global share of mega-data centres is only 10%, only a quarter of the United States, and therefore has a very large market outlook for the domestic data centre production chain.
The recession has reduced spending on data centres to just 2% over the year, but the dell'oro agency is still happy, with more than a 10% increase projected for data centres in 2021. Cloud infrastructure spending has been growing at a high rate.
By 2020q4, spending on global cloud infrastructure increased rapidly, to $39.9 billion, or 32%. By 2020, total expenditure on cloud infrastructure services amounted to $142 billion, compared to $107 billion in 2019, an increase of 33%.
Annual cloud infrastructure expenditure increased by 11.1% to $74.1 billion, while non cloud infrastructure expenditure will decline by 11.4% to $60.2 billion. In the long run, cloud infrastructure expenditure is expected to reach $11.5 billion in 2024, resulting in an average annual compound growth rate of 10.6% over the next five years.
The current high profile will provide a very large market for upstream light-module manufacturers. 2.2.3 Data centre top-up structure will lead to the upgrade of light-based modules.
The traditional three-storey structure is the access layer, the convergence layer, and the core layer. To achieve inter-server communication, we have to pass through our respective three-storey servers, with significant longer transmission times and reduced efficiency.
In addition, the traditional three-storey structure is no longer able to meet the growing demand; while the flat-leveled spinal structure, with its high bandwidth utilization, network delay, predictability, expansion, transparency, safety, reliability and accessibility, immediately became a new data centre.
At the same time, the new piping structure imposes higher demands on the number of light modules and the bandwidth of transmissions. In general, the number of light modules used in the data centres of the ridge structure is 15-30 times that of the traditional three-storey structure. And the speed of light modules will be raised from 10g/40g/100g to 40g/100g/ 400g.
The gradual upgrading of the centre from a three-storey structure to a leafy ridge structure and the rapid growth in the number of new data centres are undoubtedly a very positive signal for the light module market.
In the month, the Ministry of Information and Communications issued a circular on accelerating the development of 5g, focusing its efforts on 5g networking, extension, technological development and security, with the full impact and motivation of the new 5g infrastructure, supporting high-quality development. The construction of the country’s infrastructure began at a rapid pace.
There are 580,000 construction sites, and 78,000 have been opened. Minister of Trade and Finance, Shao Yaqing, reported on the national communications network in 2021, and China's wide power is expected to build 400,000 base stations based on the 700-mhz frequency in 2021, together with China's mobile presence, to achieve wider coverage.
The company ' s two fixed-increment plans cover the operation of the pre- and medium-release modules, respectively. The company ' s last-increment plan is mainly for coax high-speed optical components, light separators, and so on. The project focuses on the pre-release 5g module, where about one third of the equipment inputs for 2020h1 have been completed and the capacity realized has reached 85%.
The plan can be applied to the 5g echo high-speed light module, providing both the solution for the high-speed light engine and the high-speed light engine zero component. 2.3.15 g carries the network performance upgrade light module to the high-speed rate.
The 5g-carried network is the basic network that provides network connections to the 5g wireless access network and the core network, and its network structure can be divided into urban access layers, urban convergence layers and core layers to achieve the functions of the 5g forward, center and echo. ISO 3gpp defines three major applications for 5g: enhancing mobile broadband (emmb),
Super-high and reliable low-time connections (urllc) and big machine-type communications (mmtc). To meet the needs of these three applications, the network will have to undertake more data transfer tasks, with higher requirements for the number and speed of 5g network light modules.
The speed of the light module with the 5g network will generally increase significantly on a 4g basis. The pre-fiveg transmission module will use the 25g rate as the typical rate. The 5g return covers the urban area access layer, the confluence layer and the core layer, where the access layer and the confluence layer will mainly use the grey or color light module at a speed above 25g, 50g, 100g, etc.
The core layer will use more high-speed colour modules like 100g, 200g, 400g. The high-speed light module will have higher unit prices and Māori. The number of 5g-era light modules will increase significantly compared to the 4g. The frequency of the 5g network is higher than the 4g.
High, low wall penetration, short transmission distance, so that the number of base stations used by 5g is clearly greater than 4g. According to our projections, the number of base stations used by 5g is about 1.2 times that of 4g. The number of light modules in single base stations is about 1.5 to 2 times that of 4g, and the number of forward transmission modules of 5g will be about 1.5 to 2 times that of 4g.
1.8 - 2.4 times as high as 4g. The return in 5g will also result in more than a million high-speed light modules. 2.3.2 Small base stations are expected to bring new growth points, “Magic stations are dominated and small base stations are supported”, and the construction of a network is expected to become the main deployment point for the 5g network.
. The frequency of 5g is high and the signal penetration distance and coverage is smaller; while in the hotspot area, the need for a base station arises when the base station does not meet the needs of the region’s 5g users. The 4g network uses the base station + traditional room subsystems to achieve full internal and external signal coverage, while entering into the 4g deployment.
During this period, the traditional room subsystems have more difficult maintenance and construction challenges, and because of their unsuitability to the 5g frequency, the das system cannot be upgraded to support real-time surveillance and security, the traditional room subsystems cannot support the need for intergenerational coverage at 5g.
The market for the small base stations of the 5g era is vast and is expected to reach hundreds of billions of levels in the future. According to data from dell'oro, the global market size of the small base stations will reach $25 billion over the next five years, amounting to about 160 billion yuan.
One-and-a-half times the growth rate, which is much higher than the growth rate at the same time. This optimism is supported by two data sources: Base Stations, which account for more than 10 per cent of the global market for mobile communications wireless access networks; The global total income ring for small base station equipment suppliers increased by 20 per cent in the second quarter of 2020.
The global market for small indoor base stations will reach $1.8 billion in 2021, according to the Research Institute. 3. Cross-sectional business networks capture alpha gains by 3.1 horizontal extension of product lines.
Market-oriented, in-house, to develop new product lines. The company initially had only ceramic tubes, and then the company had market-oriented lines of products, including cnc precision metal articles, product lines, product lines for optical and transient components, Ozaodm/oem, fibre optic adapter product lines, box/to
Product lines, fa/pm product lines, sequester product lines, molding product lines and high-speed light engine product lines, etc. Companies upgrade existing product lines to provide important components in higher-speed light engines of 400g/800g in the future, including mt, fa, pm and awg.
Figure 21: Corporate product maps Companies take M & As to fill the gap in their product lines. The light communication industry has been competitive in recent years, leading companies have taken M & As to achieve one.
The company is also very active in the M&A market. In 2018, the company acquired aadi’s Pearl Seaawg.
Product lines, access to awgwafer resources, together with the ability to produce awgmux/demux product lines and provide solutions; full acquisition of tff cliques in Japan in April 2020 and design capacity of lensarray nanoscale precision molds; full acquisition of Arctic PV (Shen Shenzhen) in June 2020
Limited, with high-end optical plating capability, acquired 49 per cent of the remaining shareholdings in 2021 to achieve full equity, and the main business of the Federation is the cable connector product. 3.2 Vertical extension technology depth
Companies rely on complete product chains to provide a rich vertical solution for their customers. Downstream customers usually need to customize products, and through in-depth discussion of product drawings, companies will come up with their own solutions to help their customers improve their performance and reliability and reduce the cost of their products.
The experience of providing solutions, coupled with a more solid product line base and long-term sedimentation technology, has provided clients with a wealth of passive/active vertical integration solutions, including high-speed coax optical envelope programmes, box wrapping programmes, awg product programmes, etc.
In close cooperation, a package of high-speed light engines in the 400g light module can now be provided, including laser chip stickers, low-damaged circuit coupling, etc.. With the planned landing, 480,000 laser chips can be fully produced and integrated into high-speed light engines. The industry has also started pre-researching and sample setting for the 800g light module.
In the field of silicon light, companies can offer silicon light devices, wrapping programmes, and low-damage coupling programmes for silicon light devices, while at the same time they are active in the development and development of co-encapsulation opticals.
Profit predictions and investment proposals High weather in 2021, downstream cloud computing plant expenditures continued to grow steadily. 2021, high-speed light modules such as 200g/400g began to be delivered in bulk, based on light counting
According to data, we expect the 400g light module market to grow by more than 50% in 2021. On the other hand, the total spending for the entire year 2021 will continue to grow, as shown by the expenditures of North American cloud service providers. I will continue to benefit from the company’s unsourced and source-substitute operations, with a high unit cost of 200g/400g.
In December 2020, the Ministry of Industry and Communications gave guidance on the construction of 5g base stations in the country in 2021, and will build at least 600,000 base stations next year.
After obtaining a high-quality spectrum of 700mhz, 400,000 base stations will be moved to China. We expect to build at least 1 million new stations in the country in 2021, an increase of more than 70% from 2020. At the same time, we anticipate that if the epidemic is reduced abroad, the 5g capital market will be reopened.
Small base stations are also expected to open up new markets by 2021. The annual revenues are $523 million, an increase of 18.1 per cent, and the 2020 q1-q3 battalion, an increase of $656 million.
The six-year experience of working in the light communication industry, which joined the Port Shin securities in December 2020, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.