Energy International (600011.sh) has improved profitability, with a significant increase in new energy performance, combined with a decline in the ratio and a rise in the price of electricity, affecting the impact of increased profits on electricity operations in the country.
According to the plate, the total profits from coal-fired blocks in the company - 70 million yuan - continue to grow faster than in the same year, and the prices of new energy sources on the Internet have increased only slightly. 202001, the electricity grid in the public sector is 10,700.09 million kWh (-0.66 per cent) on a combined report.
In 2023, the state required a high proportion of the medium- and long-term trade in electricity, and coal prices are expected to rebound.
As of April 25, 2023, the price of power coal (5500 kilocalories) was 995 kilotons, the price of coal (5,500 kilocalories) was 980 kilotons per kilocalories, the price of coal (5,500 kilocalories) in Guangzhou, Indonesia, and the price of coal (5,500 kilocalories) in China.
And the price of imported coal has fallen significantly. From the lower prices of coal and higher prices of electricity, the company’s profits have improved significantly, and it is expected that the company’s profits will increase further in the future as the price of coal falls.
Energy projects will be built, and companies will accelerate the construction of photovoltaic projects in the future as prices are lowered upstream in the photovoltaic industry chain.
Set, it is expected that in the future, the company's new energy project will accelerate its landing and complete the company's 14th Five-Year Plan, Energy International (600011.sh) - High Coal Price and Low Utilization Delayed Performance, New Energy New 40gw installed capacity.
“Flacer International (600011.sh) – High coal prices drag on performance, and new energy profits continue to drive important forces that guarantee a steady growth in corporate performance in the future.” “Flacer International 600011-2021 Quarterly Assessment: Power prices open the ceiling, energy”
New energy contributions of $7.61 billion a year, and fire power and other contributions performance of $2.94 billion a year. The combination of lower and higher coal prices and higher electricity prices has affected domestic power operations, improved profits from fire and electricity, and corporate performance has been reversed, with a net profit of $2.25 billion (+335.30 per cent) to the mother and a net profit not attributable to the mother.
Fire power profits have improved and the total profits from wind and PV panels have increased significantly. Total profits from the splits, 202,301, total profits from coal combustion by companies - 70 million yuan (a decline of 3.2 billion yuan on the same year), total profits from combustion engines - 326 million yuan, significant growth in wind and light voltage, and a slight decrease in the volume of electricity generated by fire. 202,301, reported by power plants in the company.
Table 10.7009 billion kWh (-0.66 per cent) of the total electricity generated online, of which 89,535 million kWh of coal machines were under-utilized by society at large, the amount of electricity generated by the company from fire was reduced by the same amount, the recovery of production and economic operations by social enterprises in February/March as a whole triggered an increase in demand for electricity consumption, while the volume of electricity generated by the company from fire was increased by the same amount.
Thanks to the continued growth in wind power and photovoltaic capacity, the company’s new energy generation continued to grow at a faster rate in the first quarter, resulting in a narrower share of the company’s total power generation in the first quarter. The rising share of new energy installed power sources continued to increase, and it is expected to drive steady growth in company performance in the future.
The size of the new energy engine will grow rapidly. As the new energy engine rises, green power trading and carbon trading move forward, the company’s profit structure will continue to optimize.
This is an increase of 10.08% for 2023q1, an increase of 6.42 pct for the same year. In terms of cost rates, there has been a significant decrease in the level of the company’s financial services cost, a decrease of 0.63 pct, and a slight increase in the management cost rate by 0.09 pct. As a result of gross interest rate hikes and lower cost rates, the net interest rate of the company has been positive, rising from 1,2201 to 1.70%.
Roe rebounded and operating cash flows declined. 2023q1, company roe 3.34 per cent, an increase of 5.96 pct over the same period, mainly due to a positive turnaround in net interest rates. 20201, net operating cash flows of $6,138 million, a decrease of 26.96 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the combined effect of the receipt of electricity and the payment of lower expenditures on fuel procurement; the company maintained a larger one.
Investment in wind power and photovoltaic projects resulted in a net outflow of investment cash of $9.246 billion.
The supply of imported coal has increased, and the price of coal has fallen somewhat. In recent years, policy assurances have continued to increase, pushing for more advanced coal production, but this has been limited since much of the increase in nuclear capacity has been released in the previous two years. On the international market, as the production of coal in Indonesia and India has increased, the movement of Monco, Russian Coal, and Australian coal has increased.
In terms of demand, the share of non-fossil energy will continue to increase in 2023, and the rate of increase in coal consumption will slow further. In 2023, the performance rate of medium- and long-term contracts guaranteed for electricity coal will be increased to effectively perform the role of the Association's Ballast Stone, which is expected to be coal.
The supply and demand of the carbon market will be eased, and the coal price hub will be reduced. As of April 25, 2023, the price of the coal from the Quinton Port power plant (5,500 kilocalories) was $995 per tonne, the price of the 5,500 kilocalories from the Circumpolar seaport was 980 kilotons, the price of the Indonesian coal in Guangzhou, the Australian coal (5,500 kilocalories) was around $1,100 per tonne, and the cost of the domestic power and imported coal was around $1,100 per ton.
The rise in electricity prices and the fall in coal prices have driven companies’ performance to improve continuously. The 2022 National Development Commission Circular on Further Deepening the Market-based Reform of Coal-Firing Power Generation has called for the implementation of a comprehensive increase in coal-fired electricity generation.
In 2023, the state called for a high percentage of medium- and long-term electricity trading contracts and a return on coal prices, which would lead to a certain improvement in the performance of coal-fired power generation companies. The company’s profits from coal prices and higher electricity prices are expected to improve significantly in the future.
During the “14-05” period, the company will continue to push for new energy projects, and in the future it will accelerate the construction of photovoltaic projects, which are expected to be public in the future, as prices are lowered upstream in the photovoltaic industry chain.
The Division’s new energy project is expected to accelerate its landing and complete the target of the company’s 14th Five-Year Plan’s additional 40gw installed capacity. The new energy project delivery will be an important driver of growth in corporate performance and guarantee future firm performance.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author