Fire and electricity are running out of money, new energy is growing, pottery is growing, and the company issues a quarterly report in 2023, bringing in $6,5269 million in the first quarter of 2023.
Dollars, 0.03 per cent increase in the same year; net profit on return to the mother is 2,250 million yuan (net of $2.008 billion), profitability has increased significantly in the same year, and the asset-liability ratio has fallen significantly.
It's due to a decline in the first quarter of the year in the receipt of electricity. By the end of the first quarter, corporate assets and liabilities, Liang Yunan, the fire plate had been turned upside down, and lower coal prices were expected to contribute to a sustained increase in profits.
In the first quarter of the year, coal fires lost $70 million (98 per cent/$3.2 billion on a year-on-year basis), the combustion engine benefited from a fall in coal prices and an increase in electricity prices, resulting in an overall reversal of the power plate during the first quarter. We expect that the lower market price of coal will have a greater impact on the performance of the Association by promoting a quarter.
The unit price of coal entering the stove has dropped considerably. The average cost of coal powered at 5500 kcal/tons per quarter is $1135 per quarter, down 10.8% from 2022, and, as of 25 April, the price of coal powered at 5,500 kcals has fallen further to 995 kyats/tons. We expect that coal supply and demand will shift in 2023.
With easing, market coal prices are expected to continue to fluctuate, and fire power profitability is expected to continue to rise. Moreover, the combined Internet access price of $518.69/megawatt hour (year-on-year + 3.33%), which increases the profitability of new energy plates and increases the size of wind and light engines.
One quarter of wind and electricity profits 1.925 billion yuan (year of year + 27 per cent) and photovoltaics $345 million (year of year + 117 per cent). The new energy plates increase profit along with the size of the installed units and the increase in the amount of electricity connected to the Internet. One quarter of the company ' s wind and power connections reach 8,082 million kilowatt-hours (year of year + 29.1 per cent), photovoltaics.
Figure 0.11gw, photovoltaic 0.69gw. As of the end of 2022, wind power aggregates 13.63gw, too positive aggregates 6.28gw, with new energy loadings accounting for only 15.6% of the company ' s total installed aircraft (compared with the year).
+4.0 pct), with a higher potential for subsequent profitability. In response to the energy transition, new energy loadings are expected to accelerate in 2023-2025.
The company still has a high proportion of coal power units, and is more motivated to respond to the energy transition demands of the group and the National Finance Committee. We expect that the company’s new energy supply chain will be set at only 9gw during the 1455s due to, among other things, the high price of the new energy chain.
Taking into account that the fall in coal prices in a quarter is higher than expected, we raise the forecast of profits and expect companies to have higher coal prices than expected; new energy development is proceeding at a slower pace than expected; electricity prices on the Internet are lower, etc. Tao Yu has graduated from the Chinese Mining University (Beijing) and has had more than 10 years of experience in industrial research and long-term research in environmental public use and downstream in the industrial chain.
In January 2022, he joined China’s Galaxy securities. Sense, a master’s degree from the Beijing Chemical Industry University, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018 to conduct research in the environmental public sector.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.