CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
China Minsheng Bank (600016 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Solid credit growth; Asset quality and capital underperformed
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 7.00)
Up/Downside
+14.5%
MSB's net profit declined 25.4%/10.0% YoY in 2Q/1H20, largely due to soaring
Current Price
impairment charges of 60.9% YoY in 2Q20. Topline growth (revenue +9.9%
YoY; PPoP +8.8% YoY) was still decent, albeit a sequential moderation. Same
China Banking Sector
as most nationwide bank peers, MSB also accelerated NPL recognition and
boosted risk reserves during the industry downturn. We like the banks' robust
Terry Sun, CFA
credit expansion and fast recovery of retail loans, but relatively thin provision
buffer and below-average capital adequacy ratio are major overhangs.
■ Results positives: 1) Healthy loan and deposit growth of 2.7%/3.8%
Stock Data
QoQ. It was encouraging to see a pick-up in retail loan growth of 5.2% in
2Q20, vs 1.8% in 1Q20. Mortgage and personal business loans were key
drivers, and credit cards also saw a positive growth of 2.6% in 1H20. 2) Net
interest income grew strongly by 20.1% YoY, on solid expansion of
interest-earnings assets and YoY margin widening. 3) Effective tax rate
Source: Bloomberg
dropped 3.8ppt YoY, given rising investments to tax-free government bonds.
Shareholding Structure
Results negatives: 1) 2Q20 NIM narrowed 3bp QoQ to 1.92% based on
our estimate. This was due to 13bp HoH loan yield contraction and 5bp HoH
increase in deposit cost, more than offsetting the 40bp drop of interbank
funding cost in 1H20. 2) Asset quality under pressure. NPL ratio surged
14bp QoQ to 1.69%, and provision coverage slid 3.6ppt QoQ to 152%, one
Share Performance
of the lowest in the sector. However, the bank tightened NPL recognition
standards, as NPLs covered 125% of >90-day overdue loans as of 2Q20, up
from 114% as of 4Q19. 3) 2Q20 cost-income ratio increased 0.7ppt YoY;
4) Investment return declined 12.9% YoY, on bond trading and exchange
losses. 5) Capital position weakened. CET1/total CAR dropped 72bp/38bp
Source: Bloomberg
QoQ to 8.24%/12.72% on sluggish earnings and cash dividend payout. RWA
12-mth Price Performance
density rose 2.7ppt QoQ to 78.7%.
Maintain HOLD and lower TP to RMB6.40. We cut FY20/21 earnings
forecasts by 15-17%, to reflect lower NIM/fee income and higher credit cost
assumptions. Our revised TP of RMB6.40 is based on 0.58x (from 0.64x)
target P/B and FY20 BVPS of RMB10.96.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: KPMG
Related Reports
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor,
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.