Cost advantage, continued expansion, ethylene ethanol into a new profit growth point.
Julu Hisung-Il (600426) reported that Yang Jogi is leading the cost-consumption industry by creating a new integrated coal industry application platform.
(a) Advanced clean gas processes are at the core of the company's cost competitiveness;
(b) Zhang Ming Xing is a leader in management and has excellent cost-control capabilities, with major products costing less than 10 per cent of the industry.
A sustained expansion of productive capacity is the driving force behind growth in performance, helping companies to move through cycles. From a capital-cost perspective, the average of each large, concentrated investment cycle of a company is about five years, with the previous three years being a time of rapid growth in output and faster performance growth;
Total equity/distributiona shares (million shares) Fertilizers and ethanol continue to be produced, and the performance hub is expected to increase over the next three years. The ethanol II project will bring new profit growth points to companies.
The coal-based ethanol process is becoming more mature, cost-competitive, product quality and supply stability solutions are only a matter of time, looking at import substitution in the face of rigid domestic supply and demand gaps;
In terms of capital spending, industry does not expand production, but rather chooses to deleveraging and repair balance sheets;
At a micro level, although chemical sub-species are not exactly synchronized due to different supply and demand patterns, overall prices are expected to remain strong.
Business profits have increased significantly, and performance in the first half of the year has exceeded expectations,2 Walluheung Lit (600426): the urea landscape has declined, and the growth of urea has increased.
3 WalluHingl: Growth in urea volume, performance, source of financial and intellectual excellence in the East, depth of securities report
Warru Heung Litt (600426): Cost advantage, continuous expansion to help pass through the cycle, ethanol to bring about new profitable growth points 1. Flexible multi-production + clean gasification + continuous technological change. Cost advantage industry leads 1.1 in building the country ' s leading new coal industry application platform
The company is a new multi-industry co-manufacturing industry based on small nitrogen fertilizer. Its main business includes the production, sale, generation and heating of chemical products and chemical fertilizers, mainly fertilizer, organochlorine, adipic acid and intermediate products, acetic acid and derivatives, polyols, etc. The company has since 2000 synthetic ammonia/urea plus combined methanol “18/30+6”
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year of capacity, expanding product size, extending industrial chains, and producing large industries with clean gas as their main source of product abundance, flexible co-production, have created three industrial platforms: Nitrogen Fertilizer, Carbon I, and Tetramium. The three industrial platforms: Nitrogen Fertilizer, Carbon I, and Tetsu, and Julu Heungl have produced 2.2 million tons of ammonia per year.
Tons of adipic acid, 300,000 tons of nitric acid, 200,000 tons of polyol, 50,000 tons of ethanol, 50,000 tons of melamine, 50,000 tons of acetic anhydride, 150,000 tons of industrial gas, 200,000 kw power generation, 20 million gj heating capacity, and ammonia and urea production capacity are at the top of single plants in the country.
At the end of this round of capital spending, the company will produce 3.2 million tons of ammonia, 2.5 million tons of urea, 800,000 tons of compound fertilizer, and 550,000 tons of ethanol (other products can sustain production), and the total size of the “one line” will be the last company based on a clean gasification process, guided by flexible multi-products, through continuous energy conservation and environmental conservation techniques.
The main sources of financial growth in the East, such as urea, dmf, acetic acid, are more than 10 per cent below the industry average, and companies become industry energy-efficiency poles for the second year in a row.
Figure 1: Comparison of the urea urea ratio with the industry 1.2 “one-by-one” flexible multi-production model with significant co-benefits.
Industrial products (methanol, acetic acid, dmf, etc.), a variety of clean secondary energy sources (gas fuels, liquid fuels, electricity, etc.), other industrial gases (co, h2, co2), and production that takes full advantage of the heat from process to power.
Field changes combine product-to-product, system-to-system, and park-to-park cogeneration, flexible adjustment of different product loads, high utilization of raw materials, and significant synergies. After driving the first national fertilizer-producing large-scale plant, the company works through the old and new plants based on clean gasification technology.
Artistic connectivity, with the development of composite processes for combined synthetic ammonia, methanol, and co, leading to autonomous adaptation of the three processes. After the completion of the 200,000-ton acetic acid device in September and the 200,000-ton polyol device in 13 years, the company further extended the first three lines to “one-line” cycle of flexible economic multi-productions, urea, organoamine, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, urea, and so on.
Autonomous regulation of acetic acid and polyol-based products has further enhanced the combined utilization of resources.
1.3 The state-of-the-art clean gasification process is the basis for the company ' s cost competitiveness. 1.3.1 The Great Nitrogen Fertilizer project has pioneered the introduction of water slurry plus gasification to establish a leading advantage. The advanced clean gasification technology is the core competitive advantage of Hualu Hengl and is the backbone of the corporate cost industry.
The technology used by the Division for gasification of multi-sprayed water syrup and pressurized gas was developed by the University of Technology in China, the Lunan Fertilizer Plant and the China Tianxing Chemical Engineering Corporation, in collaboration with the Ministry of Science, Technology and Technology, and integrated with the multi-fueled gasification technology of the Xian Heat Institute. The company built a gas furnace system for the first-ever nitrogen-fertilization project, which has a gasification pressure of 6.5mpa.
With 750 tons per day of coal, it was officially launched in June 2005 to provide the country’s first demonstration project on industrialization with pressured water pulp gasification. The company’s courage to be the “first crab-eating person” established a technological preponderant.
Warru Heungl (600426): Cost advantages, continuous expansion, and cycle transition, ethanol brings a new profit growth point. 1.3.2 Analysis of the competitive advantages of the more than nozzle and pressurized water pulp gasification process, with pressured water syrup (for downstream synthetic ammonia-urea) as compared to the constant pressure fixed bed process.
Production devices of the same size for large coal-chemical/fertilizer industries, typical pressurized gasification processes and common-pressure gasification processes with ton urea production costs compared to, for example, table 3, the full cost of pressurized urea produced by the gasification process as compared to the normal-pressure gas industry.
Typologies Synthetic urea; general pressure gasification process is smoke-free coal formation, constant pressure ugi gas furnace gasification, semi-water gas devulcanization, 2.1mpa conversion, wetting dehydration, pressure desorption carbon, 12.5mpa synthesis, 27mpa ammonia synthesis, co2 synthesizing urea, high pressure gas gasification is the direction in which downstream anaesthesia, especially synthetic ammonia, is developed.
In order to increase the production of single furnaces, save on compressed energy consumption while operating downstream high-pressure sections and avoid adding pressure-pressure equipment. A comparison between the water gasification furnaces at 6.5 pa and the powder gas furnaces at 4.0 pa would significantly reduce investments in low-temperature methanol washing and synthetic compression.
Water slurry gasification saves at least half as much as 4.0mpa powder gas in the cooling of low-temperature methanol. Multi-spray water slurry versus single-spray water slurry (Texco).
Fan installation, with three gas furnace systems constructed by Tandong-Teng State Tarchemists Ltd., which increased carbon conversion rates by 2 to 3 per cent compared to the results of the operation of the Lunan Fertiliser plant, a single nozzle water gasification technology (Texco), abroad; 2 to 3 per cent increase in the active gas component and 2 to 3 per cent decrease in the co2 content; and 7.9 per cent decrease in oxygen consumption.
2.2% lower than coal consumption in Thailand, which consumes about 1.25 tonnes of coal/tMol, and in Lunan Fertiliser, which consumes about 1.4 tonnes of coal/tMol. On this scale, the cost is 43 yuan/tonne lower, an increase of 50,000 yuan/megae/megae above the cost of the single nozzle water gas furnaces, and 1.4 continuing energy-saving abatement technologies to strengthen companies.
1.4.1 The company continues to invest in large-, medium- and small-scale technological change, and the consumption of units continues to decrease.
In addition to the above three types of projects, the company invests a certain amount of money each year in a variety of piecemeal projects and hundreds of millions of dollars. In 2014, for example, the company set up 37 projects for the implementation of technological change, with an increase in benefits of about 8,700 Eastern financial resources.
In the area of coal conservation: companies increased the mass fraction of coal slurry from 59 per cent to 62 per cent by increasing the implementation of ultra fine milling processes, adjusting additive formulations and optimizing the operation of rod mills; reduced natural losses of coal through such measures as coal field spraying, coal cover, and the installation of dustnets; implemented high and low-hot coal mixing gas to increase the efficiency of the gas
In 2014, for example, the gas-processing process saw a 2.23 per cent reduction in the consumption of tons of ammonia in the same year, resulting in a reduction in the relative consumption of coal, a reduction in the consumption of oxygen, a significant increase in the efficiency of the gas furnaces and a significant reduction in the consumption of coal.
Tons of ammonia consumption decreased by 22.15 per cent in 2014 compared to 2013.
42,000 tonnes/year coal savings are achieved in the year of the construction project. Water conservation: mainly through the use of ladders, techniques such as condensate reuse, medium water reuse, wastewater reuse, etc. Full steam condensation recycling, various residues and waste water used as grinding coal water, reduction of external discharges and savings
The cost of biochemical sewage treatment is currently being recovered by the company every hour in thousands of tons of condensate, 150 tons of wastewater and more than 97 per cent of water reuse.
Hydrogen recovery for gas-remediation. The use of membrane separation technology to provide co-gas for acetic acid/ethanol, residual hydrogen-rich gas to extract high purity hydrogen through transform adsorption, high-purity hydrogen gas as chemical raw gas, decomposed tail gas as raw gas for methanol synthesis, which ensures the full and rational use of raw materials and enhances subsequent products.
For example, in December 2014, the company installed a set of membrane separation devices for hydrogen, using the membrane separation technique, which acquired hydrogen with a volume fraction of more than 90% of the high purity, which was pumped to methanol synthesis as raw gas for methanol. The membrane separators have been optimized since they came into operation, and two methanol combinations have been recovered.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is the laxation of the device, which recovers 3000 nm3 per hour of hydrogen gas, adding 13590 tons of concentrate per year, at the current cost of 2260 ton methanol in the Eastern part of the mountain region, generating more than $30 million per year.
A plant-wide ammonia recovery system is developed, using methanol to synthesize air, co-separate gas, ammonium to synthesize air, convert all ammonia generated by systems such as ammonia and urea to ammonia and recover more than 150 tons of ammonia per day, or 4% of the total ammonia production of the day, as a devulcanizer of the flue gas of the thermal power system, produced.
Ammonium sulfate as a product of fertilizer or as a raw material of compound fertilizer, achieving good economic and social benefits through “waste”
Water conservation at urea workshops. Two 400,000 tonnes/year urea units at the Waruheungl industrial park produce 380-530 kg of coagulation (70-80m3/h disassembly waste) per 1000 kg urea produced, usually delivered to industrial parks. Ring water stations are used for system recharge, but the temperature of the disassembly is as high as 80°C, increasing the heat load of the circulatory water station.
Capable, and impurities are easily contaminated. The company recycles the water by replacing the boiler with urea, which is a high-pressure sealed water used as a carbon gasification device, which is pumped from a carbon-heated recovery to a network of high-pressure sealed water pipes for gasification and conversion, which was organized in July 2013.
The implementation of the project will result in savings of approximately 63.36 million m3 per year and a significant reduction in the load of anti-filtration devices between water vehicles, resulting in annual savings of $2.9 million in production costs.
The main source of wealth in the east is the recycling of boilers and sewage from the carbon one workshop. The carbon one workshop adapts the boiler process of the switching device, reduces the amount of recycled cooling water, raises the boiler drain from 40°C to 90°C after the cooler, and installs a new pipe.
Sended to a condensate tank, pumped to the thermal water-based lithium brominated machine unit as powered water, recovered part of the heat, then mixed water, integrated into the desalinated pipe network with resin, modified to achieve a better “zero discharge” of the boiler sewage, which recovers 792,000 m3 per year of desalinized water.
Pipeline network, accounting for later year water savings of $475.2 million; 10 m3/h reduction of waste water from biochemical installations, $277.2 million annual waste management costs, combined with $75.24 million per year in corporate savings, with obvious benefits.
1.4.4 Thermal energy combines analysis Thermal ladders use the network. The company has a complete and rational industrial chain that allows for a scientific combination of thermal energy, with special emphasis on the steam system, which starts with back pressure generation, high pressure vapour-driven industrial turbines, and a medium pressure vapour for the chemical industry.
System heat sources, and low-pressure steam is the heat source for methamidoamine, dmf, methanol distillation, and the final water enters the condensate system, the source of financial growth in the East, for a new cycle.
Process residual heat use. Using wind blowing, gas-recycling techniques, generating high-pressure vapours, powering turbines and generating electricity, the current thermal cogeneration has achieved 42% of the steam in other systems from 1.5 company management levels and excellent cost control.
Comparing the cost rates for the period that companies have been listed with their counterparts (gasification-fertilizers/chemicals) since they were listed in 2002, and despite the slight fluctuations in product prices and revenues that have followed since then, the overall decline has been sustained and is significantly lower than the level of coal-chemical enterprises in the same industry, providing strong guarantees for sustained and steady growth in the company ' s performance.
2. Sustained expansion of productive capacity is the driving force behind growth in performance when operating income declined between 2014 and 2016, and helps companies outpace their performance in 2010 alone, when the prices of coal, smoke-free coal and power coal rose significantly at a cost.
The year 2011 was marked by a sharp decline in performance as the prices of major products passed to the company were raised; although after 2010, after three years of high coal prices, the industry had lost overall profits and only in 2013 had net profits recovered to coal prices at the bottom of history, urea prices fell to the bottom in the first half of 2016, and costs were driven in the second half of the year, especially in the fourth quarter.
Environmental protection and stock supplementation have led to an upturn, but there has not been a significant increase in average annual prices, so the half-yearly lack of financial intelligence in the East has been a bit of a drag on the performance of the year, and it is hard for the company to get along with the bottom of the industry.
We provide a brief analysis of company performance fluctuations in 2010 through the Ring comparison method. Given the few changes in the production capacity of the company ' s main products in 2009-2010, it is assumed that the volume of primary raw materials for coal smoke and power coal purchases will remain stable, the volume of major products for operation and sale will remain stable, and the cost-rate assumptions will be maintained for the period.
The result of the analysis is that the net profit ratio of the Division increased by $164 million in 2010 compared to 2009, broadly in line with the final statement – $171 million. Thus, the company’s performance fluctuations in 2010 were caused, at the core, by a sharp increase in coal prices and a lag in the price of chemical products, rather than by the company’s own operations.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources Billion (+101%) while the company's main export product capacity (multiline: fertilizer +dmf+ acetic acid and derivatives + codii + polyol) grew from 320,000 tons in 2003 to 3.4 million tons in 2016 (+964%), “one head” ammonia
Capacity grew from 230,000 tons in 2003 to 2.2 million tons in 2016 (+856 per cent). Excellent management and cost-control capabilities; and, as a result of the company ' s multi-lined layout, combined production of raw materials and scale effects, performance grew slightly faster than output, and output from the outside product grew slightly faster than output.
From the point of view of the capital spending cycle, the company's performance has grown over the next three years.
By collating the company’s capital expenditure, we found that each large, concentrated investment cycle was basically accetic and acetic acid expansion projects; the period 2011–2015 was dominated by fertilizer expansion, acetic acid, acetic acid and polyol projects. • The first three years of each five-year cycle were basically fixed capital, based on construction in progress and changes in fixed assets.
This is the process of a rapid increase in production capacity: the first three years, in terms of changes in the company’s performance, were also a relatively rapid period of growth in the company’s performance. The annual performance of the company was accompanied by growth in output growth.
2.4 Production expansion + cost advantages, support companies moving through cycles and growing continuously, while temporarily ignoring the differences in the profitability of individual products at different time nodes (neglecting the excess of ethanol, adding 1 million tons of urea, phasing out 300,000 tons of old capacity, a net increase of 300,000 tons, and adding urea-based recovery)
• A prior analysis of the company's performance is more in line with the growth rate of production, as the company continues to expand its productive capacity.
And the obvious cost advantage in the same industry is that its growth characteristics are gradually going beyond its cyclical characteristics. 3. Consider the ethanol project as a new profit growth point for companies. 3.1 Global ethanol supply and demand mismatches, with large domestic import alternatives.
Global demand for and supply of ethanol, the largest consumer area in East Asia. Supply, by 2015, global production of ethanol was about 31 million tonnes/year, mainly in Asia, the Middle East and North America, with ethanol producing 49 per cent, 29 per cent and 13 per cent of total capacity in those three regions in 2015; and demand, with global consumption concentrated in Asia and the North.
In the United States, consumption accounted for 75 per cent and 11 per cent of total global consumption, respectively, especially as about 60 per cent of consumption is concentrated in the north-east, the global supply and demand patterns of ethanol are relatively orderly and will not be expected to be significantly over-capacity-based in the future, as expected. Global ethanol production grew at an average annual composite rate of 4.4 per cent in 2010-2015, compared with global production of 5.7 per cent.
Growth rate. According to the Petroleum and Chemical Industry Planning Institute, based on the current ethylene set-up of ethylene and North-East Asian tons, the rate of start-up has been maintained at 80%, and we believe that start-up is at a normal level and not as anticipated by the outside world, figure 17: World ethylene production capacity and production, 2010-2015
Figure 18: Global ethanol production by region (in tons, per cent) Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, we are the world ' s largest producer of polyesters, with high demand for ethanol, but low levels of self-sufficiency and huge import substitution space.
As of now, according to the source, the total domestic capacity of ethanol is 79.72 million tons. The average annual composite growth rate of domestic production capacity was 16.6 per cent in 2010-2015, and the annual rate of production compound growth was 19.6 per cent, well above the global average of water, with external dependence declining from year to year. Domestic production of ethanol accounted for 17 per cent of global production in 2016, with consumption accounting for 17 per cent.
The production of ethanol is concentrated in the east and south-central regions, accounting for 47 per cent and 28 per cent of total domestic production, respectively. About 90 per cent of ethanol in the country is used for the production of pets, about 4 per cent for the formulation of anti-freezes, and a small amount for fine applications.
Chemical fields and use as solvents. The East China region is a conglomerate of our pet production, where about 95% of its production is concentrated, and is the largest consumer of ethanol in the country.
3.2 The country ' s new production capacity for ethanol is mainly based on coal-based ethanol ethanol ethanol, which is divided into two types of industrial processes, by raw material: the ethylene route, and the synthetic gas route (coal ethylene). The ethylene route, which is currently industrialized, is the production of ethylene ethylene hydrate from ethylene rehydration.
The raw material structure of the ethylene device is diverse, such as ethylene ethylene in the oil-fisting Middle East, ethylene in the shale gas of North America, ethylene in the shale oil fission system, ethylene in the coal-based methanol of our country, which then produces ethylene, and ethylene in the imported methanol (methanol on the gas route of foreign companies).
The coal-based ethanol technology produces synthetic gas mainly through gasification and then by reacting to ethanol. The synthetic ethanol is divided into direct synthetics and indirect synthetics. Direct synthetics operate under stringent conditions that require efficient catalysts and high-temperature pressure, are less selective and do not yet have the conditions for industrialization.
Indirectly synthetic ethanol technologies include, inter alia, herbate hydration and methanol-based hydroxylene.
Some 43.7% of Eastern wealth, 33.3% of the ethane route, about 7% of the coal-based ethanol route, and about 16% of the other routes, such as biofagine ethanol.
30%), mtomol (no more than 10%). At present, coal-based ethanol is less mature and less stable in its operation, many projects have not started work even after delivery, and the industry as a whole is close to 30%.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, while cost-effective, is that coal-based ethanol is difficult to compete with low-cost ethanol on the Middle East ethane route and shale gas on the United States. But there is still a certain competitive advantage over the domestic graphite route, and the supply and demand gap for ethanol remains.
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in coal-based ethanol production and policy encouragement. In the approval of new coal-chemical projects, coal-based ethanol does not require the approval of the National Commission for the Reform of the State, but only by the provincial authorities.
The future proportion of coal-based ethanol will continue to grow in the space to squeeze the sulfur route, with the Institute of Petroleum and Chemical Industry predicting an additional capacity of between 6 and 8 million tons for coal-chemicals by 2020, and the 13th Plan for national coal-chemicals, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Walluheung Lit (600426): Cost advantages, continued expansion, and new profit growth points from ethanol 3.3. Coal ethanol is analysed from a cost point of view, compared to the cost of coal ethanol in different regions of the country, which is more competitive in the country. Based on the distribution of coal resources in the country, coal ethyl2 is produced in the country.
There are two main types of ethanol projects: the western regions of Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang, where the main raw materials are lignite, long pyrotechnic and weak sticky coal; and the central regions of Shanxi and Henan, where the main raw materials are smoke-free, poor coal, etc., whose competitive costs are estimated for sale to the East China region, as shown in table 14.
A comparison of the cost of our coal-based ethanol and oil routes. Our coal-based ethanol is mainly in competition with domestic oil laws, ethyl, the source of financial prosperity in the East, diol, Middle Eastern ethanol (about 60% of our ethanol imports), and shale gas routes in North America.
ethanol, Middle Eastern gas ethanol, has a rigid cost because of the fixed cost of the main raw materials (coal, natural gas). Our oil imports are needed, and the cost of petroleum-based ethanol is subject to fluctuations in oil prices, roughly to the cost of petroleum-based ethanol = 43* crude oil prices + 2330 (after deducting value added tax).
From this comparative analysis, we believe that coal-based ethanol is still relatively competitive in the country. The main competition for coal-based ethanol will be ethanol from the domestic and East Asian quartz oils.
The prices of shale gas ethane in the United States are also gradually being aligned with those in the Middle East, but they are not the main competition for coal-based ethanol, and the cost advantages of ethanol in the Middle East and North America are not as high as expected, given maritime freight, 17% value added tax and 5.5% tariff.
Year after year, ethanol from North-East and South-East Asia, which is based on quartz oil, continues to be exported to the country. Oil prices are higher when they are below $50/bp, and oil routes are equal: $50-60/bp; coal ethanol is better when it's over $60/bpd. International oil prices are now 50-55 USD/b
The cost of coal ethanol in Xinjiang is equal to the cost of oil law ethanol in our country; while international oil prices are 60 US dollars/bbl, the cost of coal ethanol in Inner Mongolia and the Central region is comparable to the cost of oil law ethanol in our country. While oil prices are currently under pressure, the probability of long-term collapses of $40-45/bpb is low, and later shocks are likely to be slow.
The competitiveness of the coal-based ethanol route has also increased. The oil route has matured, there is little room for further reduction in consumption, coal-based ethanol is in the early stages of large-scale industrialization, and there is much room for lower investment and consumption. For example, current investment in tons of ethanol has been made over the past few years.
1.4~15,000 yuan per ton has fallen to the current 0.8~13,000 yuan per ton. On the other hand, the installed coal ethanol system is generally not functioning well due to the lack of maturity of the technological process, and the rate of operation of the domestic coal ethanol system is currently extremely low, at around 30%, and the unit cost is higher than expected.
The growing maturity, the decline in single-ton investment, consumption, the increase in start-up rates, the emerging scale effect, the prospect of a sustained decline in costs and a further increase in the relative competitiveness of the stellar oil route.
The coal-based ethanol device, which has undergone long-term optimization techniques, has now been successfully stabilized at a cost of approximately $4,500 per ton, and has been able to compete with the oil price of 45-50 per barrel/ceiling line of schizophrenic oil. 3.4 The resolution of the quality and supply stability of coal-based ethanol products is only a matter of time.
The market is generally concerned about the quality and supply stability of coal-based ethanol, and we believe that the solution is only a matter of time. More than 2 million tons of coal-based ethanol production units are in operation in the country, but the quality of the products has not yet reached the level of oil-based ethanol (polyester), which is only partly mixed and in low proportions affecting the products.
Most frozen-grade products are sold only in the area of resins and anti-frozen fluids. Some of them are also parked or delayed due to environmental or process problems. A significant proportion of polyester users use higher-priced petroleum ethanol to ensure product quality and markets, limiting market demand as well as reducing production.
In terms of product quality, coal-based ethanol is gradually being endorsed by downstream polyester clients. For example, a 50,000-ton plant was successfully driven in March 15th year, producing excellent ethanol (polyester grade) and sold to Jiang Zing.
Polyester client. The 200,000-ton device in the yang-deep state was successfully driven in April 16 16 16, with 110% overloading stabilized, and the polymeric ethanol product has been used steadily in the polyester longline industry.
In the northern market for anti-frozen fluids and in the Chinese-dong polyester bottler, short fibre and long silk industries, the Tandane technology announcement shows that the quality of the company's ethanol products is essentially non-differentiated, with a purity of 99.8% or more and a eugenics rate of 100%, and that 80% of the products used in the polyester sector in 16 years are used by the polyester industry, with a maximum blending rate of more than 50% in a polyester plant.
There is no abnormality in the indicators of color, color culture, and so on. The source of financial prosperity in the East, the technological advances in coal-based ethanol, the gradual increase in the start-up rate of installations, and the prospect of supply stability.
Step-by-step solution. The technology of the “coal ethanol” process was certified by the Chinese Academy of Science as one of the five major demonstration projects for coalification in China. In August and September of 16 years, the 200 000 tonnes/year synthetic gas ethanol industrial demonstration unit in North Central Petrochemical Lake completed two rounds of 72-hour technical labelling and 110-per-cent high-load trials.
The pilot project began construction in Heung-in, Guizhou; the process process was further optimized by a generation of technologies, resulting in lower loads of precious metals of catalysts and substitution of toxic metals, a greater increase in catalyst performance and longevity, a significant reduction in costs and a much more environmentally friendly technology.
The absence of standards in the coal-based ethanol/ polyester-grade ethanol industry is expected to accelerate with the large-scale release of coal-based ethanol production capacity. In 2012, the National Chemical Commission (NCPC) petrochemical division began a revision of the country label for ethanol for industrial use. In 2012-2014, the criteria included an indicator for oxygen-containing compounds, but it has not yet been enacted.
In 2011, the National Energy Base and Management Board began to develop a national standard for the consumption of energy per unit of ethanol. However, the coal ethanol demonstration project (Danization Technology) has been in the process of technological improvement and has not yet been accepted, nor has it been promulgated.
The project begins work on " Water extraction quota part x: coal ethanol " . The large scale of future coal-based ethanol production will certainly facilitate the acceleration of the development of coal-based ethanol/polymeric ethanol standards in order to solve problems that cannot be fully integrated upstream and downstream.
The new 3.5 million tonnes of ethanol project will be the company's new profit growth point. The company's accumulation of the first phase of the ethanol project will provide a good basis for the second phase.
At that time, the country was not yet technologically mature and the industry was generally still in the exploration phase, and after four to five years of calibration to meet the requirement of running a full load, it laid a good foundation for Phase II. From April 14 to May 15, Ningpo Kim Far East petrochemical and Middle Cobalt materials made a process and catalyst remodelling of the company ' s phase I installation; and June 15, 15.
To date, the installation load has been continuous, stable and safe, with product excellence exceeding 95%, ultraviolet spectrometry of 220nm wavelengths exceeding 95%, with a better quality than petroleum route products, with all technical indicators leading the country, with the share of polyester-grade products supplied to Zhejiang clients reaching one third of the company ' s output.
China Far East research, which has repeatedly certified product quality, has finally confirmed that China Far East ethanol catalysts are suitable for their installations and have contracted for them. The Astronomy Group has opted to purchase China Far East catalyst rights in the event that the 55+20 million device has been successfully put into production, demonstrating its good catalytic performance and its excellent adaptation to coal-based ethanol processes.
Ten thousand tons of synthetic gas ethanol project invested only 2,674 million dollars and one ton invested 0.53 million dollars, resulting in savings of 0.3-0.80 million in single ton investment compared to industry, savings of 200-7000 yuan per ton in annual depreciation costs for 14 years of depreciation; even if the investment in gasification is considered to be amortized with depreciation costs, the gas gasification platform, which invests $2.8 billion in the capacity of 1 million tons of dehydrated ammonia
60% converted to a total investment of about $4 billion in synthetic gas ethanol and 0.8 million in single-ton investment, which has reached the lower limit for investment in the former industry. The single-ton investment saved 0.47 million and annual depreciation savings of approximately $3.4 million/t in comparison with the company ' s first 50,000-ton plant.
The cost of production is expected to be less than 500 yuan per ton in the current period. The ethanol project is profitable. We measure the full cost of ethanol at about 4600 yuan per ton, and the current price of ethanol at about 6,000 yuan per ton (with a discount of 200-250 yuan per ton on the price of ethanol in petroleum law, after deducting 17 per cent value added tax).
Assuming that the prices of raw materials and products are maintained, a single ton of net profits is expected to reach $1,700 per ton, an 80 per cent start-up rate and an annual net profit of about $680 million, which would be well above the 300 million yuan per year announced by the company. Taking into account the excess ethanol surplus, figure 24: ethanol price and price differentials
The biggest problem facing the chemical industry from 2012 to 2014 is the blind expansion of capacity, resulting in oversupply and high stocks.
At the end of 2015, the industrial landscape fell to the bottom of the valley, then rebounded, dominated by the stock cycle, and ended in the first quarter of 2017, but chemical prices have risen again since July. We believe that the overall price of subsequent chemical products is expected to change on the supply side of the clean-up + supply side of the production.
For example, pvc, based on industry associations.
Data, for three consecutive years since 2014, show a net decline in capacity. We believe that most other sub-industries are also the source of Eastern financial booms, and that it is even possible that the onset of decapitulation is even earlier, except for industry statistics, which do not reflect micro-changes.
From the point of view of capital spending, the chemicals industry, which had been depressed for four years before, has not expanded its capital spending and production capacity significantly with the recent high prices and improved profitability, but has chosen to deleveraging, repair its assets and liabilities, i.e., not expanding its profits. Industry investment has become rational, and future capacity growth is expected to slow down, with supply and demand patterns worsening.
Along with industry output, leverage, and a one- to two-year lag in relative capital spending, we believe that the overall price scenario for chemicals is expected to last longer than expected. From the point of view of environmental stress, we expect a four-quarter increase in safety and environmental stress, and a high level of pressure in the future.
The main environmental policies and actions for the second half of the year are summarized in the table below. This year is the year when the "10 atmospheres" were approved. In several places, Shandong and Hebei adopted a production-restriction policy, which is more than expected. The fourth Central Survey Group has been deployed to cover the chemical provinces of Shandong, Sichuan and Xinjiang, and the Central Environmental Inspectorate has now covered the entire country.
At a micro level, the structure of the industry has gradually improved as investment in the industry slowed down. For example, the industry’s backward slicing capacity has been largely eliminated and replaced by more efficient and productive production.
The urea industry has begun to phase out fixed-bed reactors, replacing them with space or water syrup furnaces. Some industry companies, such as pta, highly toxic pesticides, refrigerants, have experienced problems with the financial chain.
Sub-species also have different price trends due to differences in micro-supply and demand, but overall future prices remain as shown in figure 28: urea prices and price differentials in figure 29: dmf prices and price differentials
Figure 30: Prices and price differentials for adipic acids, Figure 31: Prices and price differentials for acetic acids
Figure 32 Prices and differentials of methanol
We assume that future prices of products and raw materials will be maintained, urea, compost and ethanol will gradually be released, raw materials will be the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Prices of raw materials and staple products fluctuated significantly; new production released less than expected; new products sold less than expected.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, WalluHingl (600426): Cost advantage, sustained expansion to help pass through the cycle, ethanol to bring new profit growth points
Head of the basic chemical industry team, 9 years of portfolio research experience, good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, and for Cho, Zhang Minghua University, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, Master of Industrial Catalysing and Response Engineering, 2 years of chemical industry experience, starting in October 2015 in the basic chemical industry
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.