Performance is in line with expected photovoltaic + semiconductor double-drive companies issue three quarterly reports with net profit of $972 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 82.16 per cent over the same period; operating income 28 October 2019
Cao Xuant has increased its sales of photovoltaic silicon and increased its profitability. The sales cost of 2019q1~q3 sales is $101 million, a decrease of 7.27 per cent, the management cost is $330 million, an increase of 7.59 per cent, and the financial cost is $598 million.
Heh Dynasty, photovoltaic and semiconductor materials are the company's main business, and the company's silicon production capacity has increased steadily during the reporting period, reaching 30gw in the first half of the year, yielding tons per month, and we expect the company's sales of silicon photovoltaics to be abrupt throughout the year.
By breaking 25gw, the company’s performance was greatly enhanced. After the introduction of the 531 policy in 2018, the photovoltaic industry was in a period of low sex, influenced by overall market trends, and silicon prices fell sharply from July last year to 35%, resulting in a decline in the overall Māori ratio of 2019q1 ~q3.
Large-scale start-up, domestic demand will rebound strongly. The company’s photovoltaic silicon performance is expected to increase significantly throughout 2019, driving the company’s overall performance. As one of the two giants of single crystal silicon, the company is now building new calls and the Hoth 5 project will bring the company’s single silicon production capacity to 56gw, further enhancing the leadership.
On August 16, the company officially released 12 inches of super-solar solar energy, which increased by 80.5%, compared to m4 silicon by 71%, compared to m6 silicon by 61%, with suburban components that would be in the form of stacked tiles with a capacity of more than 600w. This is the current photovoltaic industry.
Large silicon silicon sizes have a significant effect on the cost of reducing bos, but increased silicon size also poses a risk to the shredding and good product rates at the end of the battery and increases the demand for load capacity for the production of equipment.
The silicon will lead to a certain increase in the cost of pulling sticks, but the nonsilicon costs of slices, batteries, components, etc. will decrease. m12 In the case of 60 and a half pieces of components, a fixed increase of 5 billion dollars in unit-based nonsilicon costs of their systems will be approved to facilitate the development of semiconductor silicon tablets.
According to the report, the CSRC approved the release of no more than 5.57 shares of the company, raising no more than $5 billion for the company's Integrated Circuit Production Line Project for 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon and supplementary mobile funds.
In the long run, the semiconductor industry has a high degree of integration, high technology content, and cyclical characteristics, with each industry becoming a new engine for growth in corporate performance.
The semiconductor sector needs to look at the global market, respond to the new cycle of industry, focus on the development of large international customers, open diversified international markets, and provide guarantees for steady growth in the volume of goods delivered, while at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time at the international level.
Line technology is aligned to improve product quality control. Semiconductor markets are highly concentrated, with the top five companies accounting for 92% of the global share, with two suppliers in Japan accounting for 50%, and companies now in the lead domestically, but only 2% of the international supply chain system, with very large future upgrades.
On 18 September, the company issued a circular stating that it had received notification from the controlling shareholder ' s Central Circle (27.55% holding shares) that the Central Ring group had decided to start the process and conduct the work of financing, auditing, and evaluation on 31 August 2019.
Combining with state companies will make companies more marketable, raise the level of management of their operations, and inject new dynamism into them. Investment strategy: The photovoltaic industry is about to reach its domestic construction peak, and the company’s photovoltaic silicon production will continue to expand and expand.
Maintaining very high capacity utilization, semiconductor operations in the rapid and long term, issuing 12 inches of silicon and participating in state-owned business transformations, makes the company more likely in the future. We expect the company to have a research assistant profile in 2019-2021.
Qinghua University has a bachelor’s and master’s degree in nuclear power engineering, China, for four years, and a foreign company in the United States for three years, and has been involved in nuclear power, fire, electricity, and hydrocarbon projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with considerable experience in such areas as cost analysis of electricity projects and industrial policy research.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.