On November 12, China Ring announced its intention to cooperate with the Dadal Corporation. The photovolt and semiconductor industries, where there is a strong agreement between the two industries,
Dhar played a leading role in its holdings of global high-efficiency solar cells, components and photovoltaic systems. The company led the production of electronics with semiconductor sunpower split into two companies and registered the maxeonsolar in Singapore.
Global solar cell and assembly operations outside the United States and Canada are run by former sunpower. Markets are over 18%, and domestic markets are over-represented.
80%; photovoltaic monocrystal R & D is the leading global R & D level. Middle ring shares contribute $298 million in subscriptions to the increased equity of target companies, with the latter holding a share of 28.8480% to target public divisions and becoming their second largest shareholder.
The new target company will sell its ibc products to the global (except the United States and Canada) market under the brand "sunpower" and sell its products to the United States and Canada through a multi-year exclusive supply agreement with Sunpower.
Through this collaboration, the company will absorb the latest technology from the integration target company n-ibc batteries and stacking assemblies, based on the currently achievable volume of battery efficiency and failure.
In terms of potential, the ibc battery will be an important development for the future, and the creation of the tiles will also have a revolutionary effect on assembly technology, as will future developments. Companies can significantly increase their technological advantages by integrating their own crystal silicon materials with advanced technologies such as downstream batteries and components.
The future efficiency and performance of their own products, along with the downstream of their silicon business chains, vertical integration of corporate prices, and the creation of industry leaders. Expanding overseas distribution channels and opening up the pace of globalization.
Brand advantages, through which companies can expand their own overseas distribution channels and gain better access to global markets, provide a solid basis for the development of globalization.
B.A., North Korean University of Electricity, Master of Arts, Shanghai University of Transport, Baa, Manchester University (financial direction), joined East Hing Securities in May 2019 as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018.
B.A., Nuclear Science and Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection as a research assistant for the Nuclear Safety Review.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.