Growth, "Technology Lead + Mixing" in the future. Photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, where there is a strong synergy between the two industries, where companies dominate the use of semiconductors for electrical appliances.
29.82 per cent, of which $4.074 billion was collected in the third quarter, an increase of 45.76 per cent in the same year; third in the third quarter, the combined strength of the molten crystals-silicon tablets in the last three quarters, a net foreign profit of $702 million, an increase of 64.84 per cent in the same year, with a net profit of $250 million in the third quarter.
Market ownership exceeded 18 per cent and domestic market ownership exceeded 80 per cent; photovoltaic monocrystal R & D was a global leader, with 20.74 per cent Maori in the third quarter of single crystal, an increase of 3.50 pcts over the same period; net interest rate of 8.09 per cent in the last three quarters.
The combined strength of the chip, the overall size of the product, is ranked globally by 2.32 pcts on a year-on-year basis, with a net interest rate of 8.76 per cent for the third quarter, an increase of 2.21 pcts on a year-on-year basis.
Highlights for the next three to six months: new photovoltaic capacity is released as scheduled, and large silicon tablets will lead industry development. To date, four phases of the company’s inter-Mongolian transformation project have completed the climb of the production capacity, all-attainment, and the production of optical monocrysilica.
30gw: The five-phase project has also been successfully set up, with a total postnatal capacity of more than 55gw, with new production. The m12-sized silicon silicon silica, launched in the month, is expected to take advantage of the market to lead a new round of industrial development.
5 billion yuan was spent on the construction of the 8-12 inches semiconductor silicone line in the middle ring, and the shareholders also responded to the company's "medium lead" by 2.7 billion yuan, the semiconductor business was well funded, the 12-inch project was expanded, and it was going well, and it was expected to start production in the first quarter of 2020, which would break out of the country.
On September 18, the company announced its intention to implement a mixed ownership reform, move further towards market-based governance, introduce new capital and resources, and push group heights.
Quality development. This mix will bring new dynamism to the company, effectively upgrading its business and sustainable development capabilities, and creating synergies between business and capital operations.
1. Performance is as expected, with a two-wheel drive of photovoltaics plus semiconductors growing rapidly in the third quarter, operating cash flows good Silicon prices strong and additional productivity increases contributing to high performance growth. Companies achieved revenues of RMB 4,074 million in the third quarter, and Māori reached 20.74 per cent.
The same-year-old increase of 3.50 pcts, with bright performance, and a greater increase in the net profit from Maori. This is mainly due to the smooth release of the photovolatile single crystal silicone product, which has risen to 30gw for the entire three quarters and which, in the event of a global photovoltaic boom, has effectively contributed to the improvement of corporate performance: while the price of silicon is in the chain of the three-quarter photovoltaic industry as a whole, especially in the larger environment where the price of the downstream batteries and components has fallen down.
The company’s net operating cash flow for the third quarter of the year is $480 million, a 50 per cent increase over the same period.
The upward trend in operating cash flows has continued for 19 years. Given the trend in operating cash flows over the past three years, the company’s relatively strong ability to sell or pay back in the fourth quarter will generate more net cash flows, so we expect net operating cash flows in 2019 to be close to $3 billion, providing strong financial support for further expansion of the company’s production.
Figure 3: Trends in price movements in the photovoltaic industrial chain, 2019
With the advent of photovoltaic parity Internet access, large-scale silicons have been recognized by the market for increasing the power of their components by increasing the size of the silicon, and for spreading bos costs. The company released 12 inches of super-silicon in August.
The parent's "m12" series, a new attempt to apply semiconductor technology to the photovoltaic industry, and the largest silicon film in the current photovoltaic field, can be effective in reducing the cost of downstream battery and component manufacturers' production, driving a new wave of innovation in the photovoltaic industry. In the near future, battery and assembly manufacturers are expected to design their new production capacity directly for 210 mm silicon.
In the second place, in 2020, production will begin on a scale, with a projected output of 16gw, and once the downstream industry opens up the renewal of silicon production capacity, the company will be able to take advantage of the new market start-up, gain high market share and performance growth, and further consolidate its leadership and profitability.
1.3 The domestic semiconductor industry offers an opportunity for the semiconductor silicon industry to receive support from the state, with sufficient funds to develop rapidly. To further support the semiconductor industry’s nationalization and autonomous control, our support for the semiconductor industry has been increasing, with the recently established National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund II, Inc. (the “larger” company).
The Department has seized the opportunity of the semiconductor industry to actively promote the continuous design and development of the 8-12 inches silicon silicon building and future silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon from 8 inches to 12 inches.
The tin-free 8-12-inch semiconductor silicon project is designed to produce 9 million silica per year for 8 inches, 12 inches of silica per year, and the source of financial prosperity in the East, as reported by East Hing Securities.
With 7.2 million units of productive capacity released in tandem with rapid industrial development, the market for semiconductor operations is promising, and there is considerable scope for development, which will provide an inexhaustible impetus to the growth of corporate performance. Prices for photovoltaic silicon and industrial chains have fallen, prices for semiconductors have fallen, and semiconductor capacity has been released less than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
B.A., Shanghai University of Transport, and B.A., University of Manchester (financial direction), joined the Eung Xing Securities in May 2019 as guest speaker for the Swedish Green Transport Congress 2018. B.A., University of Xi'an, and Master of Nuclear Science and Engineering, University of Qinghua, formerly at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Department of Environmental Protection, for nuclear safety reviews
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.