Significant growth in performance, with both photovoltaic and semiconductor industries fast-growing into the long-term - significant growth in performance ratings in the first three quarters of 2019 and an increase in the Māori rate
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2019: 12,016 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019 (an increase of 29.82 per cent in the same year), 702 million yuan in net profit for mothers (an increase of 64.84 per cent in the same year) and 559 million yuan in net profit for non-retroactive mothers (an increase of 87.62 per cent in the same year). q3 yuan in operating income for the single quarter (an increase of $4,074 million in the same year)
With 45.8 per cent growth and 1.08 per cent decline in the ring ratio), the net return to the mother is 250 million yuan (98.6 per cent increase in the same year), and the growth of the production capacity of the ring luminous single crystallized silicon is strong, and the vanguard position is further entrenched, with the cost of the photovoltaic system falling and the expansion of the region of the world where photovoltaic flat access to the Internet is growing.
The competitive advantage of photovoltaics vis-à-vis other energy sources is further highlighted, and there is wide scope for long-term development. The company is currently one of the two taps of a single photovoltaic silicon silicon, with four and four phases of the company ' s inter-Mongolian transformation project being fully productive, with a total capacity of 30 gw of optical silicon material.
It can reach 55gw or more. The company's photovoltaic silicon-sized silicon is at the forefront of the industry, and in August 2019 the whole world was the first to launch a series of 12 inches of silicon silicon m12 products, which is expected to be modeled for commercialization downstream in 2020 and will further strengthen the company's competitive edge and leadership in the future.
• Tightening the opportunities for semiconductor industry transfer, optimizing the product structure for cross-cutting development, and firm-tightening the third industrial transfer opportunities period for semiconductors, with a strong development of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon silicon, the first 8 inches of which have been steadily exported, and 12 inches of international certification of large customers of silicon.
In the early 2020s, the Episode lead-in central integrated circuit silicon silicon large diameter (8-inch line) project was officially launched, with a 12-inch production line expected to move into a trial production phase, beginning in 2020, which will fill the gap in the country’s silicon silicon area of large-scale integrated circuits. As the semiconductor industry turns to mainland China.
So we're looking at the company's next eight inches of silicon and 12 single crystalline silicon material taps.
Inches of silicon are moving from client certification to delivery, and corporate semiconductor operations will develop across the board. “Performance meets expectations, global monocrystal material taps are maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating: we expect companies to make a net profit of 12.63 per cent in 2019-2021, respectively.
"Employing a plan to tie interests up to raise the public, the main business is fast and long, and we are looking forward to the company's photovoltage silicon tap and semiconductor business development potential" 2019-05-31.
Quick Quarterly Report High Growth, Keeping the Photovoltaic + Semiconductor Double Driving 2019-04-22
"Performance meets expectations, and silicon leads continue to silicon."