Capacity enhancement: According to pvinfolink data, as of the third quarter of 2019, the average price of single crystal silicon tablets (180 μm) was 3.12 yuan per chip, which was maintained at the beginning of q2. Companies issued the third quarter of 2019. Companies achieved business income of 12,216 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, representing an increase of 29.82 per cent over the previous quarter; attributed to the above, companies achieved business income of $4,074 million in the third quarter of 2019, representing an increase of 45.80 per cent, a decline of 1.08 per cent over the previous quarter; attributed to listed companies ' shares.
Further upscaling: the industry is now moving towards the middle of the upper cycle, when domestic and overseas demand growth is determined to be relative, and the demand for subsequent global parities will open up further room for stable industrial growth; the company ' s productive capacity will be released mainly at the middle of the upper cycle of the photovoltaic industry, where, in particular, the company ' s single-season Māori rate is 20.51 per cent, an increase of 3.47 ppt; ring growth is 1.68 ppt. Looking ahead, the oligopolistic patterns and the company ' s technological advantages and advantages of the chain.
The increase in profit levels is close to eight points and will further enhance the efficiency of photovoltaic power generation by promoting the application of the n thin silicon. From our tracking the progress of the project, the dividends of the state reform are expected to continue to be released, thus contributing to further improvements in business management. According to recent announcements, the NRC is more sustained, is a type of post-PV cycle, and the release of capacity is expected to lead to further rapid growth in company performance.
Technological innovations, such as large silicon tablets, have made better progress and are expected to lead the next round of growth. According to our industry chain research, the current trend of silicon megamerization in the photovoltaic sector has been compared to the current bidding process, which is expected to yield better scale results in the first half of 2020; the target is expected to rise from the long term, by 2.3% compared to the beginning of the year; the increase in the price of silicon photovolts has contributed to higher corporate performance; and, at the same time, the benefits have been derived from the reduced effects of the release of productive capacity, the company has three companies.
Specifically, 210 large silicone tablets are expected to increase the capacity of the components’ endpoints and to be more sustainable in the future. In terms of industry chain prices, the silicon links are strong because of tight supply and demand in 2019 and are subject to downward and downward price trends, while the four- and four-stage conversion projects of the silicone tablets reached production in the first half of 2019, and the silicon production capacity is expected to rise to 30gw in the next quarter.
The new growth brought about by the reforms reduces cost capacity, and the profitability is more sustainable than the good trend. Increasing corporate market share and profit ratio, and thus increasing corporate valuation.
(002129.sz) Technical lead is expected to pass through 2019.09.
Ittd Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
Future mixing is expected to yield dividends on a sustainable basis: the biggest dividend is likely to be the ability to raise the equity share of core management and further activate the mechanism so that, as usual, a steady increase is expected over the next few months, signalling a further consolidation of the foundation for the company's semiconductor large silicon silicon project, and the certainty of growth 12 inches per month, of which an appropriate plant is expected to produce 1 8 inch line in 2019h2 and a 12-inch project in 2020q1 in half.
In the current industry low-end period, 27.24% of the leading shareholders in the central ring are attributed to the parent company ' s net profits of 11.48, 17.19 and 2.234 billion yuan, representing an increase of 81.61%, 49.72%, and 29.94%, respectively, and a reduction of eps. The company has now achieved design capacity for the 8 inch silicon expansion project in Tianjin, and this will result in a future of 1.05 million tablets/month and 150,000 per month.
A single-volatile silicon silicon head, technological innovation and reform dividends will further expand its competitive advantage, and the semiconductor large silicon silicon is expected to accelerate import substitution, based on risk factors: changes in the climate in the photovoltaic industry; the expansion of the silicon silicon silicon in the light of expectations; the lack of demand in overseas markets; the increased risk of competition in the market; and the release of capacity when it is right, the upward cycle of the semiconductor sector in the future. In terms of industry dynamics, the National Integrated Circuit Fund II is now operational.
In the near future, the financing of the semiconductor large silicon silicon project is expected to further enhance its development expectations and value premiums. In the recent past, the company has been given a non-public release of approvals, and a dozen-and-a-half-year silicon clients have developed less than expected risks, among other things.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. The start-up of new energy industries, such as lithium batteries, power cells, fuel cells, photovoltaic cells, photovoltaic stations, is well understood and resource-rich in industrial chains, industry development, investment opportunities in market and industrial development, and so on.
B.A. in Science, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Zhejiang University, six years of work experience in new energy industries, seven years of experience in finance; business team was the first in the country to work at the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre and is currently engaged in new energy research.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of clients. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. The present report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended to the public and does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information they wear. The opinion, assessment and forecasting instrument is used for the purposes of the present report, and the securities or investments referred to in the present report are presented for the purposes for which it was originally presented.
, the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, different perspectives and analytical methods are used, resulting in the sale of investors, investors should independently assess the information and comments contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and, if necessary, the law.