On 11 October 2019,1 the company recently released its performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019: in the first three quarters of 2019, the company expected to realize a net profit of 682 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The company announced that on 18 September 2019 it had been notified by the controlling shareholder, Tianjin Tianjin Electronic Information Group Ltd., that the group intended to implement matters related to the reform of the mixed ownership system and to carry out the work of accounting, auditing and evaluation on a base date of 31 August 2019.3 On 16 September 2019, the company received a notice from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board concerning the non-public release of the approval of Tianjin Middle Ring Semiconductor Holdings Limited.
Companies are a variety of post-PV cycles, and technological innovations and reforms lead to a new growth cycle. According to our statistics on the pace of effective production of company photovoltaic silicon, corporate profits are released mainly in the mid- and late-stage stages of the PV cycle; the PV industry is now moving into the mid- and late-stage stages of the previous cycle, and the demand for global parity Internet access is needed to open up further the space for stable industrial growth, with middle-ring shares among the better investment targets at this stage.
The scope for growth has been further expanded: technological innovation is reflected mainly in the economic enhancement of photovoltaic power stations through large silicon tablets; the reform dimension is reflected in the continuous release of State enterprise reforms, which have increased managerial motivation and efficiency.
Given the reasons for the acceleration of performance, which largely benefited from the industry’s upward cycle, the clear trend of industrial crystallization, coupled with improvements in its own business management, and the important reason for this is that the third quarter of 2018 was a low industry, with a low corporate performance base. In terms of performance continuity, we believe that there is room for further improvements in corporate profitability over the next three quarters, as a result of a series of improvements in business management, such as smart transformations and personnel efficiency improvements.
The company’s recent growth of m12-voltled silicon is expected to raise the value of component terminals by nearly eight points, and will boost the use of n-silica silicon, thereby further increasing the efficiency of photovoltaic power plants and opening up the space for a large web cycle. Given the progress of our industrial chain project, there are ongoing projects that are being tendered, matching equipment, materials, etc.
Itd expects better results by the end of this year or early 2020 and is expected to raise the company ' s market share and profit-making ratio in the long term in the future.
In the light of recent announcements, the National Finance Committee’s continued activity is expected to be strong, and future changes are expected to continue to deliver: the biggest dividend is likely to be the ability to raise the equity share of the core management and further activate the mechanism.
The financing of the semiconductor large silicone project is on the verge of further raising its development expectations and valuation premiums. Recently, the company has received a non-public release of approvals, which, according to the usual process, are expected to rise in the coming months, heralding a further consolidation of the foundation for the company’s semiconductor silicone project, and growing certainty.
The company's current 8-inch silicon expansion project has already achieved design capacity, and this increase will enable the company to produce 1.05 million silica per month and 150,000 silica per month in the future, with an appropriate plant expected to produce 1 8-inch line in 2019h2, a 12-inch project in 2020q1 and a semi-carbon large silicon project to move forward and accelerate the pace of import substitution.
When the capacity is released properly, the semiconductor industry will enjoy an upward cycle in the future. With a light-voltage single-crystal silicon tap, technological innovation and reform dividends will further expand its competitive advantage, and semiconductor large-sized silicon silicons are expected to accelerate import substitution, which is why we maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: Risks of change in the landscape of the photovoltaic industry: less than expected risks from the expansion of the big silicon tablets; less than expected risks from overseas market demand; increased risks from competition in the market; less than expected risks from large-scale semiconductor silicon clients; growth and growth, etc.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, University of Jilin, July 2018, Joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.