Quick growth, photovoltaic, semiconductor silicon production, sustained growth, high performance growth, 65% increase in the parent profit ring, company announcement, 12.16 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 29.82% in business.
A net cash flow of 1,332 million yuan, an increase of 54.82 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 702 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, compared to the same quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 4.63 billion yuan in the second quarter, a net operating cash flow of 480 million yuan, a net gain of 250 million yuan for the mother, a net profit of 205 million yuan from the non-return to the mother, and a high rate of increase in the data.
Intra-company growth is the main reason for growth in performance in a more stable environment for the Volcano and semi-conductor industries. The company’s ongoing expansion of photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon production is continuing, and the industry is warming, and its future performance will continue to be higher than that of the luminous five-stage project, with large silicon products being released, and the company’s profitability will be further enhanced.
The four phases of Mongolia and the transformation project have been completed and are now in production, with the first half of the year 2019: a gradual rebound in corporate performance, one season
In addition, the company promoted five production expansion projects in Inner Mongolia to fill the high-quality capacity gap, which will reach 25gw. Five projects are expected to start in 2020, with full production in 2021, and the company’s capacity for photovoltaic silicon is expected to double.
Q: Inner growth drives the first half of the year’s performance, and in the new sense, the company is expected to take the lead in this wave of upgrading.
We believe that the demand in overseas markets is strong this year, that single crystal silicon prices will return to a reasonable profit zone, that corporate output will continue to expand, that companies will not only be able to increase market ownership further, but that the low cost of subsequent new production will make the profitability of companies even more evident.
After approval, semiconductor silicon silicon performance began to be released and became another growth point for the company. Monthly output, official Hing factory expected 1 8-inch production line in the second half of the year, 12-inch project expected to move in equipment in the fourth quarter of 2019, start production in the first quarter of 2020, continue according to project design progress, and the company will continue to be non-soil-free in the future.
In addition, the 5-inch gpp expansion project will further increase market ownership. The company’s semiconductor performance is expected to double this year, its future capacity will continue to be invested, and growth in the company’s performance will be driven by a two-wheel drive.
Dollars, corresponding to 25 x, 19 x and 14 x, taking into account the company's leading position in the solar monocrystal field, the risk of falling prices in the semiconductor industrial chain; semiconductor silicon production capacity to release less than expected risks; future large silicon prices
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.