The reduction in efficiency gains was significant, with a significant increase in profits realized in 2023 - China Aluminum (60160.sh) incident assessment report, Chinese aluminium industry published its annual report for 2023: the company ' s operating income in 2023
▪ The company strengthened its production controls to avoid the risk of price fluctuations, and electrolytic aluminum hairs performed significantly and effectively against the risk of market price fluctuations, achieving better performance. In 2023, while aluminium prices affected revenue, the company strengthened its production tubes.
Control, while increasing capacity utilization and maintaining product quality as industry leads, costs are significantly reduced, so profits are still growing well. Volume: Aluminium fine oxide production by companies has increased significantly. Aluminium oxide production by companies in 2023
16,67 million tons, or 5.50 per cent of the same year, of fine aluminium oxide production of 499,000 tons, or 16.32 per cent of the same year, of original aluminium (including alloys) of 6.79 million tons, or -1.31 per cent of the same year, and of coal production of 13,05 million tons, or +21.51 per cent of the same year.
Prices: Aluminium electrolysis, aluminium oxide, fallback on a year-on-year basis. In 2023, an average price of $18702 per ton for a00 aluminium in the Yangtze River market was ~ 6.43 per cent in the same year, and an average price of $3120 per ton for aluminium oxide: the Māori rate of the company's electrolytic aluminium plate increased.
The company accelerated the restructuring of the industry and actively promoted the 2 million in the 2nd phase of Guangxihua.
The Ton Aluminium Oxide Project, the 420,000 tonnes Light Alloy Materials Project in Inner Mongolia Clouds. According to the company ' s announcement, the Guangxihua II project is expected to be operational in 2025, corresponding to an additional 2 million tonnes of aluminium oxide production capacity.
The net domestic production of electrolytic aluminium was limited in 2024, with a projected net domestic output of 550,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in 2024, and a lower than expected supply. According to Kiwakawa, as of 28 March 2024, China had electricity.
In 2024, China produced 1.65 million tons of electrolytic aluminium. In 2024, China built 2.98 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in 2024, and is expected to finally be produced in the course of the year.
The “buy-in” investment rating is maintained in view of the fact that the company is the leading domestic aluminium industry and the largest producer of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium in the world, and that the cost of intra-group sales of aluminium oxide is relatively high, and the price of supercharged aluminum is expected to continue to rise.
1) Policy-limited production risks; 2) risk of falling prices for major products; 3) risk of fluctuations in raw materials and energy prices; 4) risk of new projects coming into production at a slower pace than expected.
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.