The advantage of the complete aluminium industry chain is clear and expected to rise in 2024 in real terms, and the impairment of assets affects q4 performance. 2023q4 achieved operating revenue loss of $755 million, mainly on the same basis as the impairment of backward productive assets in the restructuring of the industry.
The production of bauxite and electrolytic aluminium has remained essentially flat, with a significant increase in coal production. In 2023, the company produced 30.42 million tons of bauxite, 1,667 million tons of metallurgical-grade aluminium oxide, a decrease of 5.50 per cent in the same year, and 6.79 million tons of original aluminium (including alloys), a decrease of 1.31 per cent in the same year.
In 2024, China’s aluminium oxide market was projected to maintain a tight balance, and prices for electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide were expected to remain high. Resource security was raised, and industrial development accelerated.
21 million tons of resources: in addition, 271 million tons of new coal resources were acquired from Ningxia energy. The Department accelerated the restructuring of the industry and actively promoted the 2 million tons of aluminium oxide projects in Guangxihua, 420,000 tons of light alloy materials in Inner Mongolia Clouds, and 500,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in the Qinghai Branch.
China Aluminium Industries Group Ltd. Project and a number of priority projects, such as the Dharma flag 1200mw source-net storage project; Ningdong 250mw full-scale photovolt-connected enterprise with a new distribution of 303mw; company in high purity
Implementation of the three-year plan for the regenerative aluminium industry, with the project being phased in. Your state branch produced 50,000 tons of regenerative aluminium a year to complete the demonstration line, and the 60,000 tons of regenerative aluminum project was re-established.
Half-yearly, 192,000 tons of scrap aluminium were eliminated. Accelerated solid waste disposal utilization, with 14.85 per cent combined use of scavengers, the best level ever achieved; new advances in electrolytic aluminium “triple waste” disposal and combined use, with the construction of model disposal lines for the aluminum industry, new materials in Shanxi, and alumina lymphate “triple waste” electrolysis, year-on-year.
The disposal capacity reached 100,000 tons, with large fluctuations in the price of electrolytic aluminium; large fluctuations in the price of aluminium oxide; higher costs of raw materials; less than expected downstream demand; and macroeconomic fluctuations.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.