The high performance of tedis led by high performance, and companies increased their operating income by 20.8 billion yuan, an increase of 20.6 per cent in the same year, with a 24.2 per cent increase in the same year ' s income from going concern; a net profit of 6.31 billion yuan, an increase of 44.4 per cent in the same year ' s return to the adjusted mother; and a deduction.
The high performance of tedis led by high performance and the company upgraded its year-round performance guidelines. Practice No.: s15005241200031 Chemical (wuxichemistry): 2025 H1 Chemical Operations became operational
5.2 pts. Of these, small molecular drug discovery (r) has successfully synthesized and delivered more than 440,000 new compounds in the past 12 months, with 158 conversion molecules in 2025 h1 from r to d; small fraction subprocess research and development and production (d&m) have generated revenues of $8.68 billion, an increase of 17.5 per cent.
By the end of June 2025, the total number of small molecules d&m tubes amounted to 3,409, including 76 commercialization projects, 84 clinical iii phase projects, 368 clinical ii phase projects, 2,881 clinical pre- and clinical stage projects.
By the end of June 2025, Tides had grown by 48.8 per cent on hand orders.
Rich, with plans to raise Pyrophoric Synthetic Capacity to over 100,000 litres by the end of 2025, we hope to see that the business of Titus will continue to be high for the next 1-2 years. 2) Testing (wuxitesting): 2025 h1 achieved business income
12.3 pts. Specifically, laboratory analysis and testing services generated $1.89 billion, a year-on-year increase, which we believe is mainly due to the relative relative share of domestic operations, which can be seen as marginal improvements, such as the one-quarter laboratory analysis and testing operations in q2 in 2025.
Maintenance of year-round guidelines with a reverse growth in the business of Tides by 5.5 per cent and a 13.2 per cent increase in the ring, with drug safety evaluation operations increasing by 13.2 per cent, including the same increase in the business of drug safety by 3. Biology (wuxibiology): H1 company biobusiness realization camp, 2025
In vitro comprehensive screening platform technology and pharmacology in the body accelerates breakthroughs, and new molecules are new.
Type-based drug discovery services continue to perform well, with income contributions exceeding 30%. We recognize that cindasecuritiesco.ltd has performed well in corporate biology and continued to drive more than 20% of companies in 2025 h1
In Beijing, the new client of the Golden House, No. 127 A., in Beijing’s west town district,b is an important support point for the company’s development. Overall, H1’s performance grew in 2025, mainly as a result of Tisis’s operations.
By 37.2%, we expect strong corporate growth in the second half of the year. On the basis of this report, overseas clients account for about 85%, and geopolitical risks are fully developed.
We believe that, from the Biosecurity Act of 2024 to the mid-2025 U.S. tariff conflict, market concerns about geopolitical risks have been fully developed, and business growth by customers from the U.S. in 2025 has remained strong, once again dispelling market concerns, and globalization has become unstoppable.
Market commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry, and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, has been well-established.
Baccalaureate, five years of research experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and in 2024, she became a member of the Cadastre, covering medical services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc. She worked on the Congzheng stocks, she joined the Cadastre in 2023 and was responsible for medical equipment, in vitro diagnostics, icl., etc.
In 2023, he joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and credit instruments.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.