· 25% yoy, adjusted non-ifrs net profit return + 47.9%
Yoy, Visible Supermarket Expectations: Company 1h25 achieves RMB 20.799 billion (+20.6% yoy), of which RMB 20.41 billion (+24.2% yoy) is going through business, and profit forecasts are consistent, significantly exceeding market expectations prior to the profit forecast. 2q25 is revenue.
Growth (+23.1% yoy), mainly due to the continued rapid growth in the income of small molecules d&m and tides, the rapid rise in United States income at a high rate of increase to +48.1% yoy (vs.1q25:qoq), and a further 32.6% increase in the adjusted net return interest rate of noon-ifrs (+6.1 ppts)
Yoy, +4.9 pptsqoq) is largely the result of an increase in late-stage and commercialized projects, more efficient production and arts improvements, and a more successful climb of new production capabilities than expected. Small molecules d&m revenue, tides operations continue to be a strong driver of 2q25 income growth and boost.
The Māori rate. 2q25 wuxichimistry achieved a strong same-year increase (+34.0% yoy, +20.6% qoq) and tides continued to grow strongly (+80.2% yoy, +4.9% qoq). By the end of June, Tides had increased by 48.8% yoy on hand orders.
Optimization and growth of post-clinic and commercialization projects (2q25 additional two clinical three-stage and 1 commercial) have resulted in a steady increase in productivity, with a 2q25-adjusted non-ifrs Māori ratio rising significantly to 50.2% (+6.0 pptsoy).
The project and the continuous process of optimizing efficiency and the separation of operations at 1h25 will help the company to further improve profit margins at 2h25. Moreover, this year ' s capex guidelines will remain the same (7-8 billion yuan), but this year ' s free cash flow guidelines will follow.
However, management indicated that the company ' s observation of its overall early business needs remained slightly weak (although there was a strong demand for some new molecule types), mainly because of the fact that it was not able to do so.
Early biotech companies abroad still face financing challenges, so the company expects that early business needs will still require more time to achieve a significant recovery. Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Pharmacy Condt (2359.hk)
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, optimistic and pessimistic scenario scenario
Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimism: Corporate growth is better than expected Customer access and project progress is less than expected
(a) The growth of new business is better than expected;
(b) The adjusted net interest rate of noon-ifrs is less than 20 per cent;
Pessimistic scenario: corporate growth is less than expected.
(b) New business growth is better than expected;
(c) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
Net interest rates adjusted for non-ifrs are less than 20%; Central American geopoliticals are better than expected; Central American friction has escalated.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
All information is collected and distributed to anyone without authorization. No person may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as a reference to the purchase or release of information.
An offer or offer to sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transactions covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated and may be modified at a later date without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the information contained in this report. In addition to a statement of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sang’s international securities.