The Chinese automobiles performed well and the customer and business structure continued to optimize.
The net profit of the mother is $1.71 billion (+32.1%) and performance is robust. Corporate clients and business structures continue to perform well.
Management costs decreased by 6.7 per cent, mainly due to reductions in office operating costs, research and development costs by 14.0 per cent, mainly due to an increase in research and development projects, financial costs by $100 million (-251.9 per cent) and the Māori rate by 0.1 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $50.0 billion (+18.7 per cent) not attributable to the mother.
Clients and business structures continue to be optimized for long-term development.
The sales of luxury brands such as Middle bba exceed $30 billion, new energy companies such as Tesla, Biadei, Uri, Peng, Ideas, etc. have been set up with over $12 billion, the Great Wall, Changan, Gilly, Hiro, etc., have been branded with more than $9 billion, and the client structure has continued to be optimized.
The acquisition of 49.9 per cent of the shareholdings and other related assets by Toto Seats Ltd., which allows for autonomous control over the operation of the car seat, is conducive to future business expansion; the sale of 27 per cent of the shareholdings in the Fareo rain and exits from non-core business areas. Companies continue to optimize their business structures through such measures as acquisition, sale, etc.
In terms of intelligence, it is possible to develop an autonomous 4d-millimeter wave radar product, form a complete product line for the millimetre wave radar, and obtain a full-scale spot for the entire project;
The smart seating system, etc., is well-structured, with high-end European and American vehicle fixes; the Chinese domain, where the visual realization of products such as dlp digital lamps is delivered in bulk. In the field of electricization, 210,000 power engines (+160.0%) and 58,000 power-drivers were sold in 2021, and the power-drivers were also found to be successful.
Based on the market collection on April 29, 2022, the Lwo Global Point, 800v high-voltage power drive completes prototype development, high-power power power drive systems are targeted at customers like the Wall, and the company is replaced by a national product of power semiconductor modules and chips.
In the context of improved electrodynamic and intelligent layout, continued client outreach, and promising future prospects, the World of Automobiles: Fulfilling Expectations, Product and Client Outreach Promoting Long-term Growth, 20210827
Volkswagen: q4 rapid growth in performance, business integration prospects 1) automobile sales fall short of expectations; 2) product prices fall sharply; 3) cost increases such as raw materials.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.