On 30 June 2024, the exit capacity gap of large offshore plants was widened and stock was cleared to drive up prices.
Three stars and sk Hercules stopped supply ddr3, and light reduced dddr3 capacity, adding up to the expansion of other plants.
Limited, Liquidram has started to raise prices by 20 per cent in 24q1 and we expect the increase to continue into a total equity share (million shares):
Market value in circulation (millions): Models are gradually expanding, and production capacity is continuously increasing and it is expected to fill the capacity gap. 2) Noorflash stocks return to health and supply and demand mismatches drive up the prices of products. 23h2 consumer electronics are rising.
During a smooth recovery phase, the supply-side stock is phased out, leading to a significant drop in the price of noorflash. In addition, the 24h2 server load will enter the growth period, increasing its capacity from 64 mb to 128 mb, leading to a rise in the price of noorflash, and boosts adas as the 193 cars land.
For norflash demand, tws headphones, alphones, and alpc will also accelerate demand for nor. The company is expected to follow suit as the main manufacturer moves nor production capacity to higher cis due to the lack of expansion plans.
Prices, profit-making capacity, are expected to be repaired. 3) Demand release drives price hikes in slcnand, where companies expand to take orders from large domestic customers.slcnand is affected by the subside demand for norflash in the downstream landscape and in some consumer electronics.
In addition, firms are expected to move into the release period. With higher value for money into the domestic chain of large customers, firms are able to expand their production considerably to meet the demand for their orders, gradually increasing their market share in the larger clients, which is an important support for the growth of their performance.
Downward risk: downward climate acceleration: major offshore plant acceleration: market shares continue to rise Up risk: product prices are not warming as expected: downstream demand is recovering as expected; other systemic winds, based on the dynamic peb of the year, are valued at market averages, but corporate shares are seen in ntmpeb
Price valuations are slightly higher than market averages, but given the downstream de-stocking of noorflash, the retreat of the rich dram from the ddr3 market and the prospect of a return to the warm-up mcu business, the company is expected to return to the growth track in the next two years, with greater elasticity and valuation support for the company’s profitability.
2: For the current stage, we cover and give a “buy-in” rating, we see the following logical changes in investment: 1) noorflash stocks tend to be healthy and supply-demand mismatches drive up prices. On the demand side, 23h2, consumer electronics are approaching the end of the bank, pushing up prices for products with high price drops. We think that in 24h2, we get a one-time server.
On the supply side, there is no expansion plan for the main norflash manufacturer, which is to add parts of the plant.
The shift from noor capacity to more profitable cos. The mismatch between supply and demand has led to a strong willingness to keep prices up in Taiwan.
Samsung and ssk Hercules announced a 24h2 cessation of supply of ddr3, a significant reduction of ddr3 capacity in the light, and a further increase in the output gap in the base dram, with a 20% increase in the price of 24q1. Given the limited expansion of innovation in South Asia, China, and Moe, Lijidram prices are expected to continue into 2025.
The continuous decline in dram sales since the branded dram has significantly decreased in 23q3, and the expansion of purchasing surrogates to provide security for the company’s productive capacity will increase further to its own Māori ratio. With industry-driven and self-driven initiatives, dram operations will be an important support for the growth of corporate performance.
3) Demand release drives slcnand prices up, and companies expand to larger domestic customers. Slcnand prices up, in addition to the downwind uplift, are affected by the demand of slcnand for noorflash in some consumer electronics. The nonorflash of 256mb and 512m in consumer electronics is starting to fall to a lower price of 1gb.
Or a slc of 2gb, which leads to higher product prices with a double factor. The company’s expansion of slcnand is used to expand the share of large domestic customers, with a firm having a strong performance and a higher value-for-money advantage than other competitors, and its market share will increase steadily with increased output.
4) Waiting for the car to cool down, the new mcu-m7 assistive artificial intelligence. The company places the mcu focus in the car's domain, but the short-term need for cars is weak after the downstream stock cycle is released from upstream capacity, but the trend towards electro-smartization is still better supported, and we anticipate future storage as the plant and the Tier1 inventory drops.
The company’s introduction in 2023 of the Chinese primer mcu product, based on anrmcorpex-m7, could be applied to a number of high-end innovation scenarios, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence. At this point, the company’s stock prices and valuations are judged.
At this point in time, we cover for the first time the omens of innovation and give a "buy-in" rating based on the current industry's cramming characteristics and firm performance growth certainty and foreseeable future market voids in this turn-off, straight-off industry indexes, markets with weak demand in the next cycle, high stock holdings in the storage industry and falling product asp.
At this stage, the gradual liquidation of supply-side stocks, the rising demand for corporate products and the upward trend in product-asp are beginning to become apparent, providing better performance support for the performance of companies that will phase out the market as the second largest noorflash manufacturer in the world and will benefit fully from the higher prices of products, the mismatch between supply and demand, etc.
The benefits of the marginal changes, coupled with the widening of the nichedram capacity gap and longer product price increases, will guarantee the company’s own branded dram’s revenues, and the company’s sustained growth in the medium to long term will be an important reason for giving the company a certain margin valuation at the bottom of the current cycle.
From a valuation point of view, taking into account the rise in prices for supply-side inventory, the rise in downstream demand to release corporate revenue, the obvious certainty, the withdrawal of offshore leaders from the company's share of the market, the expansion of the product into the industry chain of large clients and the evolution of the core logic of product models,
Downstream customer inventory cleared, noor price rebounded into the up-to-date cycle, noorflash vendor revenues warmed back and industry returned to the upturning cycle. Since 24q1, with the decomposition of the nonflash inventory gradually completed, needs fully recovered and asp repair facilitated a return of noorflash sales.
Growth track. We're counting the sales volume of the world's nonflashtop3 at the end of the month, and we're now in the same period of growth, with two companies gathering early in the 23rd year, driven by a repository of downstream inventory de-diversion.
Figure 7: Global netflash sales (millions of United States dollars) from the global Nornflash competition pattern, we measure the share of the global market of about 60 per cent of the world ' s noorflash, the share of 23h2 trillion easy to innovate, rising from the third to the full.
From the point of view of supply and demand in the industry, there is a downward trend at the global supply end, where demand is driven by a recovery in consumption and a steady decline in new applications, and where there is a risk of mismatch between supply and demand. On the supply side, we have been able to sort out the capacity of the world’s leading nonflash producers: on the one hand,
In the short term, there are no plans to expand production lines for middle- and station-based producers; on the other hand, with the cis heat, some of the plants or the cis that switched production lines to higher profit margins have resulted in noorflash capacity being squeezed. We measure the current global production capacity of noorflash at about 97.5 kpmwafer, supporting about 19 billion dollars of market space.
On the demand side, 1)ai server demand for storage has been gradually upgraded from 64mb to 128mb, i've been in the market space for billions of dollars: 3) tws headphone upgrades for norflash have been gradually upgraded to 128mb, 256mb, and alpha and alpc penetration will further drive norflash in the consumer collar.
On the demand side, we measure the noorflash demand market in 2025 at nearly $21.5 billion, stored in a certain mismatch between supply and demand. As the new application continues, noorflash demand is expected to lead the way. Figure 11: Global noorflash production measurement (waferk/month)
Figure 12: Global noorflash needs measurement (billions of rmb) Large offshore plants exited Liquidddrdr3 and the company self-researched dram to absorb demand and the dram industry gradually balanced supply and demand under the strategy of Tristar, sk Hercules and Light Cutting Production.
Prices have returned to growth routes, and recovery is now on the rise. At the same time, as Samsung, Sk Hercules, and Light gradually shift their production capacity to higher value-added areas such as ddr4, ddr5, hbm, the supply gap in the ddr3 market, the price of the product rises, and in the context of the limited expansion of producers in South Asia, China, and mega-innovations, we expect niche products.
We estimate that the withdrawal of large plants from the niche market will leave some $1.2 billion in market space for other producers, such as Moe. The Moi will continue to push the dram self-research product, now leading the dram’s state-of-the-art process.
The Department is now cutting into the market for dram storage in the consumer and industrial areas. By contrast with the product lines, the Dram product line is in the 25-20nm stage, and the omen is already ahead of the 1xnm technical process and is expected to capture a larger market share of the ddr3 product at lower cost. 23 years of company ddr34gb, 2gb products
With a new round of investment in long-term technology and an increase of 1.88% of the stock in long-term technology, the long-term expansion of production after a round of financing will also be counter-fearing operations, and we expect a long run in the area of dram.
The mcu waits for the return of the car, and the company, as the country's Mcu tap supplier, is located in the "mcu department store" and continues to enrich the product lines.
At the end of 2023, the company launched the gd32a490 series of high-performance car regulation mcu new products, which is closely aligned with car electronic development needs with the advantages of high-frequency, large-capacity, high-integration and high-reliability features.
Industry is competitive, and the delivery is still in the bottom zone. In the light of the cyclical recovery judgement of large factories like the dodi, we think that 24q4-25q2, along with the drop in water levels at the car factory and Tier1, the need to replenish the reservoir is expected to lead the industry to re-emerge in figure 18: mcu price trends (US$)
Micro-innovation is the leading semiconductor equipment manufacturer in the country, company multi-product track layouts, and the main products include storage, mcu, and sensors. The memory is the company’s main business, mainly the nonflash, slcnand, and dram. The company is the second largest nonflash manufacturer in the world, and China’s top 32-bit arm.
Handiprint sensor supplier using sex mcu and Chinese second. mcu noorflash: 512k capacity
Up to 2gb, voltage covers 3v, 1.8v, 32 mcu lead manufacturers in the country, including touch chip, fingerprint recognition.
1.2v and 46 product lines for battery power supply, excess of 600 products, product content
Touch chip applied to cell phones, flat-gauge armcorpex-m3, m4, nandflash: mass production of 38nm and
Interactive m23, m33 and m7 are global 24nm programs with capacity cover of 1-8gb,
In the field, there are nearly a billion shipments a year, the first one is launched and the volume is based on a level of coverage in the generic flat market.
Spi 32-bit generic urn coverage in consumer, industrial and auto risc-v, 38 nmslc
Fingerprint chips include electrocution fingerprints, the launch of the Chinese first in 23 years, based on fingerprints under the oled screen, etc.
M7 kernels, applicable to dram: Starting to own brand, is the second-highest fingerprinting in China.
High-volume ddr3 and ddr4, ddr3 covering 1/2/4gb capacity,
End-of-the-life innovation scenario. ddr4 is mainly 4gb capacity, which is expected to be launched this year.
Short-term corporate performance pressure of 23 years, 24q1 marginal repairs are evident. Since 22h2, the global semiconductor has warmed back, and the net profit achieved has been reversed. Figure 22: Net corporate gain and change (millions of dollars)
Figure 21: Corporate revenue collection and change (millions of dollars) is solid in its basics, growing with its own branded dram. The company, as the world’s second-largest noor flash manufacturer, is well supported by the size of the company’s collections.
The launch of the branded dram product in June 2021 gradually reduced the size of the dram sales, and the company’s profitability is expected to improve as the size of the company’s dram procurement agent increases. The dram sales switch to its own, and demand recovery is needed. The company’s Māori ratio has been in place since 2022.
The downside, where the storage chip is under pressure from high stock prices, the low value of the 23q3 company ' s business dram has been significantly reduced, and the company ' s Māori ratio has recovered considerably from the sale of impaired stock products. It is not expected to be derived from the expansion of brand branded dram, higher product prices and a sustained recovery in downstream demand, and the company ' s profitability.
Figure 25: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates for companies
In terms of inventories, there has been no faulty growth in the company’s stock levels since the bottom-week period of 22h2, focusing on inventory management to reduce inventory pressure. 23h2 eliminates electronic warming to drive the company’s inventory water levels down, product price pressures are reduced, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to recover.
Storage chip: The company, the world ' s second-largest noorflash manufacturer, will benefit fully from higher prices for products driven by banks, the Nand business will benefit from higher downstream demand climates and the slcnand in partial consumer electron vs.norflash mcu: the company will gradually focus on mcu in the automobile sector, short-term vehicle demand will be weak and in the future, as the factory and the car industry will become involved.
In 2023, the company launched China’s first product, mcu, based on the armcorpex-m7 core, which is expected to benefit from the ii wave. We expect the company’s mcu business collection to reach $11.124.1280 million in 2024-2026, an increase over the same period.
Micro-innovation is the leading domestic store and mcu manufacturer, and we're picking plough shares, east kernel shares, scintillation, and the downwinding is accelerating: the ongoing improvement in global macroeconomics will drive industries, the macro-environment will improve further, and good will benefit the company's performance.
Large offshore plants accelerate their exit: Samsung and ssk Hercules expect 24h2 production to stop dddr3, Light has significantly reduced dddr3 capacity, and if large offshore plants accelerate their exit, demand for their products will increase, and company performance will accelerate. Market share will continue to rise: companies will take on more shares of large overseas plants’ markets, crowding out more Chinese, Wanghong, etc.
Commodity prices are not warming as expected: current prices for corporate products are warming and, if they do not, they will generate less demand downstream for company performance than expected: consumer electronic demand is now slowly recovering and automobiles and industries are still going to stock cycles, if not later
Other systemic risks: China-US trade frictions, marginal political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.