(603986.sh) Electronic integrated circuitsii "savage" as a cornerstone is expected
The company’s core product lines are the memory (flash, base dram), 32-bit generic mcu, smart-body interactive sensors, simulation products, and overall solutions.
In the mcu area, companies can offer 51 series, 600+ model options, with a cumulative output of more than 1.57 billion. In the fingerprint chip area, public-sector deep-deep sensors, signal chains, algorithms, and solutions are important ecological contributions.
107.23/60.00 An increase in the basic stability of the Nor, which holds the opportunity to restructure the dram supercycle/large plant capacity. (1) Noor flash: Affordable innovation occupancy rate continues to grow, with product coverage of 512 kb-2gb. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry.
According to the World Noorflashcr 3, which accounted for more than 90 per cent in 2021, continental firms accounted for 23.2 per cent of the total, up 16.2 pcts from 2016 (based on data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the share of the global market of noorflash in 2016 was only 7 per cent). According to a question-and-answer by investors of 2024-07-18,
Web-feetresearch reports that the mega-renovation serialnorflash city rankings in 2023 are further elevated to second place in the world. The company spinorflash offers up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, and meets the different storage spaces required for a variety of real-time operating systems; and has four different voltage paradigms.
3v, 1.8v, 1.2v, and 1.65v~3.6v wide-pressure power supply series for battery power applications: at the same time, up to 20 different types of containment options are available to meet customer demand for capacity, voltage and containment forms in different applications.
As the industry’s supply and demand relationship improves significantly, the storage plant’s increased capital expenditure is mainly directed towards the expansion of more advanced products.
Sun Peak, to be used for the expansion of high-value products, plans to double the capacity of Tsv to expand supplies such as 256 gbddr5, 16-24gb lpddddr5t; Samsung continues to increase supplies such as hbm, 1 betamddr5, qlcssd.
The company’s ddra3 and ddr4 series are continuously enriched by Wang Haivei’s products. The company’s dram products can be widely used in cybercommunications, television, a roof box, intelligent families, industry, vehicle-borne audio systems, etc.
During the first half of 2024, the company continued to enrich its product mix, meeting market demand through reliable quality performance and product strength. The company’s product ddram consists of two product groups, ddr3l and ddr4, and ddr3l provides market-friendly 1gb/2gb/4gb capacity: dddr48gb products have succeeded and have become customers.
The following companies will continue to develop and optimize the matrix of products - gold securities - electronic-mega-micro-public.
lpddr4 products, which are expected to cover major niche market demand and achieve volume supply by 2025. (3)nand: 24nm/38nm of full-scale production, further expanding auto electron. Nand moorable innovation: 24q1 performance swings to gain and power switching
In the case of flash products, 38 nm and 24 nm are in the process of full-scale production, with 24 nm being used as the main process.
In other areas, full product coverage has been achieved. The company ' s 38nmslcnandflash standard product capacity is a monetized innovation: base storage price rebounds, mcudone covers 1gb~4gb, and car-to-car regulations spinorflash provides more opportunities to enter the car market.
The front-beneficiary sector shuffling speeds - Hmg securities + electronics + mogul market growth, with more than 600 products built into mcu stores. In the short term, the incremental hotspot applications in the mcu market are concentrated in a few key areas of automobile, industrial, and material networking.
The technology continues to sink to the end of the mcu, which will provide more intelligent decision support for the equipment and facilitate its further development in the wider market and application area. The company microcontrolr product (mcu) is mainly a 32-bit generic mcu product based on the Arm Cortex-m series and the risc-v core.gd32TM series mcu
and risc-v, while providing high performance, low productivity and high value for money, corporate products support a wide range of applications, such as industrial applications (including industrial automation, energy power, medical equipment, etc.), consumer electronics and handheld equipment, motor electronics (including auto navigation, t-box, car instrumentation, car entertainment systems, etc.), computing
As the leading producer of 32bitmcu products in the country, the company ' s gd32mcu product has successfully produced 51 large product series, exceeding 600 mcu products, and has achieved full market coverage for mainstream applications such as generic, low-cost, high-performance, low-power, wireless connections.
The storage of chip process overlays, the continuous growth of the mcu department store, the build-up of dram head-to-head production switching, company or copying of the noorflash development path, in the context of intelligentization such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry, is expected to expand the collection/profit space of the company, given that the dram market space is larger than the noor market space, and it is expected that the "buying" will be maintained.
The macro-environment and industry volatility risks; supply chain risks; and exchange gains and losses risks.
It is based in Beijing, China, with branches and offices in several countries and territories, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Heung Yu, Xian, Chengdu, Suzhou and Hong Kong, the United States, Korea, Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany, Singapore, and a worldwide marketing network that provides high-quality and easy localization support services to clients. The company’s core product lines are storage (flash, liquid dram),
Thirty-two generic mcus, smart machine interactive sensors, simulation products, and overall solutions. In the field of spinorflash, the company’s market is the second largest in the world, and China’s first, with a cumulative volume of more than 23.7 billion. In the area of mcu, companies can offer more than 51 series, 600+ model options, with a cumulative volume of more than 1.57 billion. In the field of fingerprint chips, companies are deep-farming sensors, letters, etc.
1.1 Development journey: storage/microcontrols/sensor multi-track multi-product line layouts to create an era of “sense algorithms” integrated cylindrical cylindrical hugging smart interconnectors. (1) Deposit: 2008, company success.
The first 8-m spinorflash chip in mainland China was developed, filling the domestic void and breaking the foreign monopoly on technology; in 2009, the company took the lead in achieving large-scale production of the spinorflash chip; in 2010, the company achieved total production of the product of the 512k ~32m capacity chip; in 2011, the company achieved volume production of the product of the 64m ~128m capacity chip, drawing the process node level.
Up to 90 nm; in 2012, the company succeeded in raising the process node level to 65 nm; in 2014, the company ' s noorflash product successfully entered the market for worn equipment and smart households. By the end of 2023, the company ' s spinorflash model product, 2mb~2gb, had been fully lined up to provide the market with a national product for car production.
A series of products has been produced in quantities and continuous process rotations. For Nandflash products, 38nm and 24nm are fully produced, and 24nm are being used as the main process with capacity coverage of 1gb~8gb, where spinandflash achieves full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
For dram products, the company ddr4, ddr3l products are widely used in the fields of network communications, television, machine roof boxes, industry, intelligent households, etc. (2) Count: 2013, release of 32 mcu of the first national product, cortexm3: 2016
Release of Cortex-m432 mcu; release of first Cortex-m2332 mcu in 2018; autonomous development of first national product rsic-v32 mcu in 2019. By the first half of 2024, as leader of the country ' s 32bitmcu product, the company gd32mcu product had successfully produced 51 large product series, exceeding 600 mcu products, to achieve universal access
The company’s inner kernel covers arm cortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7 and is the first global launch and volume production of 32 generic mcu products based on the risc-v inner core.
By the end of 2023, company sensors were operating, currently including touch chips and fingerprint identification chips. The company's touch chip supports Toto's big resistance, single layers, ultra-narrow borders.
Function, widely applied to ogs touch screens; the number of product channels can contain a full screen size from the smallest 26 to the maximum 72, with full coverage from 1 to 20 inches. The company fingerprint recognition chips have been commercial front/back/side edge capacitors and optical programs in the market for many years.
Figure 1: Micro-innovation development course 1.2 Equity structure: The stock is relatively decentralized, the real-controlled industrial background endorsed by Chu Iming as the firm’s actual shareholder and Chairman of Chang Yim Technology.
6.86%, being the company's first largest shareholder. Mr. Zhu was a senior engineer, Monolithic systemtechnologiesinc. (nasdq:mosy) project manager, General Manager, United States of America.
The Ministry of Organizations and the Ministry of Human Resources and the Ministry of Social Security have given the title of “National Specialist.” From July 2018 to December 2018, to date, President of Wigeny Integrated Circuits Ltd.: from April 2005 to July 2018, Managing Director of the Corporation: from April 2005 to the present.
The long-term storage team, with its rich technological research and development experience and innovative capabilities, has launched a multi-dram commercial product that is widely used in the areas of mobile terminals, computers, servers, virtual reality and physical networking.
Based on a strategic partnership between the two sides, Changjian technology opened up part of its capacity to provide substitute services for the company’s dram business. The company and Changjian technology carried out such operations as dram product procurement replacements, which were over traded as of March 28, 2024.
Figure 2: The top 10 shareholders (24h1) 1.3 product matrix for mega-renovation: Four major operations, maintaining a diversified layout The current product of the company is divided mainly into storage products, microcontrolr products and sensor products. (1) Storage: corporate products
Items include flash chip (norflash, nadflash) and dynamic random access memory (dram). The company’s norflash products are widely used in various fields such as industry, consumer electronics, automobiles, object networking, computing, mobile applications, and the network and telecommunications industries.
Multimedia data storage applications for sub-equipment provide the necessary high-capacity storage. Of the company’s branded dram products, the rich ddr3l products are one of the most widely applied dram system solutions in the areas of network communications, television, a roof box, industry, and the intelligent family: the rich ddr4 products are machine cap boxes, television, network communications, intelligent families, car-borne sound systems.
ii.mcu; company microcontrolr products (microcontrollunit, mcu) are mainly 32-digit generic mcu products based on the arcortex-m series and the risc-v kernel. gd32TM series mcu uses armètex-m3, cortex-m4, cortex-m23, Cortex-m33, cortex-m7 and m7.
risc-v kernels, which provide high performance, low productivity and high value for money, company products support a wide range of applications such as industrial applications (including industrial automation, energy power, medical equipment, etc.), consumer electronics and handheld equipment, car electronics (including automobile navigation, t-box, car instrumentation, car entertainment systems, etc.), computing, etc. (3) Sensors: including touch chip, fingerprint identification, etc.
The company's touch chip consists of two broad categories of self-compatible and interactive products, covering mobile phones, tablets, and smart homes, etc. The public fingerprint chip includes, for example, a capacitated fingerprint, a camera fingerprint under the oled screen, which provides a mainstream option for markets such as mobile phones, and an operational profile of 1.4: boost sales/exploitation of market share by taking the market share.
Consumer/net-to-market warming led to growth in corporate revenue. Corporate operating revenues in 2019-2023 were affected by the global economic environment, industry cycles, etc. In 2023, the semiconductor industry was still facing a severe test of a slow recovery in demand, competition with the industry, firm efforts to open markets and a similar increase in product output, but as product prices fell significantly, 2023
During the first half of 2024, companies maintained a market-based economic strategy, sustained research and development inputs and product overlaps, continuously enriched product matrices, optimized product costs, and further enhanced product-line competitiveness. 2024h1 companies achieved revenues of $3.609 billion, an increase of 21.69 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of $517 million for the mother.
The demand for downstream terminals has recovered, and companies continue to grow in such market areas as consumer markets, grid access, leading to a similar increase in overall output and revenue. On branded dram products, market expansion has been evident in the first half of the year, with a further increase in the total number of clients offered. The company’s output of ddr3l and ddr4 products has continued to increase and now covers applications such as network communications, tv, etc.
In the first half of 2024, the consumer and industrial markets contributed to the first two areas of revenue collection. Thanks to the pull of demand such as photovoltaics, industrial controls, light modules, the income contribution of industry has increased and is actually being made in the areas of consumption, automobiles, network communications and storage calculations.
In the automobile market, the volume of company car rules flash products has been growing well. Car rules mcu products have developed and maintained in-depth partnerships with a number of domestic and international headtier 1 companies, such as the CarLight Program, the avas Program, the Wireless Charging Program, the Automobile Influenza Control System, and the Car dashboard. Currently, the Company Car Regulations Program has been bulked.
For a number of car manufacturers, overall sales have increased significantly by the same year. (3) Sensors: The first half of 2024, when there was a strong competition with the industry, resulted in a marked decline in product prices. The prices of all company lines were down in the first three quarters of 2023, and by the fourth quarter, multiple lines were close to or reached the bottom. In a highly competitive environment, in 2023, the company insisted on taking the market.
The rate of market opening at the centre was 3,122 million products, an increase of 12.98 per cent over the same period. Business performance declined considerably as a result of the sharp fall in product prices. (1) Storage chips: the company received the same level of business in 2020-2023. On the slcnandflash product, after years of growth, the company ' s products consumed electronics, industry, motor power.
In the area of commodities, full product coverage has been achieved, with a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the same year in 2023. Market expansion was evident in the products of the dram in 2023, with a steady increase in the total number of clients. (2) mcu: the company ' s semi-annual mcu harvest fell sharply in 2020-2023, with a gradual contraction in the second half of the year, with the fourth quarter showing steady signs.
By the end of 2023, the company’s mcu product had accumulated more than 1.5 billion products. The company continued to upgrade its research and development capacity and to actively develop markets such as consumption, industry, and connectivity. (3) Sensors: 2020-2023 Sensor operations. Sustained investment in research and development, maintaining technological innovation and technological leadership.
Management and maintenance of higher levels of R & D inputs; persistence of product innovation, technological innovation and technological innovation in the design and development of products, better in line with market demand, with a view to diversifying the application landscape, upgrading and meeting client use experiences. 2024h1, corporate R & D investment amounted to $637 million, accounting for about 17.65 per cent of business income, technical staff accounted for about 73.38 per cent, and master ' s degree and above.
In addition, the company owns 165 trademarks, 54 integrated circuit charts, 50 software copyrights and 12 non-soft copyright registrations. Through the patent layout, the company builds an intellectual property mound for technological innovation.
The end demand affects a decline in the Māori rate, with no significant change in the absolute cost end value in 22/23. The semiconductor industry, which is a company, continues to face the severe test of a slow recovery of demand in 2023, with competition in the domestic market and industry, with slight variations in the areas of consumption, industry, and automobiles.
Demand, industry sector demand is not as high as expected throughout the year, supply shortages in the automotive sector have been reduced, and demand in various sectors is still at the bottom of 2, storage: noor basic stability has increased, dram supercycle/large factory production is expected to recover strongly globally for 24 years and storage is expected to break $200 billion in 25 years. According to wsts,
According to the report, the global semiconductor market will recover robustly in 2024, driven by logical chips and storage chips, with a projected global semiconductor market size of $611,231 million in 2024, an increase of 16.01 per cent over the same period, with a storage chip market size of $163,153 million, and Wsts predicting a global semiconductor market growth of 12.46 per cent, or approximately $687,380 million.
Driven by memory and logic, the size of the RAM/logical market is expected to be more than $200 billion at an average rate in 2025, with RAM and dram and Nand as the largest repository market, which together account for 97% of the total. Semiconductor storage uses semiconductor media to store information and the storage and reading process is expressed as storage or release of a charge. Depending on the need for continuous power access to maintain data, semiconduction
The body memory can be divided into lossable storage and non-lossy storage. 1) Lossible storage refers mainly to random access storage (ram). Ram needs to maintain electrical access to save data for the main system cpu reading, writing and processing.Ram is further divided into static random access storage (sram) and dynamic random access storage (dram) depending on whether periodic updates are needed to maintain data storage.
The static random access memory does not require periodic refreshing, while the dynamic random access memory (dram) requires periodic refreshing to maintain data, so it is called the " dynamic" memory. Dram, as a high-density, is mainly used as a temporary storage device for cpu-processing, which is widely used in the market for smartphones, personal computers, servers, etc.) Non-frustible storage is not required.
The memory of data can also be stored for long periods of time, mainly in the Nand and Noor flashes. Nand flash storage is a high-density, non-favourable storage using electric frictionable technology, and is the current mainstream technology solution for large global market capacity that is not easily stored.nor flash storage is characterized by applications that can run directly on it, but the slow and relatively high-cost characteristics of writing and scrubbing are not suitable for large capacity.
Storage. From storage category analysis, dram and nadflash are the most important items in the memory, and according to icinsights data, the shares in the storage market in 2021 were 56%, 41%, and 2% respectively. According to ICI data, the global market for dram was the largest in 2023, accounting for about 55.9% and notandflash, respectively.
2.1nor: Noorflash demand is growing steadily, and the oscillating product covers 512 kb-2gb 2.1.1 principle: the basic storage unit under bitline is combined and is often used as a lead memory
Noorflash is characterized by the fact that the program can be executed directly on noorflash and not in the ram. By the structure chart of noorflash, it can be seen that the basic storage unit under each bitline is connected, and when a Wordline is selected, it can be read on that word. The connection structure of the noorflash storage unit determines that it has an independent search.
Addresses and reads efficient features, which are applicable to storage programs, and which can run directly in nor (i.e. with ram properties). 1) Storage capacity: norflash can be used to store program codes, solids, operating systems, and other data. 2) Performance: norflash has a lower storage density and higher cost compared to nandflash, but has a lower storage density and a higher cost
A faster speed of reading, a lower delay in reading, and a better random access performance. Typical reading times are between dozens of na and a few microseconds, supporting byte programming, which means that data can be written directly in the position that needs to be changed, without the need to erase it as a whole. 3) Addressability: it can provide a complete location and data bus, and allows random access to any area on the memory. 4) endurance.
Sex: Noorflash can endure 10,000 to one million spell cycles and is the basis for the early removeable flash storage media. (5) Noorflash is often used as a lead memory. By storing the guide code in noorflash, fast 2.1.2 markets for equipment can be achieved: 29 years of global market size of about $4 billion, with a trillion of easy-to-renovate occupancy rates growing.
The global market was about $4 billion in size in 29 years, accounting for about 2 per cent of the total storage market. According to yole, the global noor flash market was $2.5 billion in 2023 (about 2.60 per cent of the storage market), the market was expected to reach $4 billion in 2029 (about 1.71 per cent of the storage market), and the average compound growth in 2023-2029 was about 16 per cent.
Age of Capability: Owing to the simple functionality of functional mobile phones, the low space requirements for storage and the fact that the need for storage chips is mainly for RAM reading, writing and scrapping, which corresponds to the smaller narflash storage space, slower writing and scrubbing but faster reading features, norflash is widely used during this period and the market is growing rapidly.
Generations: Smartphone applications are more diverse and more complex than functional devices, which significantly increase demand for storage capacity. Noorflash’s low capacity, high cost and weakness are highlighted and gradually replaced by nadflash, coupled with a reduction in the number of functional devices. Noorflash markets have been shrinking over the decade since 2006, and according to data from the Institute of Foresight Industries, 2016 worldwide.
The nonflash market is just $1.857 billion. 3) The age of object networking: The boom in object networking has injected new growth dynamics into nonflash, with lower demand for storage space for end-side devices represented by tws headphones and higher reliability and speed of reading, so that nonflash is the mainstream storage program for end-side devices.
Market concentration has increased, and the share of the market for innovation has risen rapidly. In terms of global noorflash chip competition patterns, the top five global suppliers of the vortex, cypress, Chinese electricity, light and omen innovation have become the top five. According to the Institute of Forward Industry Studies, the top five global noorflash accounted for more than 78% of the market share in 2020.
Light and Sepuras (procured by British fliers) have devoted their main energies to high-capacity products for car regulation and industrial control, while major international rivals have gradually faded away from consumer products, so after 2020, the market share of the nonflash market has been dominated by Wanghang (car electronics) and Chinese electronics (pension laptops, industry, consumer electronics) and oasis innovation. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, 2021 was the year of full-time innovation.
The global nonflashcr3 was more than 90 per cent, with continental firms accounting for 23.2 per cent of the total, up 16.2 pcts from 2016 (the share of the global market for noorflash in 2016 was only 7 per cent according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries). According to a question-and-answer by investors of 2024-07-18, web-feetresearch reported that the invisible innovation was 2023 serial in 2023.
The application of market differences/procedures by head manufacturers has gradually narrowed. (1) Application markets: According to the network of corporate officials, the top three industry manufacturers have deployed applications such as pc, consumer electronics, telecommunications, automobiles, industry, etc. (2) Process: 1norflash mainstream.
The journey remained at 55nm: between 61 and 67 per cent of the flosh product 58nm process between 2022q2 and 2024q2, according to the Wa's electronic treasury data; 245nm process or short-term nodal node for norflash; as of 2026q4, the Wa's electronic 512kb-8mbnorflash process was 90nm, 1 mb-2gbnorflash
Process 58nm, 4mb-2gbnorflash, 45nm. 2.1.3 Demand: Ai enabling sub-areas, noorflash applications focused mainly on cellular modules, network communications, digital machine topboxes, auto electrons, security surveillance, rows
Such end-of-life electronics are required for internal command enforcement, system data interchange, user numbers, storage, manufacturer configuration data storage, etc. code storage units and data storage units are essential components.
, which has a wide range of applications in the fields of pc mainboard, roof box, router, bluetooth headphones, amoled, tddi, wearable equipment and security surveillance products: 32mbit-128mbit is usually treated as medium capacity capable of achieving more complex program execution functions, such as 128mbitnorflash for appletws headphones, mainly for voice, noise reduction, etc.
Storage space is available; more than 128mbit is usually considered large capacity, while large volume nonflash emphasizes functional complexity and fast start-up and reliability features, mainly for industry such as 5g base stations, vehicle-borne electronics, and automobile electronics markets, which use large capacity nonorflash, mainly because only high operating frequency and high data transfer speed noor products can satisfy automobiles, industry, etc.
In 2022, China accounted for 71.31% of computers and consumer electronics, 6.5% of industrial controls and 9.43% of automobiles, and the area of communications and other areas of comparison, figure 20: Noorflash is widely used in smartphones, wearing and networking.
Figure 21: Downstream applications in China in 2022: 1) tws headphones tws headphones are storage solids and program codes that require the configuration of a small, low-capacity nonflash. With tws
Headphone noise reduction, sound quality, and intellectualization will lead to an increase in functional complexity, as will the need for algorithmic code storage, tws headphones for storage, more solids and code programs, with an extra string of noorflash and two noorflash for a pair of tws headphones. Currently, tws headphones have a maximum storage capacity of 128 m, and storage capacity is expected to be further upgraded to 256 m apples in the future.
Airpods use two 128 mnorflash, while other brands hold tws headphones between 4m and 128m. With apples launching an airpods product and removing wired headphone plugs, tws headphones have been on the rise since 2019.
Global sales of tws headphones have increased year by year in recent years, and in 2021 and 2022, a steady increase has been achieved by overcoming the relatively low output expectations of consumer electronics as a whole. According to my love of audio data, the volume of global tws headphones in 2023 was about 386 million, a steady increase of 9%.
Global sales of headphone products are expected to increase by 3.0 per cent in 2024, maintaining a steady growth trend. Figure 22: tws wireless headphones are starting to use the noor storage programme. Figure 23: Global tws headphones arrival in 2018-2023 (billions)
Change of machine cycle & function development & second headphone demand & emerging market-led tws market growth. Real wirelesss started in 2017, headphones became popular with users after 2019, and the release of headphones such as airpodspro and airbeds3 has been two years old, meaning that many users have reached the change of time nodes: in recent years, space audio, high resolution audio, active noise reduction, etc.
It has also led to a significant increase in the development of wireless headphones, indirectly raising the expectations of users for headphone functions, both of which provide basic power for market growth. The second rise in headphone demand is the new growth point for wireless bluetooth headphones, which, with the spread of more commonly used tws headphones, increases the need to use headphones for specific scenarios, such as sports, office, games, etc., making them the first to satisfy particular scenes.
Finally, the growing demand for earphones has given new impetus to the development of the wireless blue-tooth earpiece market.
First headphones, second headphones, airpods, freebuds, etc.
Bones, open headphones, etc., more common headphones in every scene, more practical headphones in a given setting.
The external compensatory data and program code needed to store the noorflash. The screen is the current smartphone screen mainstream option, amoled being the preferred driver for the oled, and the market is expanding as the sales of smartphones and the penetration rate of amoled in smart and able phones continues to increase.
There are two major problems with the debris, and in the context of the common problem of the amoled display display of uneven brightness (mura), the amoled display-driven chip requires the integration of demura (disaggregation of the monitor mura and technology to equalize the brightness of the image) to optimize the effects. Industry generally uses built-in sram (static random storage) + built-in otp (a one-time editable memory) + out.
The external mode of compensation for noorflash, i.e. an external memory that solves the problem of amoled panelsmura at any time. Norflash has high reliability, fast read, etc. And under the external mode of compensation, the screen is not very demanding for capacity, thus becoming the dominant option for the traditional amoled display-driven chip scheme. With amoled in the smartphone,
For the first time, 24q1moled delivered more than tftlcd, which is expected to increase steadily. According to Omdia, 182 million deliveries were made in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 39% over the same period; tftlcd
The volume of shipments dropped to 172 million, a 10 per cent decrease in the same year, marking the first time that amoled quarterly shipments exceeded tftlcd in 2024q1: by 2024q2, amoled will account for 53 per cent of smartphone display panels and will expand to 56 per cent in the third quarter; and the introduction of iPhone 16 will significantly increase amoled's delivery in the fourth quarter of 2024, amoled
It is expected to exceed tftlcd throughout the year 2024. Starting in 2024, amoled will display the panel on smartphones. Bios is the "bridge" connecting software programs to hardware equipment to address immediate hardware requirements. Bios is the acronym "basic inputoutputsystem" in English, and the Chinese name is "basic input output system" when translated. Bios is a group.
The main function is to provide the computer with the lowest and most direct hardware set-up and control. The bios setup is stored in a bios chip, and the b10s chip is a rectangular piece of the main plate.
Or square chips, which can only be set up when the engine is on. From the time of the run-off, the modern computer mainboard has used noorflash as a chip to store bios. Except for a larger capacity than eeprom, mainly noorflash has write function, running electricity, brain is updated by software with bios without additional hardware support (usually eeprom's scratches require different volts and
Aipc refers to a pc product that has either an accelerometer or can run a large model of anai locally, with the ability to learn in depth and to process natural languages, etc.
The traditional pc uses the cpu+gpu structure, which focuses on local computing and storage, and although it can also run large language models, there is a huge amount of data in the ai era and a limited conventional pc computing power. By contrast, aipc uses the cpu+gpu+npu (neural network processing unit) isomeric program, npu being the aipc computing hub, mainly for accelerating people.
Intelligent and machine learning tasks, including image recognition, speech recognition, natural language processing etc., have a higher computing and energy efficiency in neural network computing compared to traditional generic processors, making the ii large model localize its operations into 10,000 pcs with artificial intelligence functions, accounting for 18% of the pc total: a pc that is expected to support artificial intelligence in 2025
There will be more than 100 million shipments, or 40% of all pc shipments. The pc bios need to store noorflash, a type of demand that is expected to benefit from aipc-led retrench growth, with noorflash capacity gradually moving to 128 and 256 mb. The iot refers to a network of physical and virtual equipment that can communicate with each other using Internet protocol (ip).
The equipment is embedded in sensors, software and connectivity to enable them to collect and exchange data via the Internet. It covers a wide range of applications ranging from household goods to more complex industrial applications. Consumer networking includes connection devices used by end-users for personal purposes, such as smart security cameras or smart home clusterers; smart finance covers network applications used in the financial field, for example.
e.g., insurance remote information processing/use-based insurance, real estate, atm: health-care networking covers all material networking applications in the health-care environment, such as patient care, remote patient surveillance and surgical applications; industrial networking covers goods networking applications in the industrial environment, such as plant and agricultural automation, supply chain optimization and predictive maintenance; automobile networking covers movement and
Examples of physical networking in the transport environment, such as v2x connection, the Senior Driver Support System (adas) and remote information processing solutions; examples of other types of networking, such as those used in occupational sports, such as athletes or equipment tracking.
In recent years, material networking technologies have accumulated and upgraded, and industrial chains have been improved and consolidated.
In addition, driven by cyclical factors such as infrastructure development, the transformation of basic industries, and the upgrading of consumption, the growth of the global network of goods in areas at different levels of development and industries has staggered the growth of the global networked industry as a whole. According to statesta, the global networked goods market reached $848.32 billion in 2023, and is expected to make a breakthrough by 2025.
US$ 1 billion (US$ 1,059.7 billion). According to idc data, China’s spending on the Internet in 2027 will be close to US$ 300 billion, the world’s largest, accounting for about a quarter of the total investment in the global network.
Figure 31: Global iot market size 2018-2029e (billions of dollars) Automobile electronics will be a new market opportunity for further development for domestic noor flash suppliers. In the area of automobiles, noorflash is a key component of the dashboard, the information entertainment system and the advanced driving support system (adas). Instant start (instant-on)
It's the main reason why car dashboards use noorflash, because they can perform the program directly within the chip, so they can start the basic function of the car immediately, and so can Nandflash require special software to control the program. As the car is intelligently developed, the technology level of autopilot is moving from a single level2 to a single level3 and even a single level4, which is stored.
There is an increasing demand for vehicles. The demand for medium- and high-capacity noor flashes is particularly strong for adas, automatic emergency brakes (aeb). According to Samgeha, the Executive Vice-President of the Serpulas Storage Products Department, in cars adas, multiple cameras need to be activated by noor flashes, and almost 82% of car cameras are activated by noor flashes.
With an average annual growth rate of 22%, the net flash will also increase strongly. Most of the aeb system detects forward surges through pre-car radars and internal sensors, and if the driver fails to respond, the system will intervene to force brakes.
In 2030, the global penetration rate of smart cars is expected to be more than 95%. According to critical consulting data, a total of 60.3 million new vehicles were sold globally in 2023, of which about 39.5 million were intelligent vehicles with automated driving functions, with a penetration rate of 65.6%, and global sales of smart cars are expected to increase further to 55.981.5 million by 2026 and 2030, respectively, with penetration scores.
By 2026 and 2030, China's fleet of smart cars is projected to reach 20.4 million and 29.8 million vehicles, respectively, with a penetration rate of 81.2 per cent and 99.7 per cent respectively.
By 2027, nearly half of China's autopilot solutions deployed by vehicle will be high-level autopilot solutions, and by 2030 the proportion will increase further to over 80 per cent, much faster than the penetration of high-level autopilot solutions in the global market.
Figure 34: 2019-2030e global sales of smart cars (millions/per cent) 2.1.4 products: full series of production covering 512 kb-2gb, 55nm process nodes. Viable innovation is one of the first companies to develop and successfully launch spinorflash.
Provision of up to 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, to accommodate different storage spaces for a variety of real-time operating systems; and, with four different voltage ranges, namely, 3v, 1.8v, 1.2v and 1.65v~3.6v wide-pressure supply product series for battery power applications: at the same time, provision of up to 20 different encapsulation options to meet the customer's different applications for capacity,
Power pressure and the need for wrapping. Currently, the full range of products at 55nm nodes is produced and ongoing.
The first domestic product series with a high capacity of 2 gb, high-performance spinorflash, is the preferred method for the storage of PIF codes. (2) High-performance. The company’s first-country product, spinorflash, is used mainly in the areas of 5g base stations, cars, industry. (3) Low power consumption, low voltage.
The long-standing multi-dimensional requirements provide excellent options for the application of severe battery life and compact size requirements, such as networking, wearable, consumer and health monitoring. (4) Small envelopes. Company products use wlcsp seals and launch the smallest useron6 envelopes with a size of only 1.2 mmx1.2mm, bringing in the application of iot equipment, wearable applications and other compact batteries.
Excellent design flexibility. (5) High security. With the spread of lot equipment and the layout of some key applications, security requirements are becoming more stringent, and company-incorporated rpmc functional products provide excellent safety performance. (6) High reliability. The company ' s t/lt series and the x/lx series are widely applied to vehicles, industry, etc., that are strictly demanding for reliability.
(7) In automobile applications, the company ' s gd25 product fully meets aec-q100 certification, and the gd55 ' s 2gb high-volume product has also passed the certification. The company ' s spinorflash car regulation product, 2m ~2gb, is fully lined and provides the market with a national product for car production.
Figure 35: Micro-Innovation spinorflash series 2gb super-capacity to support high-speed 4 access and jedec to support rpmc+mac functions in iot devices and key
Data reading frequency up to 200mhz and high-speed 8 channels with xspi and xccela specifications, large capacity, application scene, protection of flash core programs, substantial upscaling
Data absorption rates of 200mb/s and 400mb/s provide an ideal choice for high performance applications.
0.1ua deep sleep zero power, 6~8ma/133mhz super miniuson61.2x1.2mm encapsulation, and flexible dqs and dlp features with built-in ecc algorithms and
Reader power consumption, low voltage power supply, full satisfaction of low-power mobile wlcsp configuration, satisfaction of small low-power mobile crc calibration, product reliability and high-speed i/o signal accuracy
Small and long-serving multi-dimensional requirements for equipment, certainty, high-speed system design, escort, high-scale ambition.
2.2dram: Tight storage cycle & large plant power transfer opportunities, expected to cover the owner for 25 years, base dram 2.2.1 principle: using the size of the stored charge in the caption to represent a binary bit
Dram is a dynamic random access memory, mainly for data storage using the presence or absence of stored charges in the caption to represent binary bits (bit). Dram is characterized by speed of reading and writing and is often used in system hardware for running memory, processing instructions and data in the system.
Powerdobledatarate and gddr (graphicsdobledatarate) series and hbm series. ddr is the technology in the memory module that doubles output and is the current mainstream memory technology. lpddr has low-power properties, mainly for portable devices.
wl(x): bytes (wordline), x address line (rowaddress); bl(y): bitline, y address line (columnadress) and data access output line (datain/out); transistor: metal oxide semiconductor (mos) transistor effect (mos); capacitor: the charge energy unit is the capacitor.
Independent address of bytes and bit combinations, using the 2016 mainstream 4gb single-face 8 chip memory bar, with 4 g separate addresses per kernel. Figure 36: Internal structure of dram chip
Figure 37: Dram Storage Unit Structure
A memory module dram chip.
dram chip (dramchip) (memorymodule)
(dramchip) 2.2.2 Markets: Dram markets are expected to reach $78 billion in 24 years, with sub-generational dram-generated artificial intelligence as an important driver of the growth of storage demand and a high concentration of dram markets.
The rapid rise has increased the demand for high-speed ddr5 and hbm technologies in the data centre market and has led to an increase in the demand for enterprise-level ssds that connect to artificial intelligence services. In addition, the first smartphones and personal computers with device end-to-end artificial intelligence functions are now on the market: a large memory/storage content is required for the i device as a result of a large language model and will drive the mobile and consumer market.
By 2023, the global dram market had reached $50.53 billion, a 36.12 per cent decline compared to the previous year, and the dram market would have grown to $78 billion as a result of the overall upturn in global storage channels in 2024, resulting in a significant increase in market demand.
In 2023, the market share of the three firms was 41.4, 31.7 and 22.9%, respectively. The South Asian share of technology and Chinese electronics was 1.9 and 0.9%, respectively. Domestic dram manufacturers were mainly prone to innovation, Beijing Jung-jung, Dong-chul shares, long-seat storage (not listed), the Uttar Pradesh and Fujian Jinhua (not listed).
Figure 39: Global share of the dram market in 2023 (%) Figure 38: Global size of the dram market in 2019-2024e ($ million/%)
According to the Institute, the first generation of dddr has ceased production, and the share of dddr2 in 2010 was as high as 30%, compared to 1% in 2020, and applied only to the niche market. In the 2020 ddrdram market, ddddr4 was the main proportion (about 78%), by ecc. It will also provide a higher capacity for each memory module, adding a new power management chip (pmic) to ensure it is higher.
The delivery volume will be 98.77% of the dddr total (2.17% in 2022) and the dddr4 share of the ddr total will drop to 0.015% (97.85% in 2022). Low power consumption is the main attribute of the lpddr product, and lpddr4 remains market mainstream.
Voltage from 2.5v to 1.8v is further reduced due to the updating of the temperature compensation technology, resulting in lpddr having low power consumption and high reliability features. lpddr3 adds new technologies such as "Budget and Instruction Address Modified" and "odt" endpieces. According to the CPR data, the market share of lpddr5(x) in 2022 was 18%, and the market rate is expected to rise to 2023.
Twenty-eight per cent, far below the market share of lpddr4(x), where the market share declined, but was still market-dominated, with the market share declining from 79 per cent in 2022 to 70 per cent in 2023. gddr, coupled with high-end chip displays, is incompatible with standard ddr memory on the market.gddr is high-end.
Cards are specially designed for high performance displays, with exclusive work frequencies, clock frequencies and voltage, with a higher timer frequency and smaller effort than the ddr memory used in the main memory. The first generation of gddr was slightly improved by Nvidia based on ddr and dddr2. The gddr3 is a third generation card dedicated memory, acquired by aati (amd in 2006) and jedec.
Both gddr5 and gddr4 are based on ddr3 adaptations, and the basic memory structure is similar to dddr3. Status: Storage cycle & large-scale plant power transfer, rich-kit storers welcome opportunities for development. In a wave of artificial intelligence growth, Samsung, sk Hercules and Light use more crystal-crystal production to meet hbm needs, leading to more crystal-crystal capacity.
The year-end output reduction will not take effect until the third quarter of 2023, when the oem stock starts to tighten and the memory market rebounds. The turn-up period is stable, with some price recovery. From the storage delivery cycle, most of it is in normal supply, except for some of the ai stored products. At the price side, the original plant prices continue to rise.
Prices have risen further; sk Hercules dram and nad prices have risen by more than 20% and 30%, respectively, in the first half of the year; and three star prices are projected to push the product into a price increase cycle. According to the CPR data, benefits have been derived from the growth of bit demand, improved supply and demand structures, and the rise of high value added products such as hbm (high bandwidth memory), which estimates the growth of dram (introduction) and Nandflash (spill storage).
Industry is expected to grow by 75% and 77%, respectively, in 2024. In 2025, industrial revenue will continue to grow, and the pressure on the costs of dram and storage buyers will rise.
In view of the emphasis on industry development, as the supply-demand relationship improves significantly, the storage plant spends more capital mainly on the expansion of more advanced products. In 2024, sk Hercules increased capital spending slightly, mainly for high-value product expansion, doubled the production capacity of planned tsvs, expanded supplies such as 256gbddr5, 16-24gblpddddr5t, and expanded mobile transport.
Modules such as lpcamm2 and i server modules such as mcrdimm: Samsung continues to increase the supply of hbm, 1 βnm ddr5, qlcssd, etc. Head-manufacturers reduce dddr3, and domestic manufacturers have great potential for substitution in mid- and low-end markets.
Ddr5 high-end inputs are planned to be phased out from markets such as dddr3. According to Kochi data, Samsung, Migang, South Asia accounted for 40/22/22 per 22 per cent of the top three producers in dddr3. As the main supplier of dddr3, the output adjustment was for 4gb (512 mx8), 1600 mhz, for example, at $0.9050 on 11 September 2024, with the supply of dddr3
As top producers such as Samsung, sk Hercules and Light accelerate the expansion of high-end appliance items such as hbm, national producers have great potential for substituting medium- and low-end markets such as ddr3. In terms of volume progress, including oscillability, new and Beijing-Jongh, they have achieved large-scale delivery, with ddr3 products performing better than shoulder-to-back overseas, but there are still differences in the number of materials.
2.2.4 Products: Active expansion of the ddr3/ddr4 series, with 25-year coverage of the main niche dram, which continues to enrich the product lines on the dram product, and active expansion of the ddr3 and dddr4 series.
In the first half of 2024, the company continued to enrich its product mix to meet market demand through reliable quality performance and product strength. The company’s dram product consists of two product categories: ddr3l and dddr4 and ddr3l provides marketable 1gb/2gb/4gb capacity:
The ddr48gb product has been successful and has provided a sample for the client to provide a wide range of application options for the market with a capacity of 4gb/8gb. The subsequent company will continue to develop the lpddr4 product, which is expected to cover the main niche market demand and deliver the supply by 2025.
1) Litre ddr3l - less power, offering better product choices for classic ddr applications, e-communications, television, surveillance, a top box, industry, intelligent families, etc., is one of the solutions to the very wide-ranging dram system. Mt. innovative ddr3l compatible with 1.5v/1.35v voltage power supply.
For 1866mbps, up to 2133mps, to meet the needs of mainstream applications. The MVI has a multi-led ddr3l product that provides 1 gb/2gb/4gb capacity, x 8/x16 data interfaces, adapted to applications at different temperature ranges of 0~95°C/-40~95°C/-40~105°C.
2) Litre ddr4 — Higher data speed, greater storage capacity and, in recent years, as a number of consumer-type electronic applications, such as entertainment, car-borne sounding, network communication, intelligent households, have flourished, the demand for drams for the Litt base ddr4 interface has risen dramatically, and the emergence of more new applications and products in the future will further drive the city
The mega-trr4 uses a 1.2v low voltage power supply with a reading and writing rate of 2666 mbps, up to a maximum of 3,200 mbps, which is the ideal choice for many domains, such as a top-of-the-board box, television, surveillance, network communication, intelligent households, and car-borne sound systems. The mega-trr4 product has a multi-money ddr4 product that provides 4 gb/8gb capacity, x 8 x 16 data relays.
Oral, application scenes adapted to different temperature ranges of 0~95°C/-40~95°C/-40~105°C. 3) lpddr4x — lower power, higher speed, greater storage capacity with a variety of consumer-type electronic applications, such as home entertainment, car-borne sounding, intelligent households, network communications, etc. for data
Storage requirements are becoming more demanding. A mega-trr4x has been introduced to provide end-users with more energy-efficient and less energy-consuming storage products, constantly optimizing user experiences. A rpddr4x product has been launched with high voltage compatibility of 1.8v/1.1v/0.6v, can read and write as high as 4266mbps, with capacity cover of 2gb/3gb/4gb, work temperature - 25°C~85°C, bitx32, capable of mobile modules,
iot, 8kiptv, intelligent family, car-borne sound systems, etc., provide suitable storage products for modern technological life of storage aids. 2.3nand: 24nm/38nm full-scale production, further expanding car electrons. Nandflash can be divided into slc, mlc, tlc, qlc, according to the principles of storage. slc/mlc/tlc/qlc
The number of places in each unit that can be stored is 1 bit/2/3-bit, which gives slcnand the highest reliability in four categories of nand chips, but at the same time low data density leads to higher prices. slcnand, because of its high reliability, has a high degree of irreplaceableness and is a mandatory route to mlcnand, tlcnand, and 3dnand;
According to the cfm flash market, driven by a significant increase in storage capacity, total global production in 2022 amounted to 610 billion eq, an increase of about 6%. And dram production is about 190 billion gb equivalent, an increase of about 2%;
In terms of competition patterns, the size of the world market in 2022 reached $1.671 billion from the three-year slcnand global market, which is expected to grow at a compound rate of 6 per cent between 2019 and 2024, underpinned by pre-existing rigid demand and the impact of emerging applications downstream.
The size of the global slcnand market in 2024 was $2.324 billion. From a competition pattern analysis, foreign industry leaders, Samsung Electronics, Mandarin and Chinese Taiwan idm model, have a higher share of the market, and the main domestic producers are likely to be new, eastern cores, kernels, and reminiscent.
Spinandflash provides a large-volume code data storage solution for applications such as web access, security, iot, consumer electronics. Mic innovation introduced the first spinandflash in the industry in 2013, and after years of development has achieved product coverage across the entire product range in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
Modules to support the qspi interface, which is characterized by high speed, high reliability, low power consumption. Compared to the traditional parallel interfaces, they have a small encapsulation, small size, low leg attraction, easy to use, and can be designed in conjunction with spinorflash, easy to switch. Since their introduction, they have been widely well received by users, and are important solutions for embedded application code data storage.
In the case of flash products, 38nm and 24nm are in the process of full-scale production and are using 24nm as the main process, with capacity covering 1gb~8gb, where spinandflash achieves full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
Flash, which provides more opportunities to enter the car market.3.mcu: growth in the intelligently enabled market, over 600 products made mcu department goods 3.1 rationale: execution of orders based on cpu and processing of data
Microcontrol (mcu) is an integrated circuit chip that combines central processors (cpu), storage, input/drop interfaces and other external circuits that can be used to control and manage various devices and systems. mcu works based on the execution of cpu-to-direction and data processing. When mcu receives an external input or produces an internal event, it triggers the corresponding interruption process.
, for example, when the mcu receives an external input signal, the value of the signal is read and processed; when the mcu produces an internal event, the corresponding register value is modified or other operations are triggered. The basic components of the mcu include: 1)cpu:mcu ' s central processor, which is responsible for implementing the instructions and processing the data. 2)
Storage: mcu internal set-up of two storage units, rom and ram, for the storage of programs and data. 3) i/0 interface: mcu communicates and controls with other devices via i/o interfaces. Common i/o interfaces include gpio, ut.spi, 12c, etc. 4) Timers: mcu internalizes multiple timers to generate time interruptions or counting. 5) Interruption: mcu external interruptions and countings are supported.
Internal interruption, which triggers the interruption process when a particular event occurs. (6) pwm output: mcu can use the pwm technique to export a wave signal to control equipment such as electric power machines, led lamps, etc. (7) adc and dac:mcu have built-in modifiers (adc) and modifiers (dac) to convert analogue signals to digital signals or to convert digital signals to analogue signals.
Basic components, different types of mcu may also have other specific external modules, such as temperature sensors, air pressure sensors, figure 46: mcu internal and external nuclear structure, broken down by digits (total data line width), which can be divided into 4 places, 8 places, 16 places, 32 places and 64 places, market, etc.
The mainstream is also 8 and 32: (1) 8 mcu, with the advantages of low productivity, low cost, easy access, and application: business and industry. (2) 16 mcu, less than 32 and less than 8 mcu, with a marginal market share. (3) 32 mcu, with high capacity to calculate, with prices close to 8 mcu, meets most complex embedded scenarios.
In 2022, 32 places in the global mcu market are projected to be 67%, while 16 places are less performing than 32 products, and the value of the value of the market is not comparable to 8 places. By storage structure, it can be divided into von Neuman and Harvard structures.
The Harvard structure separates and separates the program commands and the data from the data, so that the program commands and the data guides can have different data widths and are usually more efficient for implementation. By command set, they can be divided into complex command sets (e.g., x86), streamlined command sets (e.g., arm, mips, etc.)
According to the semiconductor industry observations, the arm eco-building is currently the dominant structure, with a high share of 52% in the domestic market, which is widely applied to smart mobile terminals such as mobile phones, tablets, etc., as an emerging set of streamlined instructions, the market in 2021 may be divided into generic and specialized types by field of application.
The resources available in mcu (including Ram, rom, serial parallel interfaces, etc.) are provided to the user in their entirety and are not designed for a specific purpose. Special type mcu refers to mcu specially designed for a specific purpose, in the form of "mcu+specific components", which usually integrates hardware units with specific functions in the mcu, such as digital signal processing units, bluetooth protocol sheds, etc.
Figure 48: mcu classification Figure 49: Ratio of categories of mcu (left: different digits; medium: different kernels; right: different applications)
The market size of the mcu chip has grown rapidly in recent years, benefiting from the boom in the markets of the ai, object networking, smart households, auto electronics, and industrial controls. According to the Yole study, the global market for mcu was about $22.9 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow to $32 billion at an annual compound rate of 5.3 per cent by 2028. In the future, it will increase further with the penetration of new energy vehicles.
Electrodynamic and intellectual upgrading will increasingly require high performance mcu to support complex real-time control functions, and it is hoped that it will lead to a full increase in the volume of mcu. In the industrial field, there is also a huge market potential in robotics, electronic component manufacturing equipment, and industrial networks, which will contribute to the widespread adoption of mcu products.
The structure of domestic and foreign applications varies considerably, with foreign car-driven electronics/domestic consumer-oriented electronics. According to icinsights, the global market for mocu downstream applications ranked in the top three areas of automobile electronics, industrial controls, and consumer electronics, with applications in the order of 40%, 27%, and 18%.
High, 27%, compared to 24% and 23% respectively for car electronics and industrial controls. Due to high standards for industrial, car-grade mcu products, especially car-grade mcu products, which need to be validated through the e-q100 and Iso26262, are now dominated by international giants, but in recent years domestic manufacturers have cut through medium- and low-end car regulations mcu, such as the body control module of rainbrushes, windows, etc.
The global market share of the mcu market is a giant overseas. According to gartner, in 2021, the global market share of Ngi Pu, Risa, the Ilosan semiconductor, micro-chip technology, and British flyer is 17%, 16%, 15%, 14% and 13% respectively.
(1) In the area of motor electronics, Risa Electronics, Engjiura and Eng Führer are in a position of absolute leadership, with a combined market share of 79 per cent.In the course of their development, Risa Electronics worked closely with a prominent Japanese car company (Honda, Toyota) to improve the competitiveness of motor electronic mcu products through stable supply and interrogatories; Eng Jipo strengthened the area of motor vehicles after the acquisition of Feiscal in 2015 and used them to mcu-realize them.
Greatly enhanced power: In the areas of English and British Deepland Automobile Electronics, Industrial Control, Communications, Medical Services, after the acquisition of Sepras, perfecting the steam year by acquiring atmel, creating a comprehensive product line in the field of industrial control; Texas instruments focused on simulation chips and embedding chip processing, with full signal chain design capabilities being fully developed in industrial markets that require dynamic detection of production signals and timely adjustment.
There is an absolute technological advantage in low-power-consuming products. (3) In consumer electronics, microcore technology and an axiomatic semiconductor are in the lead, with a combined market share of up to 67%. Eight mcu in micro-crylic technology occupy a larger market share by virtue of better performance; and a semiconductor has a comprehensive layout in material networking and consumer electronics, including products such as industrial gateways, telecommunications equipment, home automation, etc.
Figure 53: Global mcu competition patterns in 2021 have continued to shrink and overall prices have stabilized. Analysis from the mcu delivery cycle level, based on e-data (2024q2), only microchipmcu delivery trends have been maintained (8 4-12 weeks, 32 4-18 weeks), infinion, nxp, renesas
On the grid, the price trend of 24q2 major manufacturers has been maintained. 3.3 Demand: Automobile Electronic/Industrial Control/Consumption Electronic Co-molution mcu Demand has grown steadily 3.3.1 Automobile Electronics: Automotive/Intelligentization/Web Connectivity-led Automobile Mcu Demand Increases
Automobile electronic control systems are at the core of automobile electronics and determine the efficient operation of automobile electronics. Automobile electronic control systems consist mainly of sensors, electronic control units (ecu), executives, and other electronic components.
The vehicle's body control system, safety and comfort system, information, entertainment and network systems, power and chassis systems and assistive driving systems contain several ecus, each of them.
At least one mcu is required to perform computing and control functions, so the amount of mcu per car varies according to the number of ecu. The fuel car is usually used in dozens of cars, and the use of smart cars is higher, up to figure 57: Automobile Electronic Control System
The process of "triple" has accelerated and is expected to drive the growth of car-level mcu demand. (1) Electricization: the "3-power" system of new energy vehicles will drive the incremental demand of mcu, for example, in the battery system of new energy vehicles, mcu is used for distributed tubes of battery modules; in the power-driven system, mcu is used for direct-to-communication power transfer by inverters; and in the electrical control system, mcu is used for electrical power.
The CMS (bms) carries out temperature control and charge management for command transmission, task scheduling and energy management in the entire vehicle controller (vcu). In addition to the “three power systems”, new energy vehicles are also required to use energy storage-related equipment such as the wireless charger, the acoustic vehicle alarm system (avas), the charge gun for the new energy vehicle, the charge stick, etc.
Intelligentity: (1) Autopilot: mcu is used extensively in advanced assistive driving at levels 1 to 1 , such as automatic parking systems, self-adaptation to cruises, traffic deviation alarm systems, track maintenance systems, radar detection, etc.
It also imposes higher demands on its own arithmetic, which will be applied to the integrated ai module and high-level mcu with high processing capabilities in high-level autopilots. 2 Smart cabins: smart seating for electronic devices such as car electrons and human interaction, integration of LCD dashboards, middle screens, head-up display systems (hud), streaming rear-view mirrors, information entertainment systems, smart seats, etc.
Intelligent compartments allow multi-model human interaction (hmi), provide map navigation services, enrich engine entertainment and life-service information, and work towards a passenger-centred “third-life space”. Multi-digit electronic devices in smart cabins need to be configured to enable mcu to perform the corresponding computing and control functions.
R, the information and entertainment system requires mcu for information and data processing, smart seats for space adjustments, etc. (3) Web connectivity: t-box communicates internally with the host through the can bus, commands and messages, including vehicle status information, key state information and control instructions, external information interaction with mobile phone apps, and users can use mobile phone apps to get their cars.
Remote control of vehicles, such as vehicle start-up, window lift, vehicle location, vehicle status query, etc. t-box internal integration gps, external communication interfaces, mcu, mobile communication units, storage units, etc.
Intelligent mcu has the highest average sales price (compared to other domains) and a lower mocu threshold for the body of the vehicle. According to the value of the car mcu plus, the cabin and the intellectual domain have a higher capacity for mcu and high-speed communication needs, with the highest single chip (average selling price)asp (compared to other domains), the main producers of the country are currently in the national core technology, core technology, etc.; the power and bottom domain are involved.
Driving safety, very high work temperature and functional safety level requirements for mcu, higher value added, so single chipasp (average selling price) is concentrated in $3-20/blocks, major national producer core technology, and microbliance; mocu is a field with a relatively low threshold (compared to other fields) ahead of sight, with relatively low profits, namely, Jeju technology, Biadi semiconductor and core.
High-volume domestic producers are currently in the main dynamic market, with the lowest single chip (average selling price) of a single chip (better than others) and higher demand for 24h2mcu, with domestic substitution still one of the country’s market trends. According to the development of a leading manufacturer, the demand for car-grade chips, as represented by mcu, has grown in the second half of the year.
Increased investment in the car market. According to the investor question-and-answer message of the country’s core technology dated 060304, the stocking of car electronic mccu chips is now accelerating, market demand is warming, the demand for car electronic mccu chips is rising, and national production substitution will remain one of the market trends for car electronic chips.
In terms of overall progress, most of the domestic car code mcu chip manufacturers are still in the area of body control, such as doors and windows, lighting, area controller gateways, as well as in the use of cabins such as LCD instruments, head-up display controllers, electronic rear-view mirrors, and only a few companies have set up power integration for higher safety and performance requirements, bms, intelligent driving, etc., and bottom-plate high-level applications.
3.3.2 Industrial control: Smart manufacturing continues to advance, leading to an increase in mcu demand, which is a common component in the field of industrial control and is widely applied to industrial robotics, march motors, machine arms, instrumentation, industrial power generators, energy gateways, etc., for various types of industrial control products, for calculation, control, collection of signals, transmission of data, etc.
In 2024, the human robot industry was speeding up into fast lanes, and as the ultimate form of artificial intelligence, the industrial version of human walkers, smart robots, unitreeh1 and the search for universal human robots were selected for dozens of new items within a year.
As it continues, it shows the country’s innovative energy in the field of human robots. Of these, industrial human robots are chosen to enter the car factory and participate in the practical training, and walkers are able to complete the screening of the door locks, seat belts, lamp panels of cars that come to us.
In an industrial robot's single-machine arm, on average, about eight of the built controllers are mcu chips. According to the International Robotics Association, the country's human robot market is expected to reach 870 billion yuan a year, with greater scope for growth.
The growing demand for industrial control of mcu has been accompanied by a growing demand for it, which has contributed to the continued development and innovation of the mcu technology.
2) Intelligent manufacturing, according to Master Crawler ' s quote from the statesta data, the global market for industrial control and automation reached $234.3 million in 2022, and is expected to reach $339.6 million in 2026, and cagr 9.7 per cent in the next four years.
The dynamic market is about $253 billion, and the industrial automation market is expected to be about $311.5 billion in 2023, increasing faster than the whole world, and there are prospects for the future. As our manufacturing intelligence level continues to grow, new industries with higher levels of technology, such as digital control beds, precision machines, lithium appliances, new-energy cars, robots, etc., are gradually emerging, and the mcu is essential for industrial automation.
Parts and components, which are bound to move towards higher numeracy, higher intelligence and lower power consumption, will lead to the upgrading of the demand and performance of the industrial mcu. To this end, the mcu head shop has successively introduced new technology: 1) Imitation semiconductors: release of a new generation of stm32mp2 industrial microprocessors (mpus) to promote smart factories, smart medicine, smart buildings and intelligent infrastructure.
2) Njio: Introduction of mcxa14x and mcxa15x microcontrols, whose series mcu has been optimized with a wealth of functionality, innovative power structures and software compatibility to meet the needs of a wide range of embedded applications, including industrial sensors, application control, supply or hand-held system controllers, object networking equipment, etc.
Figure 61: stm32mp2 series of industrial microprocessors (mpus) Figure 62: mcxa series microcontrols 3.3.3 Consumer electronics: for data processing/communication/time control, etc., to enhance product intelligence
There are many functional modules within the cell, such as the capacitor touch sensor interface, touch screen interfaces, camera interfaces, different analogue sensor input tests, etc. These modules require mcu data processing and coordination to ensure smooth communication and data exchange between the modules. (1)
Communications and data transmission: mobile phones need to communicate with outside sources, such as Bluetooth, Wi-fi, 4g/5g networks, etc.. mcu, as the main controller, is responsible for managing communications with external equipment and processing and transmitting data from outside. (2) Processing multimedia data: handheld machines need to process large amounts of multimedia data, such as audio, video, pictures, etc.
components are played or displayed. (3) Battery management and energy saving: mcu can monitor the battery's state and adjust the processor's operational state as necessary to achieve optimal battery use and energy efficiency. At the same time, monitoring battery charge through mcu can be effective in preventing problems such as overcharges and short circuits. (4) Security control: mcu can integrate some security control functions, such as facial testing,
Fingerprint recognition, etc. to improve the security of mobile phones. (5) User interface control: through mcu, mobile user interfaces can be controlled, such as lcd screen displays, touch screens, buttons, etc. (6) Application processing: in some advanced functions such as face recognition, voice recognition, ai application etc., mcu is used as co-processor to perform the corresponding processing tasks in conjunction with the application processor.
For example, the safe mcu chip of the semiconductor provides additional data security. 1 Data processing and control: in a wearable device, mcu is primarily responsible for processing and controlling the data collected by various sensors. For example, in a smart watch, mcu needs to process in real time the sensors from accelerometers, gyroscopes, heart rate sensors, etc.
. In addition, mcu will need to control the power management of the device, screen display, key input, etc. 2 telecommunications module: In order to connect to other devices or networks, the serviceable device will normally need to have a communications function. mcu
Wireless connections to mobile phones, computers, etc. can be achieved by integrating various communication modules, such as Bluetooth, Wi-fi, nfc, etc. Through the communication module, users can synchronise data on tweakable devices to other devices, or through other devices to tweakable devices into 3 systems software: mcu also needs to run operating systems and applications to perform the various functions of tweakable devices.
The system is responsible for management system resources, providing bottom drivers and interfaces; applications provide a variety of functions and services to users. For example, in smart watches, the operating system achieves such functions as time displays, alarm clock alerts, etc.; applications achieve functions such as metering, weather forecasting, voice assistants, etc.
Figure 65: Application of mcu in tws Figure 64: Applewatchs4mcu application (light blue) 1 mr: for example, two mcu chips (stm32g071eb and stm32g071eb of the semiconductor)
Efm8bb51f8g for core technology. Stm32g071eb is based on high performance arm@corpex-m0+32-bit rimsc, operating at a frequency of 64 mhz, integrated into mpu, 36kbsram and 128kb flashes, dma, enhanced i/o and exteriors. The working temperature is -40°C to 85°C.
. efm8bb51f8g is built on a high-efficiency wide-power power 8051 platform with a working frequency of 50mhz, including 8kb flash, 1.28kbram, 16 digit i/0 lugs, 4x16-bit timers, 3 pca corridors, -40°C ~85°C temperature range, 3x30 ff 20 envelopes and other communications.
2 Smart Glasses: In the example of the raybanmeta smart glasses, the main plate is distributed with two mcu chips (mimxrt 685sf of nxp and others). The audio decoding mcu - mimxrt 685sf, belonging to the rt600 series of dual nuclear microcontrols, has 32 bits of armcorpex-m33cpu and cadencextensahifi4 audio dspcpu.
Cortex-m33cpu uses a level 3 command conduit and contains in-house pre-requisite units to support the speculating branch, with two hardware co-processors to provide accelerated support for other dsp algorithms and encryption. Cadencextensahifi4 audio dsp is designed to perform audio and voice codecs and pre-processing and reprocessing modules in an efficient manner, supporting four 32x32-bit macs and capable of doing so.
Each cycle produces two 64 loads. One floating point unit provides four single eee float points for mac for each cycle. There are 4.5 mbsrams, 12 1msamples/sadc. The working voltage is 1.71 v to 3.6v, the working temperature is 20°C to 70°C, the working frequency 300mhz has fc, spi, ut, usb interfaces, and 176 sets of vfbga are used. The other mcu
It is located on the front of the main board and is used mainly for signal processing and signal distribution, in conjunction with audio decoding mcu, for the distribution of audio signals, synchronizing the audio function on the two legs of the mirror that are around the smart glasses, and processing the signal from the camera.
3.4 Products: 51 large product series/exceeded 600 mcu products, which shapes the mcu department store, have successfully produced 51 product series and over 600 mcu products for market choice. The company microcontrolr product (mcu) is mainly based on the armcorptex-m series and 32-bit generic mcu products based on the core of the rsc-v.gd32TM series.
mcu uses the kernels of armocortex-m3, cortex-m4, cortex-m23, cortex-m33, cortex-m7 and risc-v, while providing high performance, low power and high value for money, and corporate products support a wide range of applications such as industrial applications (including industrial automation, energy power, medical equipment, etc.), consumer and hand-held equipment, car electronics (including automobiles)
Navigation, t-box, car instrumentation, car entertainment systems, etc., computing, etc.. As the leading producer of 32bitmcu products in the country, the divisional gd32mcu product has successfully produced 51 product series, exceeding 600 mcu products, with full coverage of mainstream applications such as generic, low-yielding, high-performance, low-power, wireless connections, etc.
m4, m23, m33 and m7, the first global rollout and volume production of 32 generic mcu products based on the risc-v kernel. Figure 68: Micro-innovation gd32mcu family (1) Innovation: in 2023, the company launched the Chinese first kernel based on the armocorpex-m7 gd32h series
Performance microcontrollers, which can be used extensively for applications such as digital signal processing, electromechanical frequency, power, storage systems, civilian drones, audio video, graphic images, etc. The series mcu also applies to applications such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, as a result of ultrahigh main frequency (UHF) and large storage capacity. (2) Product: constantly evolving the location and content of the “mcu department store” with over 600 product bases available
Upwards, further improvements in R & D efficiency and engineering efficiency continue to enrich the product lines. On car regulation mcu, the company ' s car regulation gd32a series mcu currently provides four types of encapsulation of 10 models for market selection, with balanced processing performance, rich external interfaces and enhanced security levels, and provides a wide range of Electrified cars, such as body control, vehicle lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving and electrical power sources.
In the field of home power, with the accumulation of technology and market leadership over the years, it has accelerated the closing of core technologies, enhanced autonomous innovation, and directed to the vast demand of the domestic electricity market.
(iii) Ongoing focus breakthroughs. (iii) Process: The company ' s mcu products currently cover 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 22 nm processes and are in a leading position in the industry. While providing the market with a rich range of products, the company provides its customers with high-quality, easy-to-do localization support services, brand values are rising, and the company ' s strong power in the mcu market is constantly being demonstrated.
(4) Pattern: According to Omdia, in 2022, the world ' s top five mcu producers, imitation semiconductors, risa, nxp, microchip, and English flyer, respectively, accounted for a total share of more than 75 per cent: in 2022, the Mcu market rose to 7th place in the world.
Figure 69: Micro-innovation mcu solutions in the automotive/industrial field (1) Storage chips: in the medium to long term, a wide range of applications, such as artificial intelligence and the global digital economy, will drive semiconductors
In the post-Moor era, new programmes will bring about potential subversion and dividends, such as a new application of a need for a new application, an advanced envelope, a new architecture, and so on. In the case of an individual, the end-side applications will also be rapidly developed and popularized, in addition to the bursting demand of cloud-based computing. In the context of stable mobile phone and pc demand, the big trend is to add a larger one, expected to be stored in 2024.
In 2024, the company is expected to roll out ddr48gb products, which will cover a large portion of the share market application in the niche market category. The company will continue to develop lpdddr4 products, and it is expected that by 2025, the company’s dram products will cover the main niche market demand and deliver the volume supply.
A gap in the supply of the base dram suggests that innovation is likely to take advantage of the opportunity and replicate the noorflash development route. We expect the public sector to generate $5,362.42/6, 930.54/8,114.54 million in operating chip storage in 2024-2026. (2) mcu: on the mcu product, the location and content of the “mcu department store” is constantly evolving, with more than 600 currently available.
In the area of domestic electricity, through years of industrial technological accumulation and market leadership, it has accelerated the closing of core technologies, increased its ability to innovate autonomously and towards the domestic electricity market.
The company’s business income for 2024-2026 is projected to be (3) sensors: the company’s sensor business is now widely used in the lcd contact control, electrocution fingerprinting, and optical fingerprinting markets. The company’s touch-and-control chip is worth nearly a billion. The company’s fingerprint product has been in front of many flagship, high, middle-class smartphones for many years.
The back/side capacitors and optical programs become mainstream market programmers. In addition, the identification precision/safe and reliable fingerprinting program that provides smart door locks from 8*8 mm to smaller areas of applications such as network of goods/industry/carloads is soft and hard.
Sensor products, etc.. We have selected companies that are similar or similar in terms of industry, business model, product type, etc. for comparative analysis. The main products of the Pulse shares are non-lossible memory chips, microcontrolrs, chips, and simulations.
Companies that store complete chip solutions like dram. The areas covered by the product include processors, storages, analog circuits, etc., and specific product categories are calculated chips, storage chips, simulation chips, and interconnectivity chips. The main product of intermediate electronics is the industrial microcontrol chip and amoled display drive chip. The core technology is focused on high-precision adc, high-reliability.
Development and development design for mcu, measurement algorithms, and one-stop solutions for the Internet. The continuously growing mcu department stores, which can switch or copy the noorflash development path over the top of dram, in the context of intelligentization such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry, and given that the dram market space is larger than the noor market space, the company camp
The “buy-in-a” rating is expected to expand, and the “buy-a” rating is maintained. Because of the negative net return on kernel technology in 2024, and the overvalued pe of the pf valuation, the average pe in 2024 was not included in kernel technology and Eastern kernel shares. Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the semiconductor industry continues to face a severe test of slow recovery of demand and competition in the domestic market and industry.
This has increased, with slight variations in such areas as consumption, industry, and automobiles. Regional, localized hotspot demand has emerged throughout the year in the consumer sector, demand has fallen short of expectations in the industrial sector, supply shortages in the automotive sector have subsided, demand in the various sectors is still under way and recovery is expected to have a negative impact on corporate revenue/performance.
New technologies, new processes and new products do not meet the risk of industrialization: the integrated circuit industry is a technology-intensive, capital-intensive and knowledge-intensive workforce-based industry that, through sustained investment in research and development, maintains technological innovation and leads to steady product performance and high reliability win-win customers and meets changing market demands.
Macro-environment and industry volatility risks: The semiconductor sector faces global competition and cooperation and is influenced by macro-environmental factors such as macroeconomics, industrial regulations, and frictions in international trade, both domestic and foreign. At the same time, the semiconductor sector has a certain cyclical character. Supply chain risks: the company’s product characteristics are suitable for operating without crystals.
There is an uncertain risk of testing the capacity of supply chain links, such as plants, to secure procurement needs and reasonable costs. Exchange gains and losses risk: the company has a relatively high share of offshore sales, which are predominantly in United States dollars, and large fluctuations in exchange rates may operate for the company.