Storage of +mcu’s domestic leader, self-researched dram opening up growth space mosaic innovation (603986.sh) 24/07/2024
● Storage +mcu operations contribute to a steady increase, self-research dram operations open up the space for corporate growth. The company is a conglomerate of continental storage +mcu, and the products are ecologically sound, and there is synergy between the different product groups. In the main business, noorflash and mcu are the company’s current core products, and the market position is stable.
Solid, as of 2023h1, the company ranked second in the global noorflash market and first in China’s arm-type mcu market. In the future, it will accelerate the development of self-researched dram operations with a gradual recovery in the climate of niche storage and mcu, among others, and car-quality storage chips: based on noorflash.
Since 2024, the price of the stock product has been zeroflash, the company is the third largest global noorflash designer, product performance and abundance industry leads, and future market competitiveness is expected to continue as product capacity and process increases.
With respect to the lithographic dram, the company has developed its own dram products in a strong manner, based on the capacity and process advantages of the long-term stock, and market expansion has been effective, and business development has been clearly accelerated, and the company is expected to increase its prices as products such as ddrdr3 are down and down. With regard to the slcnand, the public,
The Division ' s 38nm and 24nm process products have been fully produced, and the prices of the products are now under construction, with future prospects for a moderate recovery leading to a robust recovery of profitability; in the case of car regulation products, many of the company ' s products have been certified by the rules of the car, with a cumulative volume of 100 million shipments and a growing impact.
• mcu: The market is growing, the driving power of the car track is high, the company insists on the development of the “mcu department store” and gd32mcu has successfully produced 38 series of more than 450 specific products to achieve full coverage of the mainstream market.
The gd32a503 series of model mcu products, which provides options for car body control, car lighting, etc., and long-term cooperation with various Tierl suppliers, which provides a good basis for future development. From 2024q1, the mcú block price is almost finished and demand is gradually recovering, and the future landscape is expected to evolve.
It is expected that: increased competition in the market; 1 company profile: noor+mcu taps, multi-product synergies
Since its establishment in 2004, the company has been working on the development of storage-related products before entering mcu, sensors, and pmu, respectively.
Management units, powermanageunits, etc., where products are used in industries such as industry, automobiles, computing, consumer-type electronics, object networking, mobile applications, etc. Corporations have made significant progress in various fields in recent years, thanks to their product excellence and their stable partnership with many leading crystal-crystal mills and sealing plants around the world.
Stores: noorflash+slcnand+lice drams. From 2006 to date, companies have achieved volume production of nonflash, slcnandflash, ddr4, etc.
In 2023, the company gained a significant market share in the field of norflash, the second largest global, and the continent ' s first-ranked norflash designer.mcu: 32-mcu flagships on the continent, with a rich product number.
By the end of 2023, the company had been able to produce 46 major product series, more than 600 mcu products, and in 2021 it became China’s first-ranked alpha-type mcu.
In 2021, China became the second-highest supplier of fingerprint sensors, and in 2021, the company launched the gd30 pmu series in order to continuously improve the eco-collaborative co-benefits of mcu products.
The microcontrol unit (mcu) is designed to reduce the frequency and specifications of the central processor (cpu) appropriately and to integrate the RAM, counter, usb, a/d conversion, etc. into a single chip with a chip-grade computer.
In mcu products, sensors can also be used in conjunction with pmu and mcu in a number of areas. For example, in the network area, the importance of sensor-intelligent information processing capabilities is growing, and the mcu and sensor assembly of intelligent sensors is one of the main products in the future.
The company's main business is to store chips and mcu, and in 2019, to buy and buy micro-switches. In this case, the storage chip business is the company's basic plate, including the company's basic plate.
In the semiconductor industry, multi-product-line configurations can form different periods of business climb and breakout, and support companies develop robustly.
Figure 3: The company uses the Fables model, which is based on storage chips and mcu operations (based on the 2023 harvest), and is characterized by light assets and a high degree of professionalism. The Fables model, i.e., no crystal circle production line integrated circuit design model, refers to R & D design and marketing of integrated circuits only compared to idm.
And the model of outsourcing crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulating and testing operations to a specialized surrogate containment plant. Because of the fact that it is not expensive to build a crystalline production line, the Fablesss factory can concentrate its resources on integrated circuit design, with the characteristics of “less assets, more specialized”.
Focusing on product design and research and development to respond quickly to changes in market demand. Figure 4: Companies using the Fables model, focusing on chip design and marketing.
On March 12, 2024, the company announced its first repurchase using a centralized competitive exchange, reflecting firm confidence in its future development.
Figure 5: The company’s equity structure is fragmented, with the founder, Mr. Chu Il-min, implementing an incentive scheme for real control, effectively increasing employee motivation.
(a) Effectively increase the motivation of the company ' s employees and strengthen the core talent base for the company ' s medium- and long-term development.1.2 Financial performance: short-term disturbances do not change long-term growth, focus on research and development companies with sufficient growth energy; significant increase in the volume of chips in storage; impact on performance; 1.630 billion yuan, yoy + 21.3 per cent, in a single quarter;
The recovery is evident with a net return of $210 million to the mother, while yoy+36.5 per cent. 2024q1 has significantly improved the profitability of companies as the price of the product has stopped rising. On the cost side, sales/management rates have remained stable for many years, and R&D rates have increased significantly since 2023, mainly by firms.
Since 2016, companies have been investing in rapid growth. Companies have been pushing the process of noorflash production on a product-based basis, enriching the dram product.
Lines, speed up the closing of core mcu technologies, and work to introduce innovative products that meet market demand, without which market competitiveness is expected to increase gradually.2 Storage chips: norflash is the foundation, self-research dram opens up the space for growth
2.1. Industry profile: an important branch of semiconductors, a large market for storage chips in national alternative spaces: an important branch of the semiconductor industry. Storage chip is a memory device using semiconductor circuits as a storage medium for the preservation of binary data, an important branch of the integrated circuit industry.
Global sales in 2022 amounted to $12,977 million, or about 27.4 per cent of the annual sales of integrated circuits. Common storage chips, including dram, Nand flash chip and noor flash chip, were used mainly in a number of areas such as consumer electronics, information communications, automobile electronics, etc.
Storage chips: they are broadly divided into lossable and non-lossy storage units. By function and data storage principles, storage chips can be broadly divided into lossable and non-lost storage units. The lossable storage chips will not be able to save data after the circuit break, and the representative products will be dram and sram.
The chip can still hold the data after the circuit break, representing the dominant product of the nandflash and noor dram: lost memory. The lost memory (randomaccessmemory, ram) is usually used as a temporary storage medium for operating systems or other programs, divided mainly into dram (dynamic)
Random access to memory) and sram (static random access memory) products, of which dram is the absolute mainstream and sram, although fast to read and write, is more used in cpu first- and second-tier caches because of its low degree of integration and relatively high cost.
Nandflash and noorflash: The same non-lossy memory has different performance advantages. Flashmemory is a mainstream product of a non-lossy memory (readonlymory,rom) and is usually used in embedded systems to store systems, applications, data, etc.
The main application is in solid-state hard disks and the main boardbios. Depending on the principle of hardware storage, flash can be divided into the categories of noorflash and nadflash.
The volume is smaller; the advantage of norflash is implementation in the chip - the code in the norflash can be run directly without the system ram, with a smaller capacity, generally 1mb-2gb. Space: the global storage market is expected to grow at a high rate, with a significant increase in the contribution of the sub-products. According to yole numbers,
Global storage markets are expected to reach $263 billion in market size in 2027, with capr (2021-2027) at 8%. The output breakdown continues to grow at a significant rate, with dram, nad and noor expected to grow to $158 billion, $96 billion and $4.9 billion, respectively, in 2027, with annual compound growth rates.
Figure 14: Projected high-speed growth in the global storage market (2021 - 2027.7 billion dollars) 2021 - 2027otionofestand-alonememorymarket (source: status: statusofthemoraryindustry2022, May2022)
cyclicality: storage plate cycles are highly volatile, with up-front market repairs or more significant. Storage chip products are characterized by high demand, high standardization, low user and product sticky properties, and undergo cyclical fluctuations that are more severe than the entire semiconductor industry.
At times, the storage chip industry tends to experience a much greater contraction of scale, and the industry’s landscape will be much more rejuvenated in the upper cycle, so the storage chip plate is the most relevant stage of the semiconductor industry’s reverse cycle.
Since 2023h2, former overseas plants have collectively reduced production capacity, reversed supply and demand in mainstream storage markets, and recovered product prices. In contrast, since supply and demand patterns have not changed significantly, prices are still at the bottom of the cycle, and the potential for price increases has yet to materialize.
In the future, product prices are expected to start a new boom as the original plants increase their attention, production capacity is being transferred to related high-end products such as hbm, ddr5, etc., and the supply side of the niche storage market is shrinking markedly. In 2013, an index reflecting mainstream dram prices was created.
2.2 Business analysis: noorflash growth is robust, and the base dram is expected to leapfrog by 2.2.1, noorflash: the new dynamic of growth is generated by the use of the network of goods, and the foreign leader fades out of the country to replace the right space: noorflash market space 2021-2027 is expected to continue to grow.
Mostly used to store small-capacity codes such as functional cell phones, televisions, roof boxes, and usbkey. In the age of functional cell phones, noor+psram was the dominant structure at the time, and the demand for the product was strong. But as the functional cell phones faded out of the city, noorflash fell into a long depression in 2005-2015.
With demand for electronics in the class, noorlash has come up with a chance to reverse the bottom of the valley, not only with medium- and high-volume prices, but also with a steady, low-capacity nonorflash price drop, especially when the tws blue-tooth earphones are in bulk, and noorlash has come up with a huge business opportunity. According to Yole, global noor in 2027.
The size of the flash market is expected to reach $4.9 billion, and the capr (2021-2027) is expected to reach 6%.
Of these, high-capacity noorflash market participants are Xeprass and Migwang, directed to cars, industrial controls, etc.: Wanghong and Wahbong electricity are dominated by the production of medium-capacity noorflash and are easily innovative.
The early entry of low-capacity products into the market is now accelerating their penetration into high-end areas, and there is much room for future growth. The flash market entered a period of cold winter in 2022, with major plants starting to phase down production in 2022H2 and stocks fell only significantly until 2023H2 and, at the end of 2023, oems and systems as the demand for the various end-points recovered.
The manufacturer’s inventory further fell to about two weeks, with semiconductor industry reporting that 2024m1 began with a firm’s leading in the field of noorflash, with full product coverage. The third largest global noorflash designer for mega-innovation, currently offering as many as 16 capacity options, covering 512 kb to 2gb, could be met.
Different storage spaces required for a variety of real-time operating systems; for product voltage, there are currently four different voltage ranges for MIG products, 3v, 1.8v, 1.2v, and the product series for battery power applications, 1.65v~3.6v wide-pressure power supply: for wrapping, companies can provide up to 27 different envelopes.
The product performance is excellent, with various types of track-specific layouts. The company’s norflash continues to be a leader in technology and markets, providing large capacity, high performance, high reliability, high safety, low performance for different application markets.
For example, in terms of large capacity, companies have introduced a domestic first-time product series with a high capacity of up to 2 gb, high-performance spinorflash, which is the preferred option for the storage of PPE codes; and in terms of high performance, companies have launched a first-leading national product.
High-speed eight-channel spinorflash products, which are currently used mainly in the 5g base stations, automobiles, industry, etc. Looking forward, business development is expected to rise in volume terms as the supply and demand patterns of the nonflash market gradually improve and the prices of the products are continuously repaired, with companies relying on their own excellent product competitiveness.
2.2.2. Literally dram: Rear storage, self-researching operations have been fully accelerated Demand side: product characteristics are strong, and niche dram market demand is strong. Literally dram consists mainly of 4 gbddr4 and below, the market that the company is currently facing.
In the case of ddr3, due to low power consumption and high compatibility, dddr3 is still widely used in the areas of network communications, television, surveillance, industry. According to the semiconductor industry, the ddr3 market is about $7 billion in size in the short term.
On the supply side: the original plant increased its investment in hbm, and the supply of likidram has been established. As the rawai market continues to grow, the demand for the ai chip continues to rise as the key device, hbm (high).
Products are in short supply and demand. In order to expand their market share and influence, the stockhouses of Samsung, Hercules, etc., have increased their investment, focusing on the expansion of the production capacity of hbm, and gradually exiting from niche markets such as ddr3, with a marked contraction on the supply side.
Specifically: the main factory ddr3 was largely out of supply, and the ddr4 production capacity was significantly transferred ddr3: Synthetic Information, May 13, reported that sk Hercules had transferred the production capacity of the mainland tinless plant from ddr3 to high-end products by the end of 2023 and no longer supplied dddr3, and Samsung had recently informed its client that it was no longer in production at 2024q2.
ddr3, and the supply of dddr3 from the US-Sam Section has also decreased significantly.ddr4: The flash market indicated on May 22 that since 2024q2, the storage plant has started switching part of the ddr4 capacity to hbm, and by the end of 2024, the original plant will have been in place.
About 80% of production capacity is switched to high-end products such as ddr5, hbm, and the ddr4 market is also expected to fall into supply.
It's still at an absolute low in history, and there's no clear recovery. As of 11 March 2024, the semiconductor industry reported, for example, that the head of the foreign dragons, Samsung and Migwang, has been shouting up the ddr3 in 2023q4 and 2024q1, and that the Chinese plant, Wah Bong, has planned to price the ddr3 in recent times.
As the three-star, Hercules, etc., will be cut off in the second half of the year, the market will be hit by dddr3, and spot prices have started to rise, and the upward trend is expected to be maintained in the second half of the year. In terms of rhythm, while the three-star manufacturers have now announced that they will be out of dddr3, they are still in existence because of the company’s presence.
Part of the stock, so that the supply front is still in supply, and the supply side has not contracted significantly, so the ddr3 market has increased, but not much. We expect that the 2024h2 three-star tap will complete the clearing operation, that the supply side will officially contract, and that the supply and demand patterns will be formally reversed, driving the traditional demand boom.
Since 2021, companies have been designing and deriving products such as ddr4 and ddr3. Fabless, operating as a light asset model, are completing the product.
The long-term storage is a rare dramid enterprise in the country, based on a strategic partnership between the two parties, which opens up part of the production to provide substitute services for the company’s dram industry.
After this replenishment, the company will hold about 1.88% of the technology, and the strategic partnership is expected to deepen further.
Figure 22: High-speed progress in the production of compost products, gradually narrowing the gap with the offshore flagships. Figure 23: Mr. Zhu Yiming is the principal head of the two companies, laying a solid foundation for deep cooperation. Focusing on niche markets, companies have significantly accelerated their research and dram operations.
In recent years, companies have promoted self-researched dram products based on the productivity and process advantages of long storage. In 2023, the company’s self-research dram market expanded significantly, with a marked increase in customers, with ddr3 in place.
2023m9 was produced in the market, and the company already has a product model with two product lines – ddr3 and ddr4 – that can satisfy the diversification needs of its customers. According to the company’s announcement, in 2024, the company is expected to purchase its own dram 852 million dollars, a 135 per cent increase from the previous year, with a marked increase in the pace of growth, with the business officially entering a high-speed development phase.
2.2.3, slcnand: based on a niche market, where product processes are constantly improving Market: high reliability, slcnand is irreplaceable. Expression of differences in the amount of information in the nand flash unit (cell) is divided into slc, mlc, tlc and qlcnand, corresponding to one.
Storage units can store data in 1, 2, 3 and 4bit, respectively. The more dense, the slower, the more stable, the less data are, the more cost-effective. Slcnand, while having a certain cost disadvantage, still has a clear advantage over other products in terms of performance, reliability and useful life.
Today’s market still plays an irreplaceable role. According to Gartner, the global slcnand market model for 2024 is projected to be $2.324 billion, maintaining overall stability.
The pattern is: a gradual exit from the international pole and a good domestic market. Compared to the existence of a large number of domestic manufacturers in the nonflash market, there is a relatively good pattern of competition in the slcnand market, very few suppliers with full self-design capacity in the country, and the mainland is dominated by innovation and ownership.
International big factories like Hercules are rolling out the slcnand market, and domestic companies are expected to take over the exit market from the international big plant and continue to raise the city’s share. Positioning: differentiated competition strategy, precise cut-off track.
The demand for alienated products is entering the market for segmented areas, and local applications have taken the lead. Small-volume spinandflash products, for example, can be widely applied to consumer-type products such as mobile phones, roof boxes, etc. Companies are in the lead in terms of technology, products, and market applications.
In terms of products, 38 nm and 24 nm are fully produced, with capacity covered by 1 gb~8gb, with volume covered by gd5f series spinand, capacity covered by 1 gb~4gb, voltage covered by 1.8v and 3.3v, with traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces provided.
In terms of prices, the price of slcnand is still at a historically low level, and the company has indicated that 2024q1 has seen signs of price increases for products, which are expected to continue to rise mildly in the future, and business profitability is expected to increase.
As the consumer’s demand for driving safety, comfort, and related policies rises, car intelligence is approaching a period of rapid development. As car intelligence is developed, more electronic components are needed to support it, and the vehicle storage market will meet.
Full additions. According to the yole report, the global car storage market is expected to grow by 20 per cent over the period 2021-2027, well above the average annual increase in the automobile semiconductor market, storage market and semiconductor market...is one of the main driving forces downstream of the storage market.
Figure 27: Noorflash uses a wide array of car electronics for many years, with a cumulative output of 100 million car-level storage products. The company started layout the car electronics field in 2015 and completed gd25/55spinorflash and gd5f in 2019 and 2022
Spinandflash's full capacity of aec-q100 is widely used in areas such as smart cabins, smart driving, and smart web connections. After a long period of technological deposition and accumulation, with product innovation, reliable quality, and stable and easy supply and support, the cumulative volume of product stored in an innovative car code has exceeded 100 million.
A wide range of options are available for national production of vehicle-borne applications.3.mcu: there is a wide range of national production alternatives, with a strong focus on driving patterns 3.1. Industry profile: a robust market growth and a wide range of national production alternatives
3.1.1 Introduction: Chip-level computers, 32 of which are mainstream trends in the future, mcu is a chip-level computer with control functions. mcu is a microcontrol unit (microcontroller unit), also known as the singlecipmicrocompute). mcu is a cpu, storage, peripheral function.
They can all be integrated on a single chip, with control capabilities. As a highly integrated micro-calculatory control system, mcu has a simple system structure, high reliability, high processing function, low voltage and low power consumption, high environmental adaptive capability, etc., and has been widely applied to auto electronics, industrial controls, instrumentation, home appliances, etc.
Fields, closely related to our lives. By type of application, mcu can be divided into specialized and generic types. The specialized mcu hardware and instructions are designed for a specific purpose and are more targeted, such as a single-sniper machine for thermometers and for laundry.
One-piece machines, etc.. General-purpose mcu provides users with developed resources (rom, Ram, i/o, eprom), which are relatively comprehensive and meet most of the client ' s needs. Bits, 16, 32 and 64. In theory, the larger the number of mcu places, the larger the number of individual processing data, everywhere.
The faster the speed, the stronger the performance. In four categories of mcu, the slower the processing of the four mcus, the slower they are, the less they are, the less they are able to perform, the faster they are still active in the market, and are known as the “classest single machine”; and 32 of them have a higher performance and a higher profile.
High-end applications, such as whole-car control, smart instrumentation, object networking, etc.; 16-bit mcu are less prominent in performance versus value-for-performance, and are in an awkward position, with a lower overall delivery rate. China’s mcu market is growing steadily, with 32 being the dominant trend in the future.
China’s mcu market is expected to grow steadily in the future, with market space expected to reach $8.18 billion in 2025, and capr (2020-2025) at 7.46%. From a breakdown of products, 32 mcu are more powerful than 4 and 8 mcu, and 32 mcu are more efficient than the future in complex intelligent landscape applications.
The data centre predicts that the market size of China’s 32-digit market will continue to expand in the future, and is expected to be 60% of the total market size of the mcu in 2025, the dominant trend in the future.
3.1.2, Downstream: Automobile Electronics is the main market downstream of mcu, with sufficient power to grow in the future. Automobile Electronics is the main application downstream of mcu, with sufficient power to grow in the future.
It's industrial control, medical care, computer networks, consumer electronics, etc. The jwinsight analysis suggests that car electrons will be the main driving force for future growth in the mcu market, and the ratio should continue to rise.
Car regulation mcu certification is difficult, long-cycle, but has significant long-term benefits. It requires higher environmental requirements, reliability requirements and supply cycles for products than consumer and industrial chips.
Time, in a long certification cycle, chip suppliers don't get any real benefits from the factory. But once the whole front-loading market supply chain is in place, chip manufacturers can enjoy a supply cycle of at least 10 years, and new energy vehicles continue to grow in volume and market size.
In terms of market size, as the penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to rise, the global market is expected to grow in 2025.
11.1 billion United States dollars, capr (2019-2025) amounted to 9.3 per cent, with robust growth. 3.1.3 Patterns: foreign leader monopolies, local firms rising up, foreign leader taking up a major market share and national production replacing space.
The market for the mcu sector is 75%. Industry is more concentrated. These include companies such as Ngi Pu (17%), Rissa Electronic (16%), IA semiconductor (15%), Microchip (14%), British Flying Rice (13%), and smaller public corporations, with major firms including MIG and UV countries, with a market share of 1% and a foreign share.
In the domestic mcu market, the top five companies in the country are, respectively, agile innovation (4.4%), meso-electronics (4.1%), national technology (1.8%), music technology (1.5%) and micro-electrics (0.8%), with a share of only 12.6%, and a large national alternative space.
Domestic firms are mainly oriented towards consumer electronics markets, and high-end areas such as industrial controls and automobiles remain to be broken. The end-use applications of the global mcu market are concentrated in auto electronics and industrial controls, while domestic mcu enterprises are concentrated in low- and middle-end markets such as small-scale electricity and consumer electronics, and there is still much progress in automobiles and industrial controls.
As medium- and high-end processes and products, car regulations and industrial controls have high standards for stability and quality, long validation cycles, and high requirements for macu manufacturers. With the optimization of our upstream supply chain in the mcu sector, and the need for domestic mcu in downstream mid- and high-end markets,
In the future, our mcu producers are expected to gradually penetrate the mid-to-high-end market in Mcu. 3.2. Business analysis: the market position is rising, the driving power of the car track is high, the product coverage is wide and the market position of the company is rising.
The location and content of the “mcu department stores” produce high-performance industrial-grade mcu products. As the leading manufacturer of 32bitmcu products in the country, the company gd32mcu products have successfully produced 46 product series, exceeding 600 mcu products, and have achieved full coverage of mainstream applications such as generic, low-cost and high-performance markets.
According to the global market ranking of mcu by omdia, the company’s ranking rose rapidly from 13th in the world in 2020 to 7th in the world in 2022, making significant progress. In addition, the company is the 32nd most commonly used mcu supplier in the Chinese brand, and the first in China.
The arm and rsc-v structure are two-line layouts, and the product ecology is constantly rich. The risc-v structure is relatively late, but it is fast-growing. It can select a set of command frames suitable for the command set, depending on the specific scene, and it is very wide-ranging. It is easy to innovate in both structures, with the product kernel covering the arm.
Cortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7 are also the first companies in the world to launch and produce 32 generic mcu products based on the risc-v kernel. In addition, in the context of the main-power series, gd32TM, the company has joined forces with global collaborators to launch multiple IDEs, development packages, vb, graphical interfaces gui, Ann.
The mcu ecology is constantly enriched by components, embedded ai, operating systems and cloud connectivity programmes.
The class gd32a series mcu is currently able to provide four types of encapsulation of 10 models for market selection. After its launch in September 2022, the company ' s car code mcu product has been successfully developed with the national head Tier 1 platform to develop cooperative Etaik body control, Paulon technology tire pressure monitoring systems, and in collaboration with several international head companies, the product has been approved.
In 2023, the mcu market demand remained low, competition in the industry increased, and prices of products continued to decline. At the income level, the company collected 2023h1.
Here, the company states that its stock of products and channels has returned to normal, and that the average price of sales has reached the bottom level, expecting subsequent prices to remain stable and wait for the industry to recover. According to the African Network, 2024q1mcu/mpu storage chip: since 2023h2, the mainstream storage price has been out of the low, and the price of rich products is expected to recover.
The company’s flush product is constantly improving in terms of process and performance, and the rules of the car are going well and expected to continue, and the market share is expected to rise further; the self-research dram business is clearly accelerating and the future is expected to accelerate to mcu: at the industry level, the mcu product’s price base is almost complete, and the future is expected to pick up in response to demand.
At the company level, car-grade mcu products have been used in bulk for large domestic automobile plants and are expected to accelerate in the future. We expect the company to continue to benefit from high-end and nationalization of mcu products, with a city-wide prevalence of sensors: the company is the leading firm in global fingerprinting chips, and the product is in lcd contact control, electricity.
There are a wide range of applications in the field of fingerprinting, which is expected to benefit from the expansion of the market in the future. We expect a corporate sense that, as a leading chip design company in the industry, business cover storage chips, mcu and sensors, we have selected the share of the scintillation, taking into account the current business composition and future trends of the company.
(688416.sh), Pulse (688766.sh) and Eungry (688110.sh), as compared to comparable company valuations, show that the current corporate valuation is relatively reasonable. The “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the company's dominant position in domestic storage and the mcu field and its future growth.
(1) Downstream demand recovery for products is not as good as expected: since 2021, consumer-type markets such as smartphones have continued to be depressed and, although there has been a slight recovery in some areas in the recent past, it remains to be seen whether it can be sustained.
Corporate self-research dram operations are currently limited in number of products, and future market expansion is linked to the high roll-out of new products, which may have a negative impact on the company’s future performance if new products are not developed as expected. (3) Crystal production is less supported than expected: the company works with core crystals suppliers as a Fabless firm.
Over the years, closer cooperation has developed. But increased market competition in recent years does not preclude a decline in the ease with which firms are able to obtain their output, which in turn affects the supply of their products at the end. (4) Increased market competition: more and more manufacturers have entered in recent years as a result of the increasing pace of national production substitution processes.
Market competition increases when storage and mcu markets are in place. Once a firm's skills, quality of products and quality of services have fallen, the pre-existing market position will be challenged.