"Store +mcu+ Sensition" platform, Inc., benefits from downstream micro-innovation (603986.sh) "Store +mcu+ Sensitivity" head-ic designers. Companies are domestic.
The lead company, Storage +mcu+ Sensitions, which has a full product coverage of consumption, industry, automobile markets, and its deep-farming research and development, which fully benefits from the tide of national production substitution and the reversal of the bottom of the industry cycle, will continue to grow further with the company's own brand dram, and the company's future long-term profit space will increase.
The storage chip has arrived, and the company's "nor+dram+nand" has a multi-area layout. As the storage market warms, the flash industry continues to reboot, and the company is consuming electronics, Prince Road.
Industry, automobiles, etc. continue to penetrate, with the company noorflash reaching a record high in 2023. It is expected to maintain a market-based priority strategy in 2024, further entrenching the leading position of the noorflash industry; the company, in collaboration with the development of the Nand product line, continues to drive to the automobile and industrial markets.
Ton, the company ' s gd5f whole series of products, through aec-q100 vehicle certifications, is complementary to car regulation spinorflash and is expected to increase the dynamic motor electronic market; in the dram area, the company continues to invest in research and development, with base ddr3l, dddr4 covering capacity 1-8gb,
In parallel, the dram technology under the 1xnm class process is being advanced, with companies focusing on their own branded dram products from 23q3 and the supply chain working with domestic head manufacturers, and the company dram industry is expected to continue to grow.
The company has now successfully produced 46 large product lines, with more than 600 mcu products selected for the market. The company has launched the gd32a503 series of mcu products to further upgrade the company's vehicle presence.
The market share of regulation and industry, with consumption and industrial markets warming, we believe that the mcu market will be at the bottom of the second half of the year, that stocks and prices will be warming gradually, and that companies are expected to lead the recovery in the mcu market for many years.
Investment recommendations: storage of reverse signals at the bottom of the market, continuous upgrading of the company's product lines to the market, relative depth of 300 performance chart I, "Store +mcu+ Sensitization" head of the i.e., designers of multi-area layouts
(i) Storage as a base, multi-area layout MVI is a leading semiconductor designer in the country. The company was founded in April 2005 and was originally named Beijing Cyclops, e-Tech Ltd. In December 2009, the company was renamed Beijing MCI Ltd. and handed over its ownership in 2016.
In 2013, the company launched an industry headline spinandflash. In October 2017, a 12-inch dram project of the 19nm process was launched.
By June 2021, the company released its own branded dram products. Mcu Business: In 2013, the company released its first 32-digit generic mcu based on the armcorpex-m3. Since then, the company has stepped up its product research and development efforts in the mcu field and launched its ultra-high performance mcu based on the cortex-m7.
Sensors operations: In 2019, M.O.I. completed the acquisition of 100 per cent of S.I.T.S.A., formalization of the simulation business: the company conducts product eco-building around mcu, develops a multi-area layout of specialized power source management products, high-performance power source products, power-driven products, lithium battery management products, and expands the company ' s product lines.
Table 1: Introduction to the product components of the mega-exposure innovation
The business model of the company is determined by the properties of the product itself, which helps to invest in efficiency, business flexibility, etc., so the company selects the development model of thetables. (ii) Equity is fragmented, and equity incentives target core R & D personnel.
The company’s annual report of 2023 showed that its chairman, Mr. Chu Yiming, was the company’s real controller, holding 6.86% of the shares directly, and that his relationship with Hong Kong’s Winning and Winning Rich Limited was one of concerted action, with real control over 8.82% of the company’s shares. The company’s shareholders, including Gweyton and multiple investment agencies, were numerous. Mr. Zhu was experienced in his industry and had been half-directed in the United States.
The industry has worked for many years and has also served as the head of the board and chief executive officer of the compost company, although it has a low direct share in the company, but it has a new equity incentive scheme for companies that was published in 2024. A total of 45 people were offered shares of 6.7814 million, which set clear performance targets based on business income in 2023.
Cooperation with intra-business companies has been marked by synergies. Mr. Chu Yiming, founder and chairman of MoI, resigned from the position of ceo in July 2018 and moved to a wise integration and long-term storage of ceo, which has reduced inter-firm communication costs to a large extent, thereby reducing motor traffic.
In business, cooperation between the two firms helped to create economies of scale, with companies starting to sell dram products in 2020, and multiple collaborations in the manufacture of dram products and after-sales, which helped to open up marketing channels and create synergies.
(iii) The reversal of profit margins at the bottom of the profit margin and the impact of impairment on short-term performance The weakening of market demand has led to a downward trend in the prices of corporate products throughout the year, leading to a trend of relative regress in the corporate markets up to the bottom of 23q4, leading to an increase in sales of company-related products, along with an increase in the competitiveness of the company's product lines and an increase in the city's share,
Corporate operating income was 1.627 billion yuan, a 21.32 per cent increase in the same year, a 19.10 per cent increase in the ring, and a positive gain on the same year-to-year net profit. Figure 6: Corporate operating income and growth in the single quarter of the year, a 15.51 per cent decrease in the same year.
Growth has reached a record high; slcnand has risen significantly in the same year; dram brands have grown from 23q3 and market expansion is now evident; mcu has achieved business income of 1,316 million yuan, a sharp decline of 53.46 per cent over the same period, a gradual decline in the second half of the year and a steady price of 23q4; sensor products have achieved a revenue of 352 million yuan, a decrease of 18.97 per cent over the same period, and sensor products have increased even further in mobile markets.
With the semiconductor market showing demand and falling prices in 2023, companies attach great importance to building research and development teams and managing the R & D process, maintaining a higher level of R & D input. Persistence on product innovation, technological innovation, and better proximity to market demand. In 2023, corporate R & D investment amounted to $1,067 million, at a cost of 18.52 per cent.
The proportion of technicians is relatively high, and technicians usually dominate the corporate team and play a central role in key areas such as product development, process improvement and manufacturing processes, accounting for about 73.5 per cent of the technical staff of the company and 56.93 per cent of the master ' s degree and above.
Figure 12: Corporate R & D staff ratio II. Storage chip traps have arrived and company “nor+dram+nand” multi-area layouts (i) Self-researched dram continues to break through and join hands to achieve a brand-of-a-kind breakthrough
The dram price is currently in the upper cycle and the demand side is warming. Overall, the current dram market is in the upward cycle.
In terms of price levels, dram prices have reversed at the bottom. Given that, since 2023, former overseas plants have managed capital expenditure at the same time, former manufacturers have transferred some of their capacity to production lines such as hbm and ddr5, and Liquidram has rebounded since the third quarter of 2023.
The price of 2402 is still on the upward trend, benefiting from the demand of the one. According to the latest estimate for the Trendforce Consultancy, the price increase in the dram contract for the second quarter will be revised upwards to 13-18%. In terms of demand, there is now a consensus that the aipc and ai mobile phones will be able to take up the sale price to get the spot, while, due to the squeeze effect of the hbm production, the hbm3e product will be picked up in the light of the samsung.
Using the 1alpha process node to further crowd out the ddr5 supply, especially in the third quarter, when Hbm3e is being produced, the impact is most significant, with some downstream customers wanting to make their supplies early. Corporations focus on R & D, self-researching the liquid dram, and companies already produce ddr4 and ddr3l products, and through close proximity to plant agents.
The company now owns two product lines, ddr3 and ddr4, and has introduced several product models to meet customer demand for different types and capacities. The continuous market expansion strategy has led to a steady increase in the number of clients that the company made in 2023. The volume of ddr3l2gb and 4gb products in applications such as web access and tv has increased significantly.
Together, the dram opens up the space for company growth. Since 2021, companies have been launching multi-d4 and d3 dram products, while companies are associated with Chang-jung, whose announcement of 29 March 2024 is intended to participate in the ding-tao with their own funds of 1.5 billion yuan.
The company will hold about 1.88% of the stock in long-term technology once this replenishment is completed, further deepening the strategic partnership between the company and long-term technology, strengthening synergies, accelerating the distribution of productive capacities, and gradually increasing the self-research dram ratio and opening the space for long-term growth of the company.
(ii) Noorflash products are newly high, car scenes drive new volumes Consumption scenes remain the main area of application of noorflash, accounting for 71.3 per cent, and based on the needs of noorflash, noorflash is currently concentrated on mobile phone modules, network communications, wearables, car electronics, etc., with functions primarily related to the implementation of internal instructions, systems.
Data exchange, user data storage, manufacturer configuration of data storage, etc., covering the necessary code and data storage units. According to Maia research, communications, consumer electronics, computers, industrial controls, vehicle electronics in downstream applications in the nor market account for 30 per cent, 26 per cent, 14 per cent, 12 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively.
In 2017, Migwang and Sepuras announced their withdrawal from the low- and medium-volume storage consumer electronics market, which led to an increase in the share of the market of the Chinese, the Chinese and the Chinese. Other domestic producers, such as the Purgus shares, the eastern kernel shares, the scintillation shares, etc., joined rapidly, improving supply and demand patterns, and global noorflash 2021.
For example, tws headphones drive norflash needs, compared to traditional headphones, tws headphones need to store code programs with extra-loaded chips.
And so the huge demand for storage chips is that each tws headphone needs one norflash. As a domestic memory chip tap, the omen of easy innovation succeeded in replacing overseas competitors in 2019, becoming the preferred supplier for the noorflash product of the Appleairpods series; and, at the same time, the amoled panel has a high demand for high resolution, colour, contrast, and noor has excellent storage codes and data.
The higher penetration of the amoled panel has also led to an increase in the demand for norflash. For the low ratio of China’s high-level Māori, the main factor is that the storage price has reached the bottom of the stock cycle, followed by an increase in the price of some of the noor’s products after 23q3, a billion new currency, an increase of 14.7% and an increase of 4.63% over the same period.
Prices rebounded, and the price of lithic products was expected to rise, while the focus was on the future; Wanghong's 2024q1 harvest was $5.760 billion in new stations, with the ring falling by 1.51 per cent, but the company's monthly performance gradually improved.
Auto-intelligentization raises the demand for noorflash and focuses on the company’s progress in high-additional areas. In automobile applications, car intelligence and auto-drive technology boost the demand for noorflash, the company’s gd25 product fully meets aec-q100 certification, and the gd55 2gb large-volume product has been certified.
The entire series of products of the company’s 55nm process nodes are currently in production and are continuously being prepared; the gd25x/lx series is eight spi products, reaching 400 mb/s; and the large capacitynor fully realizes the eccc error function and meets the stringent requirements of vehicle-borne applications.
According to the annual financial reports of the companies mentioned above, the future of Migwang will not have more capacity planning in Norflash for some time, and noorflash operations are mainly at the middle and upper end of the small scale; the capacity of Wanghongnorflash for noorflash is largely concentrated in high-end products; and the year 22 in Chinese e-commerce.
The productive capacity invested in Taiwan after the start of the plant will be further released, but the release of the nonflash capacity will be also limited, increasing by less than 5 per cent in 22 years after the new plant was put into operation. (iii) slcnand is developed in synergy, covering a wide range of areas
Nandflash, another major market for rom, offers low-cost and efficient solutions to the use of large-volume memory. Nandflash has a simpler internal structure, low cost and small size.
Back up, prices continued to rise, and gartner data show that in 2019, the global market size of the slcnandflash was approximately $1.671 billion. 38 nm and 24nm were full-scale products, with the Nand mix of noor strategic layouts. The company is currently using 24nm as the main process, with capacity covering 1gb~8gb, voltage covering 1.8v and 3.3v, providing both traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces.
At the same time, the company ' s 38nmslnandflash-based product capacity covers 1 gb~4gb, and the car-sharing scheme spinorflash provides more opportunities to enter the car market. On the slncnandflash product, the company ' s spinandflash has already achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, communications, automobile electronics, etc., and the synergetic development of Nandflash and nonorflash will result.
Continued expansion of the company ' s market share in this area.
(i) The market demand for mcu is huge, and the national production replacement is an integrated original of a computer system on a single chip. mcu is called the microcontrol unit (microcontroller unit). It is a single chip mini-computer system that integrates the core of the processors, the storage unit, the input output interface and the clock.
mcu is usually widely used in areas such as control systems, consumer electronics, communications equipment, auto electron, industrial automation. It has small size, low power, low cost, high degree of integration, high programming, etc., very suitable for limited resources, low utility requirements, and cost-sensitive applications.
Storage of operational data. In addition, mcu provides various input-output interfaces to connect external equipment and sensors. mcu is usually classified according to the width of the bus or data memory. It is divided into 1 bit, 4 bit, 8 bit, 16 bit, 32 bit and 64 bits. 8 bits of mcu are widely applied in areas such as smart sensors, automobile electronics, consumer electronics, 16 bits of mcu are frequently used for industrial automation,
In areas such as motor electronics and medical equipment, 32 mcu have higher computing and storage capacity, which enable them to handle more complex algorithms and tasks. They are widely applied in areas such as high-performance embedded systems, smart equipment, drones and robots.
The global downstream application of mcu is fragmented, with domestic relative focus on consumer electronics. The size of the domestic mcu market consists mainly of consumer electronics, computing networks, auto electronics, smartic cards, and industrial controls. Global mcu applications include autoelectronics, industrial controls, consumer electronics, computing storage and communications, with automobiles accounting for the largest share of electronics, with a market share of 34 per cent in 2022.
In 2022, the global market for mcu was dominated by a large foreign chip giant. In 2022, the local market was as high as 83.4% for the semiconductor, Risa Electric, Engjiura, Microchip, English and English. In 2021, the domestic market was 85% of the domestic market for Mcu.
Domestic mcu firms are accelerating their rise, and some leading firms, such as micro-innovation, mediocre electronics, continue to increase their market share in mcu. Among these, the market share of mega-innovation is in the top position, and the market share of domestic firms is close to 16%.
The innovation gd32mcu, a leading manufacturer in the field of high-performance generic microcontrols in China, was the first to launch armcorpex-m3, cortex-m4, coltex-m23, coltex-m33 and cortex-m7 nuclear generic mcu product series, and the launch of the rsc-v nuclear generic 32-digit mcu product series in the world’s premiere, has developed into the core of 32 generic mcu markets.
The volume of shipments, with 416 series of over 600 products selected to provide the largest range of applications in China’s territory, is stable. (ii) In the area of car layout mcu, the company gd30, gd32a series is used for electric cars. gd30 is built around mcu-related ecology, covering high-performance electricity.
Source, power-driven, power-management unit and lithium battery-management products. Company car regulation mcu offers a total of 4 types of encapsulation for market selection, with balanced processing performance, rich external interfaces and enhanced security levels, to provide mainstream development options for a wide range of Electrified car scenes, such as body control, visualization, smart seating, auxiliary driving and electrical power.
In addition, mcu plays a role in dashboards, security monitoring units, security system control units, sound entertainment systems, and wireless communication modules. As car intelligence technology advances, mcu applications in cars will continue to develop and innovate, and chips are upstream in automobile manufacturers.
The demand will continue to rise. At the same time, the demand for mcu in the application of the Internet will continue to rise with the rapid development of the technology. The trend towards intelligence and automation is also accelerating and will boost the demand for mcu significantly. With the increase in the penetration of new energy vehicles, the build-up of car intelligence will grow to $8,646 million in 2023.
Company gd32 series mcu achieves full coverage of mainstream generic applications. Company gd32a series mcu helps to leverage local supply chains. Currently, four types of encapsulations of 10 models are available for market selection. As leader of 32bitmcu products in the country, company gd32mcu products have successfully produced 38 large product series, more than 450 mcu products, achieving universal, low-cost, high-performance, low-capacity,
In the case of domestic electricity, in 2023, the company entered into a partnership with the National Centre for Advanced Intelligent Home Power Innovation to build a national centre for high-end smart household appliances innovation and a joint gd32mcu laboratory. The current high-end semiconductor is dominated by the foreign chip giant, while the domestic mcu has a market share.
In the long-term trend of intellectual ability, arithmetic, intelligence interconnectivity, and demand for national production replacements, with a higher computing capacity and storage capacity to handle more complex algorithms and tasks. It can be applied to high-performance embedded systems, smart equipment, drones and robotics.
Good, it is expected that the domestic domestic electricity market will be further met and that the current low self-sufficiency of home-based chips will be improved.
(iii) Sensor operations are developing in tandem with high-end areas of layout consumer electronics. The company's sensor operations are continuing, mainly touch chip and fingerprint identification chips. There are a wide range of applications in the lcd touch, capacitor fingerprint, optical fingerprint market, nearly 100 million shipments in the company's touch chip year, and the company's fingerprints have been on multiple flagships, highs, mediums for many years.
The commercial pre/replace/side-side capacitation and optical programmes of smartphones become mainstream market programmers and, over time, the application coverage of the national production mcu chip will become more widespread, with a steady increase in layout and market share in mid- and high-end areas.
Optical fingerprint recognition relies on light reflection to read fingerprint features. The basic rationale for optical fingerprint recognition is to light the user's fingerprints by using the interval between oled screen pixels, which then returns to the sensor under the screen, and then compares the images to the database. Optical fingerprint recognition is superior in its ability to resist environmental interference, but shows itself when there's impurities or moisture on the finger.
The company achieved a complete “storage + control + sensor” system solution in the area of network of things, completed a systematic strategic layout, further developed integrated storage, control, sensorization, interconnectivity, border computing, etc.
IV. Profit predictions and investment proposals Storage chips: as the storage market warms up, the noor/nand industry continues to re-engineer and companies consume electronics, jobs, etc.
The industry, automobiles, etc. continue to penetrate, with the company ' s noorflash reaching a record high in 2023 and is expected to remain a market priority in 2024. The strategy is to further consolidate the noorflash industry ' s leading position; the company, in collaboration with the development of the nand product line, continues to open up to the automobile and industrial markets, and the company ' s gd5f whole series of products is expected to be matched by aec-q100 regulation certification, which is expected to complement the car code spinorflash.
Further dynamic car electronics market; in the area of dram, the company is continuously investing in research and development with a liki ddr3l and ddr4 cover capacity of 1-8gb, while advancing dram technology under a 1xnm-level process, which, since 23q3, has focused on its own branded dram product, mcu business: the company has now successfully produced 46 product series of mcu products, more than 600 mccu products for market choice.
The company introduced the gd32a503 series of car regulation mcu products to further increase its market share in car regulation and industry. As the consumer and industrial markets get warmer, we believe that the mcu market will come to the bottom in the second half of the year, stocks and prices will get warmer, and the company's sensors and other operations in the city of mcu: after the company's acquisition of Slim, business growth is robust, helping the company achieve a system of “storage + control + sensor”
To benefit from the gradual recovery of the consumer market and the demand for optical fingerprints in the field of security certification, we believe that sensor operations will be valued relatively: MPI is a leading domestic “storage +mcu+ sensor” manufacturer, where firms have domestic competitors, and therefore value as comparable companies that choose different chip fields among listed domestic companies.
In this area, we have chosen the Beijing shares of Junzheng and Pujong as comparable companies, in mcu we have chosen the middle electronics as comparable companies, in sensors innovation as a platform company ' s multi-operational co-development, multi-products with deep barriers, and a higher premium. Absolute valuation: we have used the fcff valuation method, assuming wacc=8.58%, a constant growth rate of 3.00% and a 10-year transition rate of increase.
Maintenance of company “recommends” rating. The company is a leading domestic “storage +mcu+ consciousness” company, with products covering consumption, industry, automobile markets, deep-farming research and development, fully benefiting from the tide of national production substitution and the reversal of the bottom of the industry cycle. As companies continue to grow in their own brands, dram, the company’s future long-term profit space will be further opened.
We expect the company to achieve business income by 2024-2026, and the price of the product will rise less than expected. The price increase in the market nor/nand/dram has been going on for several months, with short-term supply and demand swings, and there may be a risk that the company’s product will recover less than expected.
The company’s car regulations, mcu, etc., are now in the market extension phase, and there is a new business that the China Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects its research views.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; two years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.