The first Shanghai five grain fluids (000858) showed resilience to performance, long-term planning and progress.
The product structure continued to be optimized and profitability steadily increased: by sub-product, 22fy liquid products received 55.34 billion yuan, i.e. 12.7 per cent per year, with volume increases of between 12.2 per cent and 330,000 tons, average ton prices of + 0.4 per cent, Māori upturns of between 0.97 pct and 86.6 per cent, and alcohol products generated a revenue of 12.23 billion yuan, i.e. 3.1 per cent per year.
The median sales ranged from 38.1 to 9.4 tons, mainly as a result of the high concentration of medium- and high-priced products on the initiative of the firm during the period, and the higher base for sales of low-priced products over the same period of the previous year. In this context, the average tonnage of the series of alcohol products was +56.6 per cent, and the Māori ratio was +1.0 ptt to 60.7 per cent, with a significant structural improvement.
A total of 12 brand-cleanings, continued optimization of product structure, the impact of a build-up of price increases for core products, a significant increase in average ton prices for the company ' s liquor business throughout the year +56.5 per cent, and a combined Māori ratio of +1.59 pct to 81.9 per cent.
The marketing changes have followed the trend: according to the distribution pattern, the sales of 22fy and the direct sales model achieved income separately. By the end of 22 years, the company had 2,489/655, compared to 435/53, the sales terminals of the stores combined 1,630, compared to 85. On the direct sales model, the company was very active in expanding the acquisition channels of the group.
During this period, the company has further adjusted 21 marketing zones to 26, and it is expected that subsequent marketing management will be more refined and that the speed and precision of the market response will remain at more than double-digit growth. In the long run, the company sword will be at the hundreds of billions in 2025.
With the gradual easing of environmental pressures, we expect that the benefits of corporate reform will be accelerated and that, following the upturn in market demand, it will be possible to open up more room for growth in the bulk price of core products and in the company’s business performance, with companies expected to have a long-term significant risk: 1) food safety: 2) consumption recovery is below expectations: 3) industry competition will increase.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. May 2023 First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., 71 Hong Kong Mid-End Avenue, 19th floor of the Young-Ann Group Building.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai First Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai First”) and is intended for general review by institutional investors only. No material, content or copy of this report may be copied, excerpted, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from Shanghai I. The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not used as or deemed to be the sale or purchase or acceptance of securities or other financial instruments, or an offer or invitation to make an offer or offer in respect thereof.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors. You should make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax situation.
There is no explicit or implied statement or assurance of propriety.