On 26 May 2023, at Ying Bin, Sichuan, the five grain fluids held their 2022 shareholders.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 2022: 1) Re-innovation of business performance to double-digit growth for seven years. 2) Re-innovation of brand value to build on five consecutive years of double-digit growth.
China’s White and Wine industry was the only best-performing brand in 2022. The year was the best. 4) Full implementation of the head office marketing strategy, regional master warfare. 5) New Chinese White and Wine Science Research Center, special food workers in China.
In 2023, emphasis will be placed on: 1) promoting efficiency gains in brewing wine. 2) Investing in branding. 3) Investing in product structure.
Building of five food springs, five grains, five grains of ol, five grains of special headlines, and one-size-fits-all. 4) Investing in the optimization of marketing channels based on headquarters masters and regional masters. 5) Investing in the development of priority projects to secure 100,000 tons of eco-breeding for a period of 20,000 tons, and in the storage of wine stores.
The technical engineering, smart packaging warehouse integration project phase I and the 110 kV distribution system were completed to ensure that 100,000 tons of eco-breeding phase II, the music workshop expansion project and the Jiangbei water system upgrade project are being accelerated.
Marketing reforms are continuing, consumer development is continuing. 1, Five Grains (000858): In the case of a series of alcohols, the company highlights three priorities, including the deep classification of the market.
Construction, full-scale consumer development, marketing innovations and reforms. 2, Five Grains (000858): spring-busting channels, company enhanced market regulation and scarcity of distribution rights, with increased costs
Positive feedback, steady year-round progress: 2023-Employable; launch of the Five Grain Liquid Terminals, Specialties, Cultural Experiences, Five Grains, one of the three Winners, completes the fifth-generation construction of the Specialized Shop and adds to the empty market.
3 “Five grains” (000858): 300 stores that continue to be sold. At the end of the day, three major scenes are developed, using the business, financial, cultural, artistic and artistic circles to focus on high-quality people;
On the basis of 7 million consumer members, the membership system continues to be well structured, with excellent macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected seasons, less than expected price for batches, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.