In 2022, the Shareholders Conference took stock: there was sufficient internal and external development activity, the event: we recently participated in the Shareholders ' Conference of the Five Grain Companies, where the company made a full presentation on the company ' s operations in 2022, its future development objectives, etc., and we summarized the feedback as follows:
• The quality of business has steadily improved and the strategic strength has been maintained. In 2022, the company went through 70 billion yuan, the total profit earned for seven consecutive years guaranteed double-digit growth, and the company ' s three overlapping structural dividend periods were added to the macro-to-good development window, the policy plus the strategic opportunity period, and the concentration of the industry.
Continue to build the new image of the King of Chinese Liquor by investing in the production of famous wine, continuing to pursue brand names, and continuing to deepen marketing reforms. Improve the matrix of 1+3 products and continuously optimize product structures.
In the context of the HDR series, efforts have focused on the creation of 50,000 bottles of wine, which is historically high, and the consolidation of the sub-high core, mainly with new products as the core of the product;
In the case of low alcohol, the company has implemented a low alcohol strategy for the first time in the industry, using a red bag.
This year, cultural wine, which is one of the company’s main development priorities, has been to open up the bottle.
The price of alcohol has been pushed up gradually by active efforts to open up the online market (to raise revenue from direct sales), to expand the overseas market, the "Five Grains" (000858) 22-year newspaper, and to increase the sale of cultural/creative wine/violet wine to low levels.
23q1 Quarterly Performance Review: Performance is consistent with deepening marketing reform and optimizing the distribution structure. Channel-building, optimizing the traditional distribution structure, promoting champions, winners, strong players, promoting direct and emerging innovation channels, optimizing the sound of shaking.
A matrix of the Skycat platform stores, and the first ones to promote the fast-hand platform. Consumer development, " Five Foods and fluids " (000858): Increase resilience, improve accuracy, provide banquets, gifts, collection scenes, enhance membership and efficiency.
Looking forward to high-quality and efficient development in the coming year, consumer services. In market management, channels are well regulated to effectively invest in markets, increase profits, make large price differentials, make personalized products yield, and act as incentives to stimulate returns.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company has made steady progress for 23 years, and high-quality development energy is sufficient. I, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already have a portfolio investment advisory board.