Stock and new co-drivers, transhipment control systems are expected to meet — the China General 6880009.sh incident assessment report released by China General 2023: the company achieved business income in 2023
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn Medium-Track Traffic Control System operating revenue of $29,262 million, which accounts for the total revenue and policy landing, accelerating the turnover to industry.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the country's additional railways are about 2.37 million kilometres operating, the total investment in the railway market is expected to reach 3.5 trillion yuan, while in the meantime, the country will add 3,000 kilometres in iron operations and the total investment in railway line construction is expected to reach the same level.
80 billion yuan, the construction of the country’s railway infrastructure will be maintained at a high level of investment, and the market size of the system’s equipment is expected to be around 10 billion yuan a year. And as our country’s railway operations grow, investment in railways will move from construction to transformation and transport.
In addition, in 2024, the State Department issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment for newer and more new consumer goods for old ones. It was clear that by 2027, investments in equipment in industry, agriculture, construction, transportation, medical care and other areas had increased from 2023.
More than 25%; implementation of equipment upgrading initiatives to promote equipment upgrading in priority sectors, and support for upgrading transport equipment and old agricultural machinery.
1. China Express (688009): Transfer Control
In 2023-11-14 2023, the company further strengthened its position as a leader, with a total number of new contracts signed throughout the year.
By the end of 2023, the company had a hand order of $168,831 million. The company’s orders were translated into business annual performance, guaranteeing an increase in the company’s revenue over the next two years.
▪ The company will strengthen the controls over the company's accounts receivable clients, mainly in the country, and some municipal projects will be repaid slightly more slowly than in previous years due to external factors and local owner funds.
In addition, the company will seize the opportunity to increase the collection of accounts receivable and enhance the collection of accounts receivable by taking measures to strengthen the control of sources, analysing customer integrity, repayment periods, fund balances, etc.
In view of the negative macroeconomic impact, and the return of corporate receivables, I would like to draw up a system of specific incentives for receivables to fully leverage performance incentives and make risks manageable.
(b) Investments in national railway infrastructure are less than expected: investments in urban orbital transport are less than expected.
Mauzheng, M.A. in Materials, University of Akdan, five-year experience in commodity securities investment, Luzhoyang, National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, four years experience in research.
He's a master who joined the Chinese securities in August 2023, reflecting his research. I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.