Company Review - Non-Bank Financial Industry March 28th, 2019 - Extended Securities (000776.sz)
Wuping, Zhang 1st Latitude 2) is affected by the collapse of the equity market and the decline in revenues from investment transactions
As a result of macroeconomic weakness and friction in international trade, equity markets rebounded in 2018, and corporate investments informed the preparation of this report, which expanded by 16.61 times a year, mainly due to transactional and derivative financial asset losses.
Wide-scale investment in Hong Kong's Cayman-registered multi-strategy fund has been affected by a loss of $139 million due to high foreign exchange fluctuations and related market liquidity, reducing the company's combined net profit in 2018 to $919 million, further delaying) external environmental changes have hit investment income, and positive transformations are pending
On the other hand, as a result of changes in economic patterns and regulatory policies, equity financing client structures have gradually concentrated in large State-owned enterprises, leading private enterprises or leading new economies, and the company ' s business model, which used to be dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), has been ranked fifth in the industry compared to 20 sellers; the amount under cover is 12,836 million yuan, a 65.38 per cent decrease in the same ratio, and the industry ranks.
17.20% decrease. Companies actively optimize their client structure, continuously expand and stockpile high-quality large clients, and build on the savings generated by the roll-out of business model strategies. (4) Decline in revenue from brokering operations and downsizing of credit operations
By the end of the reporting period, the number of users of company mobile phone securities had exceeded 22.2 million, an increase of about 40% over the same period; robotics had dropped on Bebe.
In 2018, the company achieved a net interest income of $3.689 billion, an increase of 685.17 per cent over the same period.
Interest income on equity investments totalling $3.585 billion was credited to interest income from investment earnings, which contributed to the increase in net interest income.2 On the integration side, the balance of the corporate finance voucher at the end of 2018 was $39,877 million, a 28.8 per cent decline in comparison; realizing gains 5) actively promoted proactive management transformations, with management doing better than industry averages
By the end of 2018, companies were ranked eighth in the corporate capital-size industry, 26.605 billion yuan a month, and third in the industry. In November 2018, companies issued a non-public application for certification by the CVM.
The capital of the company will be significantly enhanced, helping to expand the business space and enhancing the capacity of integrated financial services.
Companies have market-based mechanisms, high innovation capabilities, technological and financial upgrading, and integrated financial services are leading. Markets are now active, and the corporate business environment is improving.
Future development prospects of the Division, combined with corporate fundamentals and valuations, maintaining a “recommended” rating, 2019/2020/2021