The Hong Kong Central Settlement (a 29.43 per cent decline in revenue from the agency) and operating costs, especially operating management costs, are somewhat rigid.
According to the performance forecast, the company’s operating income is ranked sixth in the industry, while it is ranked fifth in the industry as a parent net profit category, and its operating income and net profit growth rate are ranked lower among the big coupons.
It is worth noting that the company's overseas investment suffered a significant loss, except for the 50.78 per cent change in the financial statements. The latest announcement shows that the company's Open Investment (Hong Kong) Pandion Fund, established in Cayman in 2018, suffered significant investment losses amounting to $139 million, mainly due to exchange rate waves.
This fund is included in the corporate consolidated financial statements, resulting in annual corporate co-opts and net profit decreases of $919 million, mainly as a result of changes in the financial statements, resulting in interest income on investment of claims and other claims (35.85).
This is mainly due to higher interest expenditure than higher income. * Brokerage and commission rates have remained stable, and proceeds from fund sales have increased on a par: company shares in 2018 _aaa_ self-employed, with less than expected performance.
At the same time, the transformation of corporate wealth management is beginning to bear fruit, with a number of ratings reported by _aaa_ Wide-Significant Securities (000776), a negative growth in the sale of financial products, with surrogate charges and commission net revenue of $151 million in 2018.
In the future, with companies managing wealth, agency brokering, science and technology finance and integration, the amount of money sold and transferred to gold-picker platforms amounts to $241.7 billion.
(600030.sh) Project evaluation _aaa_ acquisition plan is a four-wheel-drive strategy, allowing for the development of retail brokering and wealth management operations.
Jang Wenbin, approved, determined that the additional funds will be used to increase the investment of subsidiaries, scale capital intermediation,
Development of business and financial and technological inputs. During the portfolio transformation process, capital was the hard power of bond companies to compete, and after 10 billion dollars, the competitiveness of firms would be enhanced, and the size of the business would be the investment proposal: in 2018, the company suffered a severe decline in its performance as a result of poor performance in such business as investment, internal and foreign investment, etc.
Heavy, but largely maintaining the top five industries. Given the high growth expected under the low base, the scale of business will continue to expand after the 10 billion-grade increase, and corporate wealth management will continue to grow better, especially in the financial, technological and technological sectors.
• Risk factors: market volatility is unexpected, business performance is less than expected, business expansion is less than expected