Desecway's performance is expected to return to the bottom, smart driving products are ready, slightly less than we expected, mainly due to the weaker demand in the city in 2018, and the sale of part of the company's auxiliary model.
The company’s clients are expanding and looking ahead to autopilot operations, the domestic adas system is expected to enter the accelerated penetration period in 2019 and 2020, the company’s product q4 has fallen faster, and the company’s performance is under pressure.
The slowdown, the vagaries of Central American trade, and so on, affected the overall demand for cars in 2018, and the rapid decline in the sales of the auxiliary models in the fourth quarter, which led to a decline in both corporate revenues and profits. Companies looking ahead in areas such as smart driving, with their R & D costs increasing by about 25% in 2018 as compared to sales earnings.
With many new orders from old and new clients, performance is expected to pick up. In recent days, ten ministries have issued a joint call for car consumption, and many cars have responded to the drive-down policy, which is expected to boost consumer confidence and stimulate cars.
The city warms up. As users demand more multimedia entertainment, the year of traffic-borne information and entertainment systems seepage has been successful in opening new sites for the Madhuda New Platform Project, Volvo Global Project, and the German public, as well as new energy companies like cars, cars, homes, etc., and in getting a steamed, popular, up-to-date car.
New project orders from a number of advantaged clients, such as Volkswagen General, Gilly Motors, Biadei, will gradually be produced over the next one to three years, and are expected to be the main growth point in the company’s performance. The adas system is about to break out, and the company’s forward-looking layout is expected to benefit significantly.
Cars are expected to become a new national strategy to support the industry, the supply of cars and cars is increasing, domestic consumer demand is rising, and the domestic adas system is expected to enter the accelerated penetration period by 2019 and 2020.
The company has a high-quality customer base, and the new product will gradually create a vast growth space. The company has agreed to acquire the German Advanced antenna company atbb.
Using the market price of 26 February 2019 as the standard company to acquire key technology for interactive vehicle information, the company will also be strategically deployed in three major business groups: smart cockpit, smart driving and car connectivity.
1) Market sales are below expectations; 2) Autopilot R & D is not as fast as expected. 2019 Annual Strategies in the Automotive Industry: Spring Huatshi, Waiting for Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Automobiles: auto parts and components Figure 1. Summary of Desai Weiwei ' s 2018 performance
Figure 2. Summary of the performance of Desai Weiwei, 2018q4 Income statement (millions of yuan)