Deepening the global landscape, the development of an enabling new scene, events of 01/04/2025: 28/03/2025, the 2024 annual report on the performance of the Tiger Medicines.
\triangleright \triangleright has achieved a better increase in the number and amount of new orders than in the same year.
For the benefit of this, the company’s business in the overseas market is expanding.
Some success has been achieved, particularly with the rapid growth of new forms and operations in the North American market. In 2024, the demand for company orders improved considerably in comparison to 2023, with new contracts amounting to $10.12 billion.
By the end of 2024, the public had continued to deepen the global layout and service capabilities to accelerate the internationalization process.
1. Triangleright 1. Trigger Medicine (300347.sz) 2024 semi-annual reporting point
Assessment: Newly signed bill amounts are rising rapidly, global uniforms are continuously being strengthened, and a gradual expansion of sea 2. Teg medicine (300347.sz) depth reporting: innovation is taking place, building on the continued consolidation of domestic clients and their overseas partners ' seaboarding projects.
Home-grown projects for start-up company clients. New orders, revenues and incentives for the company’s overseas coro operations continued in 2024, and integrated clinical cologne grew robustly - 2024/07/25.
A multi-centre clinical trial (mrct) of 62, with 148 cumulative mrct project experience, will empower the company in depth with an integrated solution. The company completed the opening of its base in February 2025, creating a one-stop version of the Taiya model medical landscape solution for the medical field.
The medical Yaai large model platform is now online and covers several medical applications, providing smart translation, medical question-and-answer, and medical search-in-one solutions in the areas of new drug research and development, clinical testing, and registration declarations. The investment proposal is that Tiger Medicine is a Chinese clinical co-operator, leading by maintaining domestic ownership.
At the same time, we accelerate the opening of overseas markets. We expect company operating revenues in 2025-2027 to draw conclusions on the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright, to produce the present report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.