The significant increase in revenue from civil aviation and automobile products was not sufficient to offset the decline. We note the following:
\triangleright Yoon Wei is deeply involved in the c919 project; collaborates with low-empty head companies.
\triangleright possibilities to 29.0%; 2) Non-avigational defence products: 870 million yuan, yoy-18.8%, Māori ratio
Ma7000 developed a system for the development of civil aircraft airborne systems, with multiple subsidiaries providing support for the C919 project. 2) The company supports the Chinese airline industry in building a series of drones/evtol platforms, with a cumulative investment of nearly billions of dollars in 2024, creating a more complete spectrum of low-air airborne products.
In the field of low-altitude economy, the head of the vtol enterprise formed a system-level, component-level cooperation that provided a mid-2024 rating for airworthiness 1. The mid-flight aircraft (600372.sh) reported: standard airborne computers, aeronautical electrons, sensors, power power power, electrodynamic mature products.
The defence aviation industry completed its task; accelerated promotion of the civil aviation industry reduced its cost rate in 2024; operating net cash flows were more affected by delays in the return of funds.
Bureau - 2024/08/28 Reduction in cost rates from 0.2 ppt to 21.6 per cent over time: 1) decrease in cost of sales from 0.2 ppt to 3.
Recommenced: 42 per cent increase in net profit to the mother; air-carrying dragon hair; investment proposal: the company, as the main force in the development of national fleets and types of sensors for the development and production of airborne systems, continues to promote the transfer of advanced technology to new-quality productivity and the integration of new-mass combat power into aviation defence equipment.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.