With 21 years of high performance and fast-tracking, \triangleright is expected to continue to be a big deal for 22 years, an increase of 66.39 per cent over the same period.
The company's business performance has remained robust since \triangleright, with an increase of about 60 per cent in January/February.
The reason for the continued high growth is that the company has accelerated its platforming strategy, and the growth of smart electric cars has been strong. In 2021, the company achieved a net return of $1.045 billion, slightly below the lower bounds of the performance forecast ($10.5-115 billion), mainly due to a decline in goodwill in 2021 following a series of acquisitions of the company’s prior business expansion.
The end-product ratio continued to rise, the capacity utilization from the recovery of the supersector was continuously repaired, corporate profitability continued upwards, and corporate net return profits increased by about 64 per cent in January-February 2022. nvh core leader, 2+3 strategic enablers, made a smooth transition to a platform.
The revolution of the \triangleright car: 10 years after the gold of electric intelligence, the company is the leader of the nvh industry, with high customer resources, and is expected to sustain steady growth from the cyclical resonance performance.
The upgrading of the supply chain will re-engineer the start-up while the company actively pursues the “2+3” strategy, with multiple advantages for long-term development and escort. The company has a large client base, with a high concentration of clients, based on high-quality customer resources, with the second half of the year of the automobile industry.
The start of the replenishment cycle will lead to higher corporate performance and will continue to grow. Companies build up to push the "2+3" product layout into a front-loaded, lightweight, front-looking, chassis plus heat management system plus car electronics, a leading company in integrated car parts and components.
In sub-products, companies continue to import products of smart driving systems, including electronic vacuum pumps, smart brake systems ibs, smart cabins, and other core car electronics. Companies are the country’s first successful zero-manufacturing enterprise with vp, and ibs have reached the iv generation, with the prospect of breaking the international technological monopoly in the auto electronics industry.
The company’s vp and ibs projects, which are expected to reach production in May 2022, are expected to open up new markets. The rare automobile parts platform, the pioneers, are expected to enjoy valuation premiums and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright failed to deliver expectations, priority client orders fell short of expectations, exchange rate risks, etc. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.