The company promotes the “2+3” industry layout (nvh detonation system, whole car acoustic suite + light-quantified chassis, heat management, smart driving system).
Products such as total heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, etc., have been successfully developed, while accelerating the total heat pumps to a maximum/minimum price of 2.052 weeks R & D; 2) multi-product flowering of motor electronics (ibs, eps, smart cabins, etc.); 3) lightly quantified chassis
System module products have been successfully cut into more than a dozen full-scale factories, including well-known domestic and foreign traditional car companies and global mainstream new energy vehicles, and have been ordered to produce volume orders, and the need for new orders is in the process of being released, and the company intends to expand the vehicle light-quantified chassis project, which is expected to be fully post-partum in 2025.
The capacity to produce 4.8 million light-quantified chassis system module products per year (1.6 million light-quantified side vehicles, 1.6 million light-quantified hang-off systems, 1.6 million light alloys transferred to festivals) will be achieved. 4) Air hangers will be laid, and the company ' s first air-continuing plant will be inaugurated in November 2021, covering an area of 100 acres a year.
Two million units, with half a million cars, are scheduled to start production in June 2022. The company has now achieved single air room (single cavity) technology, which is also multi-gas room (multi-cabling) technology, providing optimal comfort while ensuring the stability of the entire vehicle.
Continued client outreach, production and distribution are entering the harvest period. Performance can be expected in the future: 1) sustained breakthroughs in the Tesla product system (light and quantitative structure, interior and interior accessories, and heat management) and accelerated global release of Mode13/y; 2) cooperation model; 3) collaborative thermal management of related products with China; and 4) sustained domestic and foreign production.
Tupou Group - 601689 - 20203 Quarterly Review: Improved Māori Ring Ratio, Performance Table
Tupou Group - 601689-202101 Quarterly Review: Stocking of New Power Orders, Performance Holders. Sustained corporate performance benefits from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of productive capacity, and Core Vehicle Entrepreneurs. Tupou Group - 601689-2020 Report Review: Precision of Multi-Purpose Tracks, Growth
Household stock. Taking into account short-term impacts, such as a lack of core and price increases for raw materials, and the continuing medium- and long-term scale effects, figure 1: Corporate operating income and growth rate, figure 2: Company operating income and growth rate for the single quarter of the year
Figure 3: Net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 4: Single-quarter net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 6: Single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates of companies
Figure 5: Māori and net interest rates for companies Figure 7: R&D costs and cost rates Figure 8: Changes in the three rates
The company is a modular supplier of precision-based multi-producer tracks, with nvh at its head. The company’s forward-looking layout of automobiles (ibs, eps, smart cabin products, etc.), light-quantified chassis and heat management operations (heat management products such as pump air conditioning, electro-inflating valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas separators, etc.) have been successfully developed.
It's a modularized supplier with a precise location of multi-species tracks. On the basis of mature customers like Gilly, General, and others, depth is tied to new forces like Tesla, benefiting from “Tezra's significant operations + the continuous recovery of downstream demand”, with an average of 52 x per year over the long term. Consider the company's operations to be flowered more often, with a performance release period of product production with a modery.
One of the most resilient performance indicators of Tesla’s industrial chain. The company’s sustained growth benefits from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of capacity, as well as from the exposure of core car customers. Given short-term images such as the lack of core core cores and the increase in the price of raw materials, the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author