29 March 2022 Summary of events: 28 March 2022, the company issued a pre-performance announcement for the first quarter of 2022.
High performance highlights the vanity of the platform strategy \triangleright factor perturbations, corporate performance remains high, and we judge that the main reason for this is the platforming of corporate products.
Businesses such as light-quantified chassis, heat management, etc. for smart electric cars are growing strongly, contributing to high corporate performance. Line-based chassis-related shifts, brakes, air suspensions, etc. are moving ahead in an orderly manner, and are expected to sustain rapid growth.
The company's product structure has been restructured, the share of high-end products has continued to rise, the capacity utilization resulting from the recovery of the industry has continued to be repaired, the company's profitability has continued upwards, and the net return profits of 2022q1 have increased at a higher rate than in the previous year. nvh's core leader, the 2+3 strategic enabler, has made a smooth transition to the platform.
The company is the leading industry in the Nvh industry, with high customer resources, and is expected to continue to grow robustly as a result of the cyclical resonance performance. 2. Automobile Revolution I: Ten years of electric intelligence gold.
The company promotes the "2+3" platform strategy to protect and protect long-term development. The company has a large client base, and the supply chain upgrades re-engineer start, based on high-quality customer resources, with the auto industry entering a standstill period for the second half of the year and the start of the replenishment cycle.
The company actively promotes the layout of the "2+3" product, in the form of a front-page, light-quantified chassis plus heat management system plus car electronics, a leading company in integrated car parts and components. In the area of automobile electronics, companies continue to import intelligence.
Driving system products, including electronic vacuum pumps, smart brakes, ibs, smart cabins, etc., are core car electronics. Companies are the first successful parts and components of the country to produce vp. ibs products have also reached the iv generation and are expected to break the technological monopoly of the international giants.
High, the company ' s vp and ibs projects are expected to reach production by May 2022 and are expected to open up new markets. \triangleright ' s rare platform of auto parts and components chemical taps are expected to enjoy a valuation premium and maintain a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright failed to deliver expectations, priority client orders fell short of expectations, exchange rate risks, etc. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.