The performance of the Topper Group (601689.sh) in 202104 has continued to increase. The company disclosed a fast-track performance report of $11.44 billion in 2021, mainly due to the company's offer of goodwill for Sichuan Mygau, which was acquired in 2017.
zoujunhong@guosen.com.cn is expected to be affected by higher prices of raw materials. The expected high performance of the company is mainly due to the development of product lines, the concentration of customers in Tesla-dominated new energy vehicles, and the upturn in the value of single-car supplies.
Simulation effects and raw material adjustment mechanisms operate to cushion the price increases for raw materials. Modularized suppliers that customize multi-species tracks. Companies promote the “2+3” industrial layout (nvh decomposition system, whole car acoustic suite + light-quantified chassis, heat management, smart driving system).
Réseau has successfully developed products such as a total heat pump, electro-inflated valves, electronic water valves, while accelerating the development of a total heat pump of 2.0; multi-product flowering of automobile electrons (ibs, eps, smart cabins, etc.); and a tarpaulin air hanger, the company ' s first air hanger plant was inaugurated in November 2021, covering an area of 100 acres a year.
Two million units, with half a million cars, are scheduled to start production in June 2022. The company has now achieved single air room (single cavity) technology, which is also multi-gas room (multi-cabling) technology, providing optimal comfort while ensuring the stability of the entire vehicle.
(b) Top Group - 601689 - 202103 Quarterly Review: Māori Ring Improvement, Performance Table
Topper Group - 601689 - 2021: Mid-point evaluation: customer outreach, performance continuity cooperation model; 3) co-management of relevant products with China; 4) sustainable domestic and foreign production and energy distribution. Topper Group - 601689 - 202101: Quarterly evaluation: new power orders released, performance maintained
Tupou Group - 601689-2020: Precision of multi-grade track, growth Investment proposal: Tesla’s national production core target, maintaining an “uptake” rating
The company’s sustained growth performance has benefited from the decline in marginal costs associated with the release of productive capacity, as well as from the release of core clients. Given short-term effects such as a lack of core cores and higher prices for raw materials, and the continuing medium- and long-term scale effects, figure 2: Corporate operating income and growth in the single quarter
Figure 3: Net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 4: Single-quarter net corporate profits and rates of increase Figure 6: Single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates of companies
Figure 5: Māori and net interest rates for companies Figure 7: R&D costs and cost rates Figure 8: Changes in the three rates
The company is a modular supplier of precision-based multi-producer tracks, with nvh at its head. The company’s forward-looking layout of automobiles (ibs, eps, smart cabin products, etc.), light-quantified chassis and heat management operations (heat management products such as pump air conditioning, electro-inflating valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas separators, etc.) have been successfully developed.
It's a modular supplier with a precise location for multi-species tracks. On the basis of mature customers like Gilly, General, and others, depth is tied to new forces like Tesla, benefiting from “Tezra's significant operational exposure + the continuous upturn in downstream demand”, and long-term selection of Tesla's core suppliers as comparable companies,
Taking into account the fact that the company’s operations are more expensive and enter the performance release period with the volume production of Modery, which is one of the indicators of maximum performance elasticity in the Tesla chain, as well as the short-term effects of lack of cores and price increases for raw materials, and the continuing effects of medium- and long-term scale effects, adjustments are made to the company’s profit projections: the net return to the mother in 2022/2023
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject