Q1 performance forecast for 2022.
▪ Highlights of the bulletin: The company issued an advance notice on its performance for the first quarter of 2022, which is in line with our expectations, with a profit rate of 9.5 per cent to 10.2 per cent and an increase of 1.4 pct to 2.1 pct over q4; the completion of the non-mortality net sales strategy proceeded well. In January-February 2022, production was achieved in the company’s core t client countries.
123,000 vehicles, +154.7 per cent of the year, ring-0.2 per cent, with a significantly higher value of one-car raw materials purchased to other firms with a certain production cycle, and q1 raw materials purchased in q4 in 2021, resulting in an increase in the return of q1 to the parent profit ring.
Successfully, operations have developed rapidly, and operations such as light-quantified chassis for smart electric cars, heat management and so forth have grown strongly, the related switchboard systems for wire control chassis, brake systems, air suspensions have also developed well, and business has continued to grow at a rapid rate in terms of operating income and net profits.
▪ New projects for new products are moving forward, with integrated casting of successful production sites: 1) the company continues to promote the development and validation of the integrated heat pump system version 2.0; 2) the new generation of smart brake systems ibs-pro winter-marking experiments successfully passed through client acceptance, with the company expected to achieve volume production by 2022;
3) Airfloating is officially completed and will be ready for production in mid-2022; 4) The company, in conjunction with a high-compartment car, successfully achieved production in the 7200t integrated superpressurized rear module, which became the country's first high-volume production.
A supplier of parts and components for integrated aluminium alloys. With the continued domestic and foreign production capacity of Ding clients, q4 meets expectations, January-February performances rises, adding new customers such as Ford, Riveran, aito, and automobile electrons, air-scarsing, etc.
With the progressive release of products like integrated casting, it is expected that the company’s revenues and profits will continue to grow at a high rate, and that future performance will be further released.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Given the company’s new clients and projects, we are expected to spend gradually.
Topper Group three financial forecasts.