Corporate Review Report  Non-Bank Financial Industry Municipal Increased Stock Exchange Fund Underwriting Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
The incident company disclosed its financial report for the third quarter of 2022.
The company achieved gross operating income of $9,561 million, a decrease of 0.78 per cent from the previous three quarters, attributable to management costs of the company of $1,673 million, an increase of 28.45 per cent from the previous three quarters, representing an increase in gross operating income compared to an increase in the market share of the brokering business and an increase in the income from the investment business of the first three quarters of 2022.
The company’s share is expected to increase further in the first three quarters of 2022.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company realized income from its investment operations (return on investment plus income from fair change in value - a financial security replenishment of $160.05 billion to supplement its operating funds, the scale of its traded financial assets, subject to market fluctuations, and the loss of the share of the Fund ' s surrogate operations; and
Product restructuring and a decline in corporate fund sales revenue. Companies realized business income (mainly from financial e-commerce services) of 3,543 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, compared to the 30th of the year, with market net equity of 26,84 trillion yuan, up from the end of the previous year.
5.46 per cent; the net value of equity-type funds was $2.17 trillion, a decrease of 7.72 per cent from the end of the previous year. As of the end of the first half of 2022, the size of the NWF non-capital holdings stood at $6,69.5 billion, with an increase of RMB 1 billion, with an increase of 9.46 per cent, with a municipal increase of 8.01 per cent and an increase of 0.16 pt.
Investments suggest that the Internet service platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, has high access, stickyness, and customer advantage. Corporate securities are growing against the market, brokering markets are becoming more dominant, investment revenues are increasing, and fund sales are under short-term pressure.
In view of the prospects for corporate development, maintaining a “recommended” assessment in the context of company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, and presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.