Eastern Wealth (300059). Short-term pressure on business performance and long-term growth trends. - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Third Quarterly Report 2022.
Due to external factors such as the macro-environment, market climate and the short-term pressure on company performance, the net interest income for the first three quarters was $1,844 million, and the net revenue from fees and commissions was $4,174 million. The net return profit of $6,594 million was realized, an increase of 5.77 per cent over the same period.
• In the area of cash flows, as at the end of the three quarters, net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to 3896 million United States dollars.
Net cash flows resulting from the operation of the funds were increased on a year-on-year basis, net cash flows arising from investment activities were increased on a year-on-year basis, net cash flows arising from financing activities amounted to $109 million, SMS study -- Eastern wealth (300059.sz) in 2022 and a half
Annual Report Review: Growth in performance in line with expectations, accelerating the transformation of wealth management. Daily fund fund holdings are at the top of the market, with commissions contributing on a continuous basis. According to the statistics of the China Association of Securities and Investment Foundations, as of the end of September 2022, we raised funds.
The net value of the assets of the Fund is 26,59 trillion yuan and the number of funds is 1,0263.
The scale of the Fund ' s equity + mixed public fund is $50.78 billion, and the size of the non-monetary market public fund is $66.95 billion, the third largest in the institution.
Kim furthered the development of business innovation and differentiation, continuously improved user experience, professionalized and personalized service capabilities, further refined one-stop online self-associated financial services, with large fund holdings going to the army.
Companies are the scarcest Internet service platforms in the country, providing large-scale users with products and services based on Internet platforms. As China’s capital markets continue to grow healthy, the company will grow in the future.
Chang Yu Ting Risks of tightening financial regulation and policy regulations; risk of less developed asset management operations than expected. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.