Non-ferrous metals from the cobalt giants to the leadership of lithium electric materials in the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799)
• Incident: The company issued a non-public announcement on the evening of 22 May 2020 to raise funds of up to $6.25 billion, net of which will be used for the annual production of 45,000 tons of nickel metal for the high ice nickel project ($3 billion), the annual production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells for the three-dollar pre-drive material project ($1.3 billion),
At the same time, the company launched the first phase of its employee holding scheme to raise no more than $232 million for the full purchase of the non-public share, which is limited to 36 months: Chen Sheihua, the realist, proposed a total direct purchase of no more than $180 million.
Over the next three years, the company plans to upgrade its fully-funded pre-removable capacity to 150,000 tonnes/year, and the combined assets to 130,000 tonnes/year, the raw materials required for these pre-removements will be supplied mainly by the company, and the amount of nickel metal required will exceed 100,000 tonnes/year. The company is jointly building 450,000 tonnes of nickel per year in Indonesia.
The metal-rich high-ice nickel project, coupled with the amount of 60,000 tons of nickel metal from the Huaiwak project, will match the company ' s pre-triple drive capacity to secure the raw material supply system. tons of high-nose power cells will be used mainly for the production of high-end products and are planned for production.
The company plans to raise no more than $1.25 million. The company has a deep bond with downstream front clients based on future market demand.
Months: The realist Chen Sheihua is going to take no more than 180 million yuan for a limited period of 18 months. This underscores the firm confidence of the controller and the executive team in the company’s long-term high-speed growth.
With the completion of the nickel project, the volume of the company ' s lithium-electric trio and nickel-metal plates will exceed the current level of 1. The Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799): performance is expected to be more diversified, with no cobalt-plate, and the company ' s business structure will be more diversified, with steady annual growth expected.
The industrial leader created an all-industry competitive advantage of 37 times, 29 times and 25 times, respectively, maintaining a “holding” rating.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.