Resource and Environmental Research Centre with coded lithium nickel electric materials, supply chain of capile tapers 45,000 tons of nickel metal in high ice nickel, annual production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells in three-dollar pre-drive materials
The material project, the construction of the HQ HQ HQ and the replenishment of liquidity: the tons of high-ice nickel project, with a company with a long-term capacity of 105,000 tons of nickel in raw materials; and the smelting end, the new 30,000 tons of battery-grade nickel project in HQ, based on the already existing 10,000 tons of capacity, which will be implemented by China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In the next three years, it is planned that the company will have full/jointly owned 15.13 million tons of production capacity, requiring more than 100,000 tons of nickel metal. If the high-ice nickel project is successfully put into operation, it will significantly improve the steady supply of nickel resources and reduce the impact of volatile prices of raw materials on profitability.
Cobalt taps are well-established, while the raw material layout of the company’s nickel-high lithium electric material is further expanded.
55,000 tonnes of capacity, 450,000 tonnes of excavated capacity prior to joint venture with lig chemistry and posco, major product 3. Deep layout triomaterials, integrated industrial chain of ncm5 and 6 systems, have entered lig chemical, sk, catl, Biadi, etc., into the global head drive.
The core industrial chain of the battery manufacturer. This fund-raising project, which produces 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year, produces eight or more high-end products, of which 25 million are ncm, 1.25 million are ncm, and 1.25 million are ncma.
It is expected to build further on the five- and six-strengths of the chain of supply for downstream taps. In addition, the company plans to invest $350 million in a research institute to achieve a full lead in low-cost green smelting, tri-dollar pre-drive, lithium-electric positive materials from resource recycling to the use of whole-chain technologies.
Issued to include the employee holding scheme, which binds the core workforce and corporate interests in depth.
In our view, the core members are deeply bound to the interests of the company, which is conducive to improving team stability and stimulating business.
At the same time, longer lifetimes underscore management’s confidence in the company’s long-term rapid growth. Dingsto provides the risk of a change in policy and inventory, among other things: the risk of an epidemic’s impact exceeding expectations.
Figure 3: Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the company ' s nickel resources market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment