The company expects to realize a net return of between $170 million and $120 million in the first quarter of 2020 and a non-net return of between $120 million and $150 million in the first quarter of 2020;
201901 Realizing a net return to the mother of $12.363 million. Performance: increase in Māori ratio of major products + increase in sales and significant increase in profits \triangleright
The significant increase in corporate performance in the same year was mainly due to the impact of the 201,801 asset impairment losses and a small decline in the main dollar/pound margin of 202001, while the increase in the Maori rate for cobalt products was mainly due to the cost of purchasing during the downtime of the cobalt price of 2019q3-q4 Copper: the 30,000 tons of copper in Rukuni in Africa has been completed (the average copper grade in the Rukuni mine was 2.34 per cent higher than the average of 2.34 per cent).
In the second half of 2019, the unit, compared with the trend of Xiaohai 300, was integrated into the consolidated statement, and the joint venture, the 5,000-ton phase of the Chinese-huapur project, went into commissioning in November 2019.
Industry: The epidemic affects short-term demand, looking at successive improvements in domestic and foreign demand, and the supply impact still needs attention to the short-term impact of the epidemic on demand, and does not change the global electric trend.
29.1%, with the extension of the domestic policy of favourable access to new energy vehicles, the willingness to buy new ones has remained stable. Overseas: in March, the overall volume of motor vehicles in Europe declined, but penetration rates in French, Italian, German and Western pure electric cars have continued to rise, and the global trend of electricization and acceleration has remained unchanged. Domestic demand is expected to rebound first q2 and demand abroad q3 has recovered gradually, with 3c+ new energy requirements throughout the year.
There is also a need to focus on the impact of the outbreak in Africa on mining in countries such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The company’s performance in 2020 will improve significantly with the migration of the cobalt price hub, the release of copper, and the release of the three-dollar pre-mobilization capacity.
The impact of the continuing spread of the epidemic on 3c, new energy demand, and the increase in cobalt prices are not as high as expected.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.