RESEARCH publishes a 1q20 quarterly report, which yields 4,424 million yuan, i.e. 0.53 per cent for the same year and 8.5 per cent for the ring; and a net profit of 184 million yuan for the mother, i.e. + 1385 per cent for the same year and + 585 per cent for the ring, which is consistent with previous performance forecasts.
The Māori improvement led to a significant increase in performance. 1) Higher end-of-product and copper-cobalt increase in performance. The company ' s net profit of 1q20 was $132 million, compared to 693%, ring + 438, recording a combined Māori rate of 13.7%, compared to +1.7pt, ring +2.0pt.
The reason for this is that the business strategy of high-end corporate products, industrial integration and the increase in the Māori ratio of copper and cobalt products have yielded good results. (2) Why has the Māori ratio of companies increased in the context of the decline in the market price of copper and cobalt? The average price for a quarter of the low grade of cobalt is $16.77/lb, corresponding to 9.57 per cent, and the ring to 0.77 per cent;
1. " The decline in cobalt prices has dragged performance and the three-dollar layout has re-emerged, and the increase in the Maori rate of cobalt products has been linked to the company ' s loss of 70,068 million assets in the context of the decline in prices, while the increase in the Maori rate of copper products has been mainly due to the company ' s increase of 30,000 tons of electric copper. "
2. " Deep layout trio material, integration of industrial chains and increased self-sufficiency of copper mines, we expect companies to buy less from their mining costs than from out-of-country ores. " Epidemics or shortages of cobalt raw materials, and policy pluses are expected to heat the demand for electric vehicles. " 1) Epidemics or guides.
Cobalt Price Frustration has affected performance and industry chain layouts have led to shortages in the supply of cobalt raw materials. South Africa extended the “sealing country” measure until the end of April to take into account that about 80 per cent of the cobalt raw materials in Africa are transported downstream through the port of Durban, South Africa, while the cobalt fields currently stored in smelters, at sea and in taxed areas
4. " Merger and purchase of Bamo and Huatamong States, accelerated deployment of full-scale materials is available until the end of May, thus starting in June or facing a shortage of cobalt raw materials. " 2) The volume of electric cars sold increased in March. According to the China-China Air Association, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in 1q20 in the country was 10.5.114,000, respectively.
The State Department announced in late March a two-year extension of the new energy vehicle purchase subsidy and the exemption from vehicle purchase tax, while several governments, such as Guangzhou, introduced policies to encourage the purchase of electric vehicles. Policies continued to add code.
Cobalt prices are expected to rise gradually. The current domestic electricity and cobalt price is 246,000 yuan per ton, which has already cost most of the small and medium mines and hand-held mines in cash. At the same time, the latest intermediate price is about $10/lb.
The plant’s profits are already very modest, and cobalt prices continue to fall in space or are more limited. As the supply of cobalt raw materials may be in short supply, demand is expected to improve in the context of policy additions, and cobalt prices will gradually rise.
Dinsto, the risk of supply exceeding expectations; the risk of changes in policy and inventory, etc.; the risk of epidemic impacts exceeding expectations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment