The company announced on the evening of May 22, a non-public distribution of a cobalt stock plan for 2020, with no more than 342 million shares to be released.
One hundred million yuan, the China Friends Headquarters Institute project (300 million yuan) and the replenishment of liquidity (1.65 billion yuan).
The company's real owners and employees are planning to participate in this increase. 1) The first employee holding scheme raised $232 million, with no more than 400 employees, with a combined subscription rate of no more than 50.43 per cent and a 36-month release period.
2%. The release period is 18 months. (The release period for other specified objects is 6 months) Lock high nickel direction and re-create the whole chain of lithium electric materials \triangleright
The 45,000 tonnes of vulcanized nickel project and the original construction in Indonesia of the Redsco nickel wetting project constitute the front and back end of the industrial chain, i.e., ncma. The company had previously jointly built a 45,000 tons pre-drive project with lig chemistry and posco, and this sub-high nickel project will further enhance the supply capacity of high nickel products. ncm high nickel routes are still future batteries.
Mainstream trends, companies are expected to rely on the project to achieve a full industry-wide layout of the three-dimensional material in the high nickel system. Supply-demand balance continues, cobalt-free battery impacts are phased out, cobalt prices are expected to move upward demand: the upward trend in single-line power levels remains unchanged, demand recovery at end 3c is expected, and demand for new energy at endq3 is expected to start.
In 2020, there was a small excess of industry, the supply and demand pattern of the shortfall in 2021 remained the same, and cobalt prices were expected to get out of the bottom. According to Tesla’s existing storage technology, the importance of cobalt was declining, but its technological path was temporarily unable to separate from the cobalt element, and Tesla battery days introduced cobalt-free batteries.
Less likely, cobalt-free battery emotional suppression is expected to be repaired after Tesla. 1. A quarterly report on the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799) provides an overview of the improved performance and increased profitability of the entire product.
2. Yearly assessment of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799): the impact of the continued spread of the epidemic on 3c, new energy demand, and the unanticipated increase in cobalt prices.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.