The country's semiconductor equipment is the most fully deployed, promising scenario.
• There is a clear convergence of corporate business advantages and industry upswings, covering for the first time an “enhancement” rating of the company as the lead company in the country for general semiconductor equipment, with full product coverage, wide market space, its own technology, and its strong potential to benefit from a resurgence in the semiconductor equipment industry and a trend towards national substitution.
• The market for semiconductor equipment is wide, domestic substitution offers opportunities for development The position of semiconductor specialized equipment in the semiconductor industrial chain is critical, and technological advances in the integrated circuit manufacturing process will drive semiconductor specialized equipment enterprises to pursue technological innovations and continuously invest more.
The industry is growing steadily, while the semiconductor industry chain is shifting toward mainland China, and the Chinese semiconductor equipment market is growing rapidly. The rate of domestic substitution for semiconductor equipment is still low, but domestic equipment manufacturers have cut into multiple processes and have a share of the market, and future national production of alternative space is larger.
Technology drivers and policies support the further development of semiconductor equipment. The technical barriers to semiconductor-specific equipment and the difficulty of certification by customers make it clear that semiconductor equipment patterns have a positive effect in favour of industry leaders such as the North China.
• The competitive advantage of the company's semiconductor equipment is evident, and the prospects for a diversified layout are promising
The company is expected to benefit from the expansion of its capacity by binding Lungi shares in vacuum equipment. The company’s new energy sources are expected to be driven by the growth in production of new energy vehicles, while increasing the competitiveness of its sophisticated components, the city.
The field share is expected to increase continuously and the outlook is promising.1 The product cover full semiconductor equipment taps with steady growth in performance 1.1, domestic semiconductor equipment taps with product lines covering four broad semiconductor areas
The company was founded in 2001 as a military-industrial priority project dating back to the National Five-Year Project, and in 2015 the seven-star electronic and northern microelectronics strategy was reorganized into the North China Initiative.
The four main general semiconductor areas of photovoltaics, led and panels, as well as vacuum equipment and new energy equipment for lithium electricity, precision components containing military and civilian electronic components such as resists, capacitors, transistors, modular power sources, have now become the leading equipment enterprise with the most comprehensive semiconductor equipment coverage in the country.
Figure 1: Military-industrial priority projects built by the company's predecessor, dating back to the national “five” period, Figure 2: Full coverage of company products