North China Innovation: Autonomous Innovation Based and Platform Wings - Semiconductor Equipment Insight Study Series I Huaan Research — Expanding Investment Values
We believe that one of the most central elements of investment in North China is to capture the historic opportunity that the transfer of plant capacity and the domestic production of storage units offer for domestic semiconductor equipment. China’s international return plate is re-launching for the domestic chip.
Industry creates the "ecological position" of the carrier level. The uncertainty of global trade friction remains unresolved, with high-quality design corporate orders flowing back into the manufacturing end process and rapid upgrading, while providing a “test field” for the autonomous innovation of national production equipment towards the new steps. The Yangtze Storage Base II began work, with a 3000k/m production planning period in 2021/223 and the Fertilizer Long Deram project is expected to accelerate production, and the development of the semiconductor equipment industry in the country is approaching gold.
2 Focuses on corporate platform layout strategies, strong shareholder backgrounds, industrial resources, and broad growth space. Recaution of the global semiconductor equipment tap amat.o, a field of active semiconductor layout since the collapse of the Internet bubble in 2000, smooths the risks of business fluctuations associated with a single semiconductor operation through “platformization” and succeeds in addressing the overstretch, with the city holding the highest position in the world for 20 consecutive years, reflecting the vast potential for future growth in North China.
The central logic of semiconductor investment is “national production substitution”, the “accompaniment” between semiconductor equipment industry development and downstream manufacturing, and the current stage of development in the country is relatively late compared to the 1c design of light assets. But semiconductor equipment has very strong industrial barriers, which we believe are more profitable than profit-oriented, and focus on growth in its income side reflects the process of national production substitution and its relationship with downstream crystalry mills.
The core business semiconductor equipment is the backbone of the semiconductor industrial chain.
The global semiconductor equipment tap amat, mapping the company's vast growth space, downstream capacity transfer and policy support, national production replacements are imperative, wind-tightening, dilution of valuations, and long-term corporate development.
Huaanan Research, Expanding Investment Values, Domestic High-end Electronics Equipment and Huaan Research, Expanding Investment Values
• 1.1 National high-end electronic equipment lead enterprise, with four lines of operations developed in collaboration
Affiliated to North China Microelectronics Ltd. (“North Microelectronic”), vacuum equipment and lithium electrical equipment operations belong to North China Vacuum Technology, Beijing