Non-Golden financial securities: First coverage: solid revenue operations are well under way, rising capital drives performance. Shareholders have a strong background and a strong full license. The first bond is owned by a start-up group.
Small- and medium-sized coupons, real control of the Beijing National Finance Committee, shareholders, and companies based on Beijing radiation throughout the country. The management team is well established and stable, experienced in the industry, and is conducive to the long-term development of the company.
A forward-looking layout of operations, with a negative growth in scale. The company’s early placement, with its proactive management, has accumulated a wealth of net-value management experience, provided a good basis for the rapid growth of its asset management operations and captured the business development window period brought about by regulatory policy adjustments.
In the context of the continued shrinking size of management, growth has been reversed by strengthening investment and research teams, improving marketing channels, and focusing on business development, with revenue and return rates stable.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) and sound investment style, strengthened investment team-building, with a strong self-investment and research capacity, total market value/flow (millions)
This is an important support for the performance of the company. The securities industry is “directed down” and settlement provisions are made.
Down-scale gold to release liquidity -- first-ever equity: first-time coverage: solid revenue operations, rise-driven performance, strong country capital background, fast-growing performance
(i) The shareholder background is strong, the position is clear, the first securities system was created in September 2020 with a limited number of changes and was listed in December 2022a as the 42nd listed securities company. The first was established in February 2000 as the first broker and changed its name in January 2004.
The incumbent is the Beijing State Finance Committee, with strong shareholders. The group currently owns 56.77% of the total equity of the first-ever securities, and is the controlling shareholder of the first-ever securities. Second, the three major players, the Tokyo Investment Corporation (17.31%) and the Kyoto Energy Group (8.31%), are the government-owned holdings of the Beijing City Finance Committee, so the first-ever portfolio is the Beijing National Finance Committee.
Beijing is one of the most economically active and economically advanced cities with one of the highest per capita disposable incomes in the country, and in 2022 the city achieved a gross output of $4.16 trillion.
In addition, Beijing, the capital of the country, is the National Financial Management Centre, the headquarters of the country’s financial enterprises and the location of key financial infrastructure, with a large number of financial institutions and listed companies, to facilitate the economy of financial services entities.
The stock exchange, which creates the main platform for investment in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in entrepreneurship and equity, provides more business opportunities for bond dealers. The North Kyoto region has a strong demand for treasury, capital management and investment in order to operate in a company. (ii) The management team is stable and corporate governance is well developed.
The management team is mature, stable, and experienced. The chairman of the company, Su Dynasty, was the head of the China Gold Group Office (party committee office), the head of the office (party committee office, legal affairs department), the manager of the Ministry of Legal Affairs, and the general legal adviser: the head of the founding group.