The three-quarterly performance forecast meets expectations, and the long-term logic remains positive to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) Events: Companies issue performance forecasts for the first three quarters of 2018.
The net profit in the east ranged from $465 million to $501 million, an increase of 268 to 297 per cent from the previous year. The sum of real profits in Suzhou was approximately $535 million to $654 million, of which about 184 million to 224 million in the third quarter. 100g products continued to grow in volume, 400g products in small quantities, contributing to steady growth.
At the performance level, the third quarter continued to strengthen the market advantage by consolidating North American and domestic customer shares, 100g orders continued to grow at a high rate, and 400g products were delivered in small quantities. In the second half of the year, corporate performance remained strong.
At the level of the corporate consolidated statements, the excess performance reward, the amortization of the asset assessment, equity incentives, and the combined net profits of the company during the reporting period were reduced by about $180 million in one quarter and $210 million in two quarters.
11,236,000 yuan, or $465 million to $501 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. • Increased cost-cutting efficiency controls, which are expected to increase continuously as high-end products are delivered and the renminbi devalues.
The combination of efficiency gains, such as tariffs, with the devaluation of the renminbi, has had an impact on the decline in product prices in the second half of the year, with a rise in the q3 Māori ring ratio. With 400g products growing in volume, it is expected that the future will give further impetus to a more rational view of silicon light by gross energy, with 100g still dominated by traditional technologies and a more traditional pattern of technology.
The 100g free optical program has evolved over the years, and the cost and rate of control have reached a very high level of water level, which basically meets the pace of price reductions for customers. In the 400g era, the silicon light program, especially 500 m, has a certain advantage, and the silicon light layout is mainly 400g.
The 400g silicon light program is not yet mature, and the company will start with the 400g product next year. With silicon light on a billion-dollar tariff list, the light module product will not be taxed, and the market fears will be eliminated. In the digital market, the need for large North American customers to buy is clear in 19 and 100g products are expected to grow steadily.
On the domestic market, companies have a large share of the country’s major customers. Meanwhile, in the 5g market, where orders from important customers have broken, the 5g market order is expected to be an important contribution to the company’s performance.
Given that companies are leading the domestic market for high-end light modules and leading the 5g wireless market, they are expected to continue to be ahead of 400g, and we believe that the future performance of companies is expected to continue to grow high. North American markets are expected to have less than expected, less than expected, less than expected, 5g market expansion, and competition for light module products.
Confidence, the company’s long-term logic remains good. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.