Center for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services (CITE) Intermediary (30038.sz) from outbreak to qualitative and sustainable growth
On October 29, Midsummit issued a three-quarter bulletin. In 2018, it achieved business income of 1,377 million, an increase of 28.85 per cent compared to 28,85 per cent; in the third quarter of 2018, the net return to the mother was $165 million, an increase of 34.52 per cent compared to the previous quarter. In the first three quarters of 2018, it was $4,203 million, an increase of 268,84 per cent compared to the previous quarter; and in the third quarter of 2018, the net profit to the mother was $481 million, an increase compared to the previous year.
During the reporting period, the company’s core experienced a shift to a smooth and high-speed growth phase, with a doubling of annual crop growth. Promotion of corporate hair through a variety of efficiency measures such as higher levels of automation of production, continuous optimization of process control, and control of upstream material costs
A 6% decline in the same year, and a 39% decline in the same year’s financial costs of $12.66 million. At the same time, increased R & D investment is being made.
The market for 400g and 5g light modules is the biggest view of the light communications market in the next two years, with companies leading the way. During the reporting period, the company focused on 400g products, which were delivered in small quantities, and 400g light module layouts, which are the world’s leading.
The company’s 5g light module product is progressing well and has passed certification tests for all mainstream equipment providers, such as Hua, Naking, and Tang. The 5g commercial is about 40 billion dollars in the telecommunications light module, which is expected to generate more than 6 billion new revenues.
With the recent U.S. government export codes for the light module, the company’s light module product will not be subject to a $200 billion tariff charge. With the elimination of the impact of the trade friction between the US and China, investors may be able to create a light model for silicon products.
According to industrial chain research, silicon light products have yet to grow in maturity and quality, and do not pose a significant market share threat to scavenging in the short term. In terms of cost, the size of the market for light modules is difficult to achieve the scale of the cios process, and in the short term, the silicon light modules are relatively separate.
The light module does not show a clear cost advantage. At present, we maintain a profit forecast for companies, which are expected to achieve net profits by 2018-2020, respectively, as a result of trade frictions between Central America and the United States: higher competition leads to higher prices than expected: 400g light module commercial progress is lower
Expected: icp capital expenditure below expectations: company silicon light product R & D progress below expectations.