Performance meets expectations, and long-term logic continues to sum up the performance of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre: the company released its three-quarterly report in 2018.
This represents an increase of 268.8 per cent, a net return of 480 million yuan, a 281.2 per cent increase, a net profit of 490 million yuan, a 301.8 per cent increase in the same year, a revenue of 1.38 billion yuan in the third quarter and a 45.6 per cent increase in the same year.
Some $594 million before equity incentives, of which about 204 million in the third quarter. A steady growth in performance, a steady increase in the volume of 100 g products, a small volume of 400 g products, and a robust growth in performance.
The firm’s performance remains strong, with a strong market advantage, the consolidation of North America’s and domestic customer share, the continued high growth of 100g orders, and 400g small-volume output. The net single profit achieved in the first three quarters (before equity incentives) was approximately $594 million, of which about 204 million (first and second quarters of 18 years) was achieved in the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter of the year, we expect to grow by the same year. At the corporate level, overperformance awards, asset valuations, amortization, equity incentives, and a combined net profit reduction of about 112.36 million dollars.
• Strengthening cost-cutting efficiency controls, which are expected to increase continuously as high-end products are delivered and the impact of the devaluation of the renminbi is added. Companies use positive instruments to reduce efficiency gains, such as bom costs, lower inventories, and raise the rate control rate, adding the renminbi to the devaluation, thus fracturing the fall in product prices in the second half of the year.
The traditional 100-g liberal optical program has evolved over the years, and costs and rates of control have reached extremely high levels of water.
In the 400g era, the silicon light program, especially 500 m, has a certain advantage, with the middle-sized silicon light layout mainly located at 400g. Because of the industry as a whole, the 400g silicon light program is not yet mature, and the company's 400g product will start with the traditional program next year.
The silicon light program has matured and will be followed by the silicon light program. The autonomous silicon light development is now going well, and the products in question are expected to be taxed and the market fears will be eliminated, subject to a tariff list of hundreds of millions. In the digital market, the procurement needs of the major North American clients were clear in 19 and 100g products are expected to grow steadily.
On the domestic market, companies have a large share of the country’s major customers. Meanwhile, in the 5g market, where orders from important customers have broken, the 5g market order is expected to be an important contribution to the company’s performance.
Given that companies are leading the domestic market for high-end light modules and leading the 5g wireless market, they are expected to continue to be ahead of 400g, and we believe that the future performance of companies is expected to continue to grow high. North American markets are expected to have less than expected, less than expected, less than expected, 5g market expansion, and competition for light module products.
1. Midlife Cream (300308): Three-quarters report performance forecasts match expectations, long-term logic remains good confidence, long-term corporate logic remains good
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.