China's BioPharmacists are approaching!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Biosimilar: The product line is currently fully configured to cover the whole range of products, through differentiated clinical approaches, leading the country, and the core product is being harvested immediately.
Valued at RMB 4.6-6.5 billion; Curtobi-like, second highest in the country in the clinical iii period for breast cancer adaptive disorders; pre-clinical value for stomach cancer adaptive disorders, 4.4-6.5 billion; Adami antibiotic, which is the most advanced in the clinical phase for silver chip adaptive ailments ii; and Rapin.
Innovative biopharmaceuticals: structural optimization of different products and autonomous knowledge of new targets for research and development
1. " Ledols " , " Biopharmaceutical taps " , a clinical lead for target products such as egfr, vegfr2, pd-1, pd-l1, developed and developed with great strength and continued clinical progress.
“Assiplan, through the Consistency Evaluation, is expected Quantitative valuation: based on the National Gold “5d3s” drug assessment model, we believe that the current value of post-clinical products is RMB 16-22 billion, regardless of the use of the product's hypercomfort disorder.
The value of the company will continue to grow as a result of the clinical advancement of the product.
With lower R & D costs, lower production costs and higher clinical success rates, HONG HANG Hsien Hsien Hsien Hsien Hospital was purchased to provide high-quality, high-cost biopharmaceuticals, as well as products with autonomous intellectual property rights and internationalization
A bed, a combination of product therapy and access to international markets, and a combination of barriers to companies. Restar medicine: an innovatively driven combination of medical groups!
Pharmacy, we believe that the future re-hunting has created a synergy between sales after the product has been marketed, the interface of commercial health insurance, the construction of production bases and overseas registrations, and the creation of Chinese re-star medicine as a shareholder in the re-hunting stock, and we expect that the company will return to its mother-in-law in 18-20, respectively.
Wang Jianye, Hong Han-hwan: China's biopharmacous, the core product is coming!
In December of that year, a joint venture was formed to develop and industrialize monoclonal antibody-like drugs, bioimproved drugs, and innovative mono-resistances, using cutting-edge technologies, covering neoplasms and self-free diseases.
Current research and development in the regenerate area includes different directions such as biosimilar, biobetter, and novelmab. It is also expanding the combination therapy based on existing products, such as pd1+egfr/vegf: developing innovative dual resistance.
The main targets are cd20/her2/tnf alpha/vegf/egfr, among others.
Clinical period for breast cancer adaptation: hlx03 clinical period for silver-drying: hlx04 needles for transient rectal cancer: other in clinical hysteria or pre-clinical development. bio-better: current clinical period of hlx07 for egfr target.
▪ Innovative monolithic: There are currently eight products in pre-clinical and clinical development, including pd-1/pd-l1 products for full-line immunotherapy. Biosimilar: Differential Clinical Strategies, Country Lead, Core Products Harvesting!
Retrohanium: Biosimilar covers all first-line core products, with differentiated clinical strategies in the forefront. Currently there are seven different products for cd20, her2, tnfa, vegf, egfr, vegfr2, etc., for a total of 13 different adaptations.
The disease is the first in the country to be produced for the target of cd20, which is the first in the country to be produced. The curvature of the target of her 2 is the first in the country to be treated for the clinical iii of the antibiotic. The antibiotic solution for the target of tnf alpha is adapted for the silvid disease.
The clinical iii period is the highest in the country; the vegf target for the vegf bellow uniform antibiotic drug is in progress for the transferary rectal cancer clinical iii. hlx01: lytosque antibiotic similar drug for dlbcl is submitted for listing.
hlx01 is the first monoclonal antibody project developed by Quantico, a common name: Reassembly human rats embedded in anticd20 clone antibody injection fluids (Ledochtov monolith).
The country’s fda is the first single-clon antibody drug to treat cancer. The Hlx01 is China’s first single antibiotic similar drug approved for clinical trials based on biologically similar drugs, and the country’s first registered application for a single antibiotic similar drug.
The following four adaptations have been approved:
Non-Hotchkin lymphoma (nhl) 2) Chronic lymphocyte leukaemia (cl) 3) rheumatism (ra)
4. Sphinx swollen arthritis (gpa) (wegener swollen meat) and microvascular inflammation (mpa) Chronic lymphocyte leukemia (cll) rheumatism (ra)
The sale of bruising polyvascular inflammation (gpa) and microvascular inflammation (mpa) has been increasing due to good clinical effects and increasing adaptive conditions.
By 2017, the sales volume of the LSD stood at 7,388 million Swiss francs, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the same period, with a sales value of 5,832 million Swiss francs, an increase of 0.15 per cent over the same period, and a sales value of 1,556 million Swiss francs, an increase of 5.35 per cent over the same period.
Figure 5: Sales of Litoque anti-cancer monocreatic anti-cancer varieties in 2000 were imported into China for sale under the name Merohua, with non-Ho Chikin lymphoma (nhl). Non-Hotch Kim lympa is currently used mainly for cd20 positive filters.
In terms of health care, after the market, the Litos had entered only in the provinces of Shandong, Heilongjiang, Gansu, etc. Although clinically it was a first-line drug for treatment, higher prices limited production.
In 2017, Litor had resisted entering the country’s health insurance category B through national health-care negotiations, with prices falling by 48.3 per cent.
Eight provinces have adopted a policy of non-pharmaceutical coverage of negotiating catalogue products, which, in the current environment, are expected to exceed market expectations and accelerate their use.
In terms of tenders: According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, based on 100 mg/10ml, the winning price for the previous round was $2834.17, down 22.50 per cent from the previous round of $3657.14, and the overall price pressure was higher. In terms of the winning provinces, it was shorter than in the previous round.
At this point, the market size change factor is less than 1 and the price reduction affects more than the new winning province.
Rhodes Pharmaceuticals 3, untargeted species for the last round, short-term trends, not shown in the graphs, shows that sales have remained steady against sales this year, from 965 million in 2013.
In March 2014, high-quality research on the Hlx01 project product was recognized by cde, and a large number of clinically nhl adaptive materials (i.e. approved in clinical i, ii, iii) were approved.
This is the first single antibiotic similar drug in China to be approved for clinical trials based on biologically similar drugs. - In March 2015, clinical trials were officially launched during the iii phase of hlx01nhl adaptation.
In January 2018, Haruhan Hlx01 was included in the priority review process as a major specialized drug, while HHlx01 products applied for nhl adaptive, a clinical application for arthritis (ra) atrophy was submitted to cde, and a clinical release was obtained in April 2015.
In the second half of 2018, the beds are expected to enter the clinical iii.
Figure 12: Development progress on Hlx01 in Hong Kong Clinical competition pattern  In terms of clinical progress, Sino-China resistance cd20 were withdrawn due to clinical data regulation issues
Back in time, he declared production of dlbcl for the first time in the country, and Katsuya cells and Xin for the third time in the clinical phase, which was more advanced. At the same time, he became the first in the country.
• China adds more than 40,000 non-Hoochkin lymphoma patients each year, but due to the high cost of the original drugs, only 20% of the patients are estimated to have access to the anti-cd20 target treatment by reference to the end-sale.
According to data published in China's Annual Register of Oncology, the incidence of malignant lymphoma from 2003 to 2013 is around 10 of the most common tumours in the country.
5.10 million. According to the most recent version of the Acticsinchina, 2015, the number of people is 2009 - 1, of whom 53,000 are men and 35,200 are women. The lymphoma can be divided by tissue pathology into Hodgkin lymphoma (hl) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (nhl), of which hymphoma accounts for lymphoma.
The lymphoma (dlbcl) is the most common type of nhl, accounting for 30 to 40 per cent of the adult population in the West, generally more than 40 per cent in Asian countries and about 35 per cent in our country.
In 2011, an analysis of a sample of 1002 cases, conducted jointly by 24 centres, showed that dlbdl accounted for 45.8% of all nhl and 40.1% of all lymphoma in China.
Filtered lymphoma (fl) is the most common inert lymphoma in the European and American regions, accounting for about 20-30 per cent of the incidence of nhl, with low prevalence in Asia, including China, at less than 10 per cent of nhl and a median morbidity age of 60.
According to the Chinese Guide to Diagnosis and Treatment of Diagnoses and Diagnoses of Diagnoses and Treatment of Diagnoses with Massive B Cells (2013 Edition), the clinically recommended first-line treatment programme for dlbcl is 6-8 sessions of r-chop21 (Litosha monoanti+cyclophosphamide+amino+amodone+Phenisone); according to the Chinese Diagnosis of Malignant lymphoma
The standard first-line treatment programme for fl (2015 edition), which is a barter anti-combined chemotherapy programme, has a variety of options, and none of them has been proven to significantly prolong the patient’s total life (os).
cll/sll: Chronic lymphocytes leukemia/Little lymphocytes lymphoma; fl: leachate lymphoma; dlbcl: hyperplastic large b cell lymphoma; lbl: lymphoma; ptcl: outer lymphoma: enkl: outer nk/t cell lymphoma nasal type; ed: based on a litol-resistance note, the dose of hymnl was 375 mg/m2 for an adult level.
The average surface area is 1.5 ~ 2 m2 and the dose used for one treatment is 563 ~ 750 mg, i.e., 100 mg/10ml/bottle 6 ~ 8 units per batch, taking into account the latest negotiated price for health insurance, and the cost of one treatment course is 15,000 ~ 20,000 yuan. The total cost of six treatment sessions for one patient is 9 to 120,000.
irra adaptive: Clinically, the Ledochrome is used to treat moderate-to-heavy irritated arthritis in adults with inadequate response to one or more of the tnf antagonists. Ledochrome is easier to use than traditional tnfa target products.
In China, the price advantage (two needles per six months) is more appropriate to the situation in China than the Adawood monopolistic resistance, and the market space is large.
▪ Core variables and assumptions:  Pricing: initial pricing was reduced by 9% and adjusted every two years;  product penetration peak: 60% lymphoma: 2% rheumatological arthritis.
▪ For the time being, the use of hyperadaptive disorders for non-approved adaptive disorders is not considered. City ratio: final import substitution, and the highest rate of local production, thanks to lead time and sales.
According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, we expect a single anti-similar drug peak of 1.8 billion yuan yuan and a corresponding dcf valuation of 4.6 billion yuan. Scenario two: optimistic product penetration rate
▪ Core variables and assumptions:  Pricing: initial pricing was reduced by 9% and adjusted every two years;  product penetration peak: 80% lymphoma adaptive disorder; 3% rheumatism arthritis.
▪ For the time being, the use of hyperadaptive disorders for non-approved adaptive disorders is not considered. City ratio: final import substitution, and the highest rate of local production, thanks to lead time and sales.
According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, we expect the anti-similar drug peak to be 2.6 billion RMB and the corresponding dcf to be valued at 6.5 billion RMB.
80 per cent, with a peak penetration rate of 2-3 per cent for rheumatological arthritis products, and with a leading clinical advantage, after listing, import substitution and the highest share of the country's municipalities, with a projected sales value of 1.4 to 1.8 billion yuan in the Dotsaw anti-peak sales, according to the national gold 5d3s drug assessment model.
The corresponding value of dcf is RMB 4.6-6.5 billion. hlx02: Curvatureballs are resistant to biological analogues. The country is ranked second in the clinical period for breast cancer adaptive disorders, with a quantitative value of $4.4-6.5 billion before the clinical phase for stomach adaptive cancer.
hlx02 is the second monoclonal antibodies project developed by the U.S.H. with a generic name: Injection with recombinant anti-her2 human source monoclon antibodies (Caltoduldone mono-antibodies resistance).
Her 2 grams of transient breast cancer and early breast cancer, approved for use with chemotherapy drugs, treat breast cancer.
2) Transferred stomach cancer or gastrointestinal confectional cancers, due to good clinical effects and increasing adaptive conditions, the sale of curly beads has been on the rise, reaching 7,014 million Swiss francs as of 2017, an increase of 3.42 per cent.
In 2011-2017, the cagr was 4.2% and the overall sales were relatively robust. Both the mg/bottle and the 150 mg/bottle were designed to be frozen dry powder. The approved adaptive condition was transient breast cancer, expressed in her2 overuse.
In terms of health care, the Curtods policy was put on the market only in the 2009 edition of the Guangxi Health Insurance, entered the negotiation list through the State Health Insurance Negotiations in 2017, then entered the National Health Insurance List at a cost of $7,600, compared to a 64.8 per cent decline in the previous national minimum price.
The Dowdling Card has solved the past lack of health coverage, poor patient access, sales and sales sales. According to sales, according to the terminal data, the curvature bill was countered by 1,755 million domestic sales in 2017, an increase of 32 per cent compared to the previous year, and a trend is accelerating year by year. Considering that most provinces have not done so in the past few years.
Health insurance, we expect that with the entry into the 2017 health-care negotiation list, the curvature bill will be sold at a faster rate, and that the hlx02 breast cancer adaptation application was submitted to the cde by the end of 2012, followed by the product ' s stomach cancer adaptation application in 2014.
In July 2015, Hlx02 obtained a clinical study on cfda breast cancer adaptive disorders, and in January 2016, a clinical study on cfda stomach cancer adaptive disorders.
▪ It is gratifying to note that, in June 2017, Hlx02 was approved by the Ukrainian Clinical Trial of iii; in September, by the Polish Clinical Trial of iii; and in October, by the Philippine Clinical Trial of iii of iii and the International Multi-Centre Clinical Study of Biopharmaceuticals of Breast Cancer of Hong Han.
From the point of view of clinical progress, Sino-Chinese resistance to her 2 units was withdrawn due to the normative problem of clinical data; Kaji and Bi resistance to her 2 units was launched in March 2016 as the fastest-growing product; and the polygonal resistance to biological analogues entered the clinical phase in September 2016.
iii, second in rank, and parallel clinical iii trials in Ukraine, the Philippines, Poland, etc., are being carried out simultaneously to enter high-end markets such as the EU, and also to prepare for the expansion of potential markets. Beotay entered clinical iii in March 2018 for breast cancer adaptation.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the International Cancer Research Centre (InternationalargencyForresearchConcancer, iarc)
According to the data, in 2012, the world ' s breast cancer rate was among the highest among women (431.1 per 100,000) and far ahead of the second-highest colon cancer (14.3 per 100,000), accounting for 35.3 per cent of new tumours among women and 20.8 per cent of deaths among women of all types of cancer in China.
The new data published by the Centre also show that in 2015 breast cancer will remain the highest among women, ranking sixth in the ranking of all cancer deaths among women. Between 2000 and 2011, the average annual increase in breast cancer morbidity in the Central African Republic was 3.9 per cent, and the mortality rate was 1.1 per cent in China;
The number of new cases of breast cancer and deaths per year remains high due to the large population base, which accounts for 12.2 per cent of breast cancer cases worldwide and 9.6 per cent of deaths, and this figure is still in place, according to the latest report of the National Cancer Centre, China Malignant Tumour Incidence and Deaths 2013, 2017
Analysis of the age-standardised incidence of breast cancer among women (asr) is 28.42 per 100,000, and the trend is rising. The number of breast cancer patients in China in 2015 is 2,724,000, according to the State of Breast Cancer Report.
According to the Guidelines and Regulations for the Treatment and Treatment of Breast Cancer of the Chinese Anti-Cancer Association (2017 editions), curly beads are treated first-line for transferred breast cancer: curd beads are treated 6 mg/kg (first dose 8 mg/kg) every 3 weeks.
Programmes, or 2 mg/kg (first dose of 4 mg/kg) weekly programmes, until the disease progresses, the first line of interconnected chemotherapy drugs and programmes include joint or non-combined carpium, Dositas, Changchun Ribbon and Carpetian, as well as combined Dosita + Pattobill resistance; second-line treatments for disease progress;
(1) Clerical beads may be retained and other chemotherapy drugs, such as Capitabin, may be replaced. (2) Repadal Nica may also be replaced with other chemotherapy drugs, such as Capetabin. (3) The use of cellular poisons may also be discontinued, while the use of both targets may be combined to treat drugs, such as Rapaconi.
The use of tdm-1 may also be considered in the case of combined tutull monomer resistance, or Partutumonium monodrome resistance (currently not clinically available in the country (4). 6 mg/kg (first dose of 8 mg/kg) every three weeks for breast cancer assisted treatment.
or 2 mg/kg (4 mg/kg for the first dose) weekly programme with treatment of 1 year
▪ Core variables and assumptions:  Pricing: initial pricing is reduced by 9% and adjusted every two years.  Urban ratio: eventual import substitution, and regenerative placement with lead time and sales
This is the highest rate of production in the country. According to the National Gold Medicine 5d3s drug assessment model, we expect a similar drug with a maximum value of RMB 2 billion, corresponding to a present value of RMB 4.4 billion.
Scenario two: optimistic product penetration  core variables and assumptions:  Pricing: initial pricing is down by nine and then adjusted every two years.
▪ Maximum penetration rate of products: 80 per cent: final import substitution and the highest rate of national production by leading market time and selling power.
According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, we expect that the HDR will have a maximum value of RMB 3 billion, corresponding to a present value of RMB 6.5 billion.
Clinical progress was highest; the quantitative valuation for the ra clinical i period was 2.6-3.8 billion.hlx03 generic name: Reassemble anti-tnf alpha monoclonal antibody injection (Adam Moi resistance), former researcher Abovy, listed by the United States on 31 December 2002; 8 September 2003
European approval for listing; Japanese approval for listing in September 2011. The following suitable rheumatological arthritis (ra) and silver chipper arthritis have been approved for listing.
Strong and straight spinal disease, adult Crohn disease, filamental silver chip disease.
Young arthritis, ulcer colonitis, little Crain disease.
Perseptic sweatitis, grapeflammitis, which is based on an all-human clinical advantage, and the continuous expansion of adaptive disorders, the Adams are on the market.
After becoming a truly heavy-pound bomb, sales in 2017 exceeded $18.4 billion, an increase of 11.46% over the previous year, the largest single drug ever sold globally. Even after more than 15 years on the market, the product was imported into China in 2010 under the name of Moe Lei, and the approved adaptive disorder was rheumatized.
Arthritis (ra). Second-line drugs currently used in the country mainly for rheumatism and arthritis (2018 types of rheumatological arthritis, Clinical Path 2016) Cloone ' s disease, ulcer colonitis, and vines ' arthritis studies
The evaluation team issued recommendations for the treatment of silver scrap disease arthritis in 2015.
The sale of Neada wood monolithic resistance is relatively low. In 2013, he submitted to cde a clinical application for hlx03 arthritis (ra) adaptive disorders, and in December 2015, he received a clinical batch, which is now in the first phase of the I clinical trial.
In April 2017, the clinical application for silviosis (ps) was sent to cde, and the clinical release for silicosis (pps) was obtained. In April 2017, the silicone (pps) was submitted to cde, while the silicosis (pps) was also sent to cde.
Clinical requests for adaptive treatment were obtained in April 2017. The clinical iii phase is currently used for Ps adaptation, the fastest-resilient manufacturer in the country.
Figure 31: Fluid arthritis flow I: Conservative clinical penetration • Core variables and assumptions:
▪ Pricing: the initial pricing was 20% discounted and adjusted every two years; the product penetration rate peaked at 1.0%; and the use of non-approved adaptive disorders such as mandatory spinal disease is temporarily excluded.
▪ Urbanization: Eventually, import substitution was achieved and the Quantico was adapted to the problems of silver chips, and the Ministry took over, according to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug evaluation model, we expect the Quantico Hanan Adam monochrome to have a peak of 1.2 billion yuan yuan, corresponding to a present value of 2.6 billion yuan yuan.
Scenario two: optimistic clinical penetration  core variables and assumptions:  Pricing: initial pricing is 20% discounted and adjusted every two years.
▪ For the time being, the use of non-consensual adaptive disorders such as mandatory spinal disease is not taken into account.
The peak is 1.8 billion yuan yuan, corresponding to a present value of 3.8 billion yuan. hlx04: Beluconaeoplasty antibiotic similars, for crc adaptive clinical iii, first, Nsclc clinical phase of the country, with a quantitative valuation of 4.45-53 billion.
hlx04 General name: Reorganisation of antivegf human source monoclonal antibody injection fluid (bevacizumab, Beveal bead) , former researcher Genentech, a subsidiary under the Roth flag, adaptive to transfer rectal cancer, listed by the United States on 16 February 2004; obtained on 12 January 2005
European approval for listing; Japan was approved for listing in July 2007 and China was approved for listing on 26 February 2010. The following adaptive disorders have been approved: 1) Transferred rectum cancer
2. Non-story non-small cell lung cancer (non-story nsclc) her2 negative breast cancer 4) malignant elastic tumours
(v) Continued, repeated or transferary cervical cancer 6) Relapsing peritoneal ovaries, tubal tubes or primary peritoneal cancers are increasing as a result of good clinical effects and increasing adaptive effects,
By 2017, the sales volume of the Beverage card stood at 6,688 million Swiss francs, an increase of 1.40 per cent, becoming a genuinely heavy-pound bomb. In 2010, the Beverage card species were imported into China for sale, and the merchandise was known as Avetin.
Sexual rectum cancer. The first-line combination drug currently used in the country is mainly for the transfer of rectal cancer (the Chinese regulation for the treatment of rectum cancer in 2017) and the first-line treatment of non-stension Nsclc (the treatment of anti-vascular production drugs for late stage non-small cell lung cancer).
With regard to health insurance, after the 2010 market, the Beifard List, which is not available in the country or in the provinces, entered the 207th edition of the National Health Insurance Directory B in 2017, with a decrease of 61.4 per cent in prices, is now in place in relation to other health-care catalogue products.
Eight provinces have adopted a policy of non-drug-based negotiation catalogue products, and in the current environment, negotiating catalogue products are expected to exceed market expectations and accelerate their use. Marketing suggests that the Breathbills have remained stable against sales over the past year, from 392 million in 2013.
In December 2015, Hlx04 received a clinical batch for recalibration of rectal cancer, which is now in its prime.
▪ In June 2015, Hulx04 added non-small cell lung cancers, submitted an application for ind to cde, and soon received a clinical release for this adaptive condition in May 2016.
▪ December 2017, Haruhan Hlx04 for the treatment of wet age-relevance yellow flammation and diabetes. Retinal adaptive disorders were accepted for review in clinical trials by the National Directorate-General of Pharmacy.
From a clinical point of view, it is ranked second in the clinical ii period. Followed up are the East Xia Pharmacy, Beijing Xianjin, Baotai, Jia and Biology, Boan Organisms, etc.; and there are many other current clinical periods.
Crc: In March 2018, the treatment for crc was introduced into clinical iii, the country ' s fastest-resilient enterprise; in addition, the first-sounding industry, the Heung Swe medicine, the bright sun, etc. are in clinical i for crc.
Humid age-relevance yellow flammation (wamd): The original study did not allow for this adaptive, but it was feasible to target the device and there were cases of off-label use abroad. Only Jiang So-Taikang declared clinical re-targeting under the new drug route and entered the clinic in January 2016.
On the whole, through a differentiated clinical strategy, the regenemic Nsclc adaptive condition was avoided and was ranked first in the country through the crc adaptive condition; and secondly, the company ' s nsclc adaptive certificate entered the clinical i phase in December 2016 and the clinical progress was robust.
The median survival period of the 5-fu/lv programme after the combined beverage is 17.9 months, while 5-fu/lv or 5-fu/lv/Illucane, without the single resistance, has been only 14.6 months (p = 0.008).
Research on untreated patients has also supported the inclusion of the BREVL in the initial treatment. 15.6 months in this month (hr=0.66, p. <0.001) Clinical usage guidelines: currently fda has approved the BREVL to be used
As first- or second-line treatment, combined treatment based on chemotherapy with an I.V. in fluorine 5-F. Transferred rectum cancer: as second-line treatment based on chemotherapy with fluorine-Illiukone or fluorine-Ossali platinum
Joint treatment of transient rectal cancer patients who have undergone first-line treatments with beluconol, but who are still suffering from disease: as first-line treatment, combined treatment with chemotherapy with carpium and violet ol is non-circumcisional.
(b) crc: Based on current clinical treatment practices at nccn, nice and esmo, all three guidelines recommend joint target-to-drug programmes based on multi-drug combination therapy programmes, including fluorine
The treatment of the skin growth factor receptors applies only to the K-Ras wild tumor, regardless of whether the K-Ras mutant changes.
The same applies to patients who have lost their first-line chemotherapy treatment, if they have a better physical state, and consider switching to second-line chemotherapy or tri-lineal chemotherapy. But the three guides are based on nuances.
The results of the Calgb80405 study, the 2015 nccn guide, recombined the platinum-containing dual-drugs program with the Western Tosses as a diversionary rectal cancer treatment program for the k-ras wild type, which is consistent with the esmo guide. The nice guide will continue to fight the West.
The only recommended target for first-line treatment for transient rectum cancer is the combined colfox or folfiri line for late-stage rectal cancer.
Transferred rectum carcinoma (mcrc): A recommended dose of 5 mg/kg body weight, late, transient or relapsed non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) when combined randomly admitted to the ILDR5-fu/lv(m-ifl) chemotherapy programme, was 5 mg/kg body weight.
A combination of the two is used for a maximum of six cycles, followed by treatment of the beverage single antigen until the disease progresses or there is an intolerable toxicity. The recommended dose is 15 mg/kg body weight and is given once every three weeks (15 mg/kg/q3w).
▪ According to the " cancer of colonicsinchina, 2015 " , there are currently 37,63 million new cases of colon cancer each year in China, and 69.5 per cent of the positive expression of the vegf target in vegf cancer, according to the Clinical Study of Expressions and their Effects on Prophecies of Hepaste rectum Cancer;
▪ The incidence and mortality rates of colon cancer (crc) in China have remained on the rise according to the Chinese Code for the Clinical Treatment of Colectal Cancer (2017). The 2015 Chinese cancer statistics show that the incidence of colon cancer and mortality are in fifth place among all malignant neoplasms.
Of these, urban areas are far higher than rural areas, and the incidence of colon cancer has increased significantly. Most patients find themselves in the late and middle stages.
Figure 41: Flows of rectum cancer Situation I: Permeability of conservative products Time of entry: Crectal cancer expected to be on the market in 2020: non-small cell lung cancer expected in 2021
• Pricing: initial pricing is 9% discounted and adjusted every two years; peak product penetration: 60% transfer of rectal cancer; 20% non-small cell lung cancer.
For the time being, the use of hyperadaptive disorders that are not sanctioned is not taken into account. The city ratio: final import substitution, and the highest rate of corc adaptation in the country, thanks to leading marketing time and sales capacity.
According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, we expect a single anti-similar drug peak of 2.1 billion yuan yuan, corresponding to a present value of 4.4 billion yuan. Scenario two: the penetration rate of optimistic products.
▪ Time of listing: Crectal cancer is expected to be on the market in 2020: non-small cell lung cancer is expected to be on the market in 2021: 80%.  Pricing: initial pricing is 9% discounted and adjusted every two years.
▪ Maximum product penetration: transfer of 70% rectum cancer; 20% non-small cell lung cancer; temporary exclusion of non-approved adaptive hyperalytic use.  City coverage: eventual import substitution, and regenesis with lead time on the market and sales
According to the National Gold Medicine “5d3s” drug assessment model, we expect the anti-similar drug peak to be 2.5 billion yuan yuan, corresponding to a present value of 5.3 billion yuan.
Hlx05: Vittosque monobiotic analogues signed an authorized licence agreement with Shanghai Viewer. hlx05 generic name: Reassemble anti-skinned growth factor (egfr) human rats embedded in monoclonal antibodies sold by bms by September 2015, after which the United States, Canada and Japan were authorized to sell.
On 12 February 2004, the United States approved listing; on 19 June 2004, the European Union approved listing; in September 2008, Japan was granted listing; and on 4 January 2006, China was granted listing.
In 2006, China imported the anti-septic varieties from the west to the west. The product was called Aipodaw. It was adapted to the condition of Y.Y.
The co-medication of the meds is the expression of egfr, the mesothermal growth factor, and transient rectum cancer following the failure of the venomic treatment, which contains the Illitus cell. The main use of the arterial co-medics (China ' s rectal cancer protocol 2017) is currently the first line used in the country for the transfer of rectal cancer.
▪ In terms of health insurance, following its listing in 2006, the Xictosche List, which was launched in 2009 and 2017 in Tibet, was unable to negotiate its entry into category B of the 2017 version of the National Health Insurance Directory. According to sales, the Xitosche List was sold more than 336 million in 2017, a year-on-year increase.
22.73 per cent, and the trend towards accelerated growth is maintained. We believe that the penetration rate has increased mainly as a result of product end-of-service expansion, but since the product is not included in the negotiating catalogue of health insurance, we believe that there is much room for improvement in the penetration rate of the product.
▪ In August 2015, the Hlx05 project product was given a hysterectopathic transiental cancer adaptation package, and in September 2015 a hysterectocyte cancer adaptive hysteria clinic was obtained. As a result of the same target point as company hlx07, Hlx07 was closed on the basis of hlx05
Improved architecture and functionality are expected to achieve better clinical results, with companies selling hlx05 benefits to Xinzian organisms in 2016.
The bio-better hlx07 is a bio-improved mono-resistance (bio-better) developed by the Xanax with full autonomy. hlx07 is a skin growth factor (egfr) on the surface of a malignant neoplasm cell.
Humanized monoclonal antibodies from target sites with good pharmaceutical efficacy, low side effects, high safety features that can be used to treat multiple diseases such as rectum cancer, and cervical cancer. Quantico has submitted an ind application for hlx07 products to cde at the end of 2015.
In 2016, clinical batches were obtained for adaptive conditions such as real tumors, and it is worth noting that the product has been approved for clinical purposes in mainland China, the United States and Taiwan and has entered the stage of clinical research in Taiwan.
Comparable drug — Cetosque: 2006 imported Chinese anti-septic varieties, sold in China, with a trade name for love, adapted to the co-medication of ecliptic growth factors (egfr) with Ilyekon, and transferred rectal cancer following the failure of treatment with typhoid poison.
The sales show that Xictossi had more than 336 million final sales in 2017, a year-on-year increase of more than 22.73%, and maintained the trend of accelerating growth. We believe that it is mainly the product end-end extension belt.
In view of the fact that the product is not included in the negotiating catalogue of health insurance, we believe that there is still much room for increasing the penetration of the product.
Innovative bioresistances hlx06: One-stop resistance to vegfr2 targets obtained in China, the United States and Taiwan, currently in the clinical i phase, is expected to be 19 years.
hlx10: The single resistance to the pd-1 target obtained clinical batches in China, the United States and Taiwan. The clinical I period is currently under way and is expected to enter the clinical stage in mid-19 years.
hlx20: The single resistance to the pd-l1, her2, c-met, ctla-4 target is in the pre-clinical development stage. The single resistance to the c-met target is first-in-class. hlx31: the double resistance to her2/cd3 is in the pre-clinical development stage.
hlx06: The original clinical iii period in the country has the advantage of the whole human-source structure. hlx06 is an innovative and autonomous therapeutic bioproduct, mainly for the treatment of real tumors. Common name: Reorganize antivegfr2 monoclonic antibody injection.
The single cloned antibody drug is the elilily 's Ramucirumb, the commodity ' s name cyramza, which is not yet on the market for the same kind of drug as the target. The domestic manufacturer is Hlx06, the first approved vegfr2.
Remo's single resistance, the original research institute's homey, was approved for listing in the United States in April 2014, with a trade name.
2) Non-small-cell lung cancer (nsclc) 3) rectal cancer.
Global sales amounted to $758 million, an increase of 23.45 per cent over the same year. Remo monolithic applications for import and registration of clinical trials in China began in 2013 and have been approved continuously for 15 years.
In July 2017, it entered the clinical stage. From the point of view of national production, five companies have now submitted their clinical registrations, including Changchun Kinsai, Sichuan Koren, Shandong-gyong, Gangang Han-hyun, and Betai of the East.
Clinical period, but due to a different humanization structure from that of the original research, we think we're going to be using the new drug as a new drug Chart 55: vegfr2 Registered for admission Chart 56: Domestic clinical progress against the vegfr2 target
• In June 2017, Hlx06 applied to cde. In September 2017, Hlx06 was granted a clinical trial permit for fda. Hlx06 was granted a clinical trial for Taiwan in November 2017.
▪ From a clinical point of view, the regenerate lags behind the elilily and the Long Spring Kings, but unlike the embedded structure of the long spring gold pits, the regenesis of the regene is all-human, the closest to the marketed Ramucirumab, and the clinical advantage.
Figure 58: Antivegfr2 monoclinic competition pattern hlx10/hlx20: International first-line immunotherapy product, strategic layout for oncology treatment. pd-1 is a heavy-pound strain of anti-cancer immunology therapy, adaptation is expanding, and there is wide-ranging resistance to cancer:
Pd-1 (programmedcelldeathprotein1) Procedural Death Receptor 1 is a major immunosuppressant.
The combination of pd-1 and its corresponding receptor pd-l1, pd-l2, which inhibits lymphocyte activation, is a normal self-sustainability mechanism for the immune system, because excessive t-cell activation causes autoimmune disease. When the pd-l1 of the tumor cell is heavily combined with the pd-1 on the lymphocyte cell,
Pd-1 monoclonal antibodies act as a mechanism for disrupting the combination of pd-1 and formulation pd-l1 in the body, enabling t cells to function properly and thereby using their own immunisation to eliminate tumor cells.
There are currently five types of pd-1/pd-l1 approved overseas, of which there are odivo and Merca in bms, including melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, kidney cell cancer, classic Hodgkin lymphoma, neck-story cell cancer, upper bladder skin cancer, msi-h or dmmr transfer knots.
In the future, other adaptive expansions are being attempted, such as rectum cancer, liver cancer, stomach cancer, etc. Because of the pd-1 mechanism, it is expected that it will continue to expand. Global pd-1/pd-l1 sales are close to $10 billion, and more than 50 varieties are being studied:
Five types of pd-1/pd-l1 are currently approved for listing, namely, pd-1 antibodies keytruda in Mossathon, pd-1 antibodies pd-l1 antibodies pd-ldivo, pd-l1 antibodies tecentriq in Rhodes, pd-1 antibodies bavencio in Phiremek, and
The pidivo+keytruda+tencentriq sales, which were close to $10 billion in 2017, have remained at a high rate of growth, coupled with an adaptive expansion, and conservatively estimate that the entire pd-1/pd-l1 world sales peaked at over $30 billion.
Figure 62: Global pd-1/pd-l1 sales data and, according to statistics, the number of pd-1 varieties still in clinical practice worldwide is more than 50, and there are still a larger number of corporate high-gate targets at pd-1/pd-l1.
At present, there are about 20 of the pd-1/pd-l1 varieties produced in the country, of which 12 are in the pd-1 and 8 are in the pd-l1 variety, and about 6 of the pd-1/pd-l1 varieties in the Chinese Clinic.
Three pd-1s, three pd-l1s. As of April 2018, a total of five companies in the country had declared cfda production batches for foreign companies bms and Mercado, respectively, as well as for national companies Heng Swe medicine, Sindha biology, and Genuine Organisms.
The production of breast lung cancer has been declared, the production of melanoma accelerosis has been declared in Mercado, the production of albinoma accompaniment products has been declared, the traditional Hodge King lymphoma declarations have been made by natural organisms, the production of small cancers has been declared time-consuming by national companies, and the first is not yet publicly available in the future, and the distribution channels are uncertain.
We plan to declare production in chl, chl, and melanoma, respectively.
Basic Data Requirements for the Listing of Anti-pd-1/pd-l1 Stock Declarations: (1) Allowing an enterprise to make a listing application to cde on the basis of the results of a single bed test which is the main endpoint of the orr (objective mitigation rate); (2) Allowing an enterprise to make a rolling application at the same time
All three national producers are now in the twenty-eighth priority review catalogue, and it is not clear which will be the first to be listed in the future. Prices are expected to be more pro-people: taking into account the foreign capital pd-1 variety (opdivo of bms) and Mozza
Eastern keytruda), which is increasingly entering the domestic market at a price relative to that of the overseas market, we expect to price the pd-1 varieties at an annual price of about RMB 10-15 million (different pricing for different cancer types, with only a quantum assumption, which does not represent the actual pricing situation).
• The value of future domestic sales channels is evident: of the three fastest producing companies, only the company (Hang Swe Pharmacy) is expected to have nearly 10,000 academic extension teams, and Sinda and Genuine organisms will face self-constructed sales teams or licenseout options.
The companies that sold the license with pd-1 were (partially combed): restardry (expected 5,000 people with pd-1 in clinical phase I), Chinese biopharmaceuticals (expected 10,000 people with pd-l1 in clinical phase I), Lilleg Group (expected 8,000-10,000 people with pd-1 in clinical phase I), Shanghai medicine
People, Trinity Pharmaceuticals (estimated 2,500), Stone Group (projected 1,000 anti-cancer teams), and Aslicom’s foreign sales teams.
Hlx10: July 2017, HUNHHAN HHlx10 submitted an application for ind to cde. September 2017, HUNHHAN HHlX10 obtained a clinical clearance for fda.
Hwang Hlx10, with clinical clearance from the Taiwan Pharmacy Unit, has now been launched in Taiwan. hlx20:1217, HHlx20 was registered for cfda Clinical Trials.
As an analysis above shows, we believe that the future core of the pd-1, pd-l1 competition is not limited to single-drug treatment, but more meaningful to joint drug use. Joint treatment: Future companies can link pd-1 to the inhibitor of targets like egfr/vegf
Co-use, in theory, can have a better clinical effect. If approved, it can significantly increase the development of public and dual resistance: products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights can in the future broaden the product layout of a company, especially in the development of dual resistance products.
▪ For pre-clinical and emerging clinical products, we gave 40-60 million copies of pre-clinical biopharmaceuticals at the trading price of the first-level market, due to the lack of clinical data;
A clinical batch of 70-90 million each, with a total estimate of the aggregate price of the earlier product of the Xanax, the competitive advantage of the Xanax: affordable innovation, the advantages of the Xanax in terms of R & D over large international pharmaceutical companies.
The success rate of R & D can be increased through the back-to-back advantage of R & D, the basic work of valid validation of the most uncertain targets is carried out by the original research firm, which is more based on existing real-time excellence and, overall, increases the success rate of clinical R & D of biopharmaceuticals from 11.5 per cent to 70 per cent.
China’s engineers’ dividend. In contrast to large international multinational corporations, Hong Kong relies on China’s combined international experience of leading R & D figures and domestic scientists.
More efficient operations. Current technological and equipment innovations have led to less costly R&D than early, human-intensive R&D approaches, which have led to the introduction of platformed, automated technologies.
Lower production costs At the industry level: the cost advantage of a back-up advantage. From the time the antibodies are marketed, as a result of advances in new technologies such as increased cellular expression,
The increase in the size of the reactor, advances in purity technology and the use of one-time fermentation technology, and the cost of production of antibodies have fallen from the initial $500-1,000/q to the current $20-50/q, while technological advances have reduced the cost of drugs and increased their penetration and accessibility;
On the other hand, in the case of post-committal enterprises, new technologies and processes can be used to reduce production, increase the Maori rate, and have a more competitive advantage at the commercial level. Our so-called autonomous research and development of high-expression cell strains and cultures can be effective in reducing costs.
The unit resistance production costs and expressions (teter) are negatively related, with the volume falling sharply from close to zero to 1.5 g/l production costs, so that the higher the number of cellular expressions within this range, the greater the cost competitive advantage of the product.
When expressions exceed 5 g/l, the marginal effect of the cost decrease is low, but high levels of expression increase the difficulty of subsequent purity. After years of technological development, the current level of expressions has increased from 0.45 g/l at the beginning of 2009
5g/l in 2015, into a cost range. The company is already the first international water in terms of the amount of expression to be used as a one-time fermentation technology.
Iron fermentation tanks. The advantages of a one-time fermentation technology relative to a steel tank technology include: 1) investment in fixed capital is reduced by more than 50%; 2) treatment of wastewater is reduced by 85%; 3) a one-time fermentation technology is reduced by 20-35%; 4) a one-time fermentation technology is also reduced by 20-35%.
The construction cycle can last about two years, while multiple uses take more than three years. 5) At the same time, one-time fermentation technology can reduce pollution in production.
The company now has six 2000l bioreactors to ensure the commercialization of products in the pipeline.
▪ To improve clinical success rates by timely follow-up to a target that has been proven to be effective. For a target that has been proven to be effective, the latter can save the cost of base-line development for a prior target study. For example, for a revolutionary pd-1 target, the latter can save.
The clinical level can be improved by reference to successful or failed programmes, such as targeted trials for more effective segmentation of the population.
For biopharmaceuticals, the success rate of clinical research and development can be increased from 11.5% to 70%. In terms of clinical success, biological success rates are 1.85 times as high as those of small moleculars because of their safety.
▪ More than this, the cost advantages of the final commercialization competition are derived from the much lower cost of R & D, lower production costs, higher success rates for antibodies. There is therefore a cost advantage in the final commercialization competition as opposed to the primary research firms.
The generation has laid the foundation for the advantage. Agglomeration of the competitive advantage: combination therapy! Use product combinations and synergies to deepen the market for the breakdown of cancers.
▪ Future trends in oncology treatment are multi-product combination therapy, especially immunization therapy, in conjunction with traditional therapy, with more than 200 combined treatments currently under way worldwide, targeting lymphatic cancer, where companies can operate a combination of rectangular resistance and pd-1/pd-l1.
(hlx01+hlx10 or hlx20;) For breast cancer, companies can develop a combination of hlx22 (hlx02+hlx22) of curvature sheet resistance and innovation;
For lung cancer, companies can develop hlx09 and pd-1/pd-l1 co-pharmaceuticals or clla-4 and pd-1/pd-l1 (hlx09+hlx10 or hlx20); for stomach cancer companies, they can develop stammers and hlx22 or ctla-4 and pd-1
Associated. (hlx02+hlx22 or hlx09+hlx10) For cervical cancer, companies can ccla-4 and pd-1/pd-l1 combination drugs (hlx09+hlx10 or hlx20)
At present, there are now six of the more hot immunization treatments around the world, and the core of the pd-1, pd-l1, ctla-4 are in the pipeline.
Second, each of the new products developed by the Quantana have an autonomous patent protection that guarantees the competitive advantage of the company’s domestic and international development. The Quantico has a competitive advantage: multi-market access!
Many countries have endorsed the EU’s approval system. Once registered in the EU, more generous products can be quickly introduced into South-East Asia, South America, and South America.
The production system currently in place in the company has access requirements through cfda, fda, ema.
The multi-dial clinic in China, Taiwan, the European Union, and the United States is being synchronized with the Chinese, Taiwan, and the United States. On the one hand, the advantage of the clinical base can be used to accelerate patient entry; on the other hand, overseas certification can be met through multiple centers.
The current variety of multi-dial clinically performed globally is: hlx01: September 2017 with clinical clearance in iii, Poland; hlx02: June 2017 with clinical approval in iii, Ukraine; September with iii, Poland.
Clinical; October iii in the Philippines; hlx07: tri-clinics in China, the United States and Taiwan; hlx06: medical clearance in the United States in September 2017 and Taiwan in November 2017
hlx10: September 2017.  Based on the U.S. Gold 5d3s drug assessment model, we believe that the current value of post-clinical products is RMB 16-22 billion, in research and early years, without taking into account the use of the product 's hyperadaptive disorder.
The value of the company will continue to grow as clinical advances. As a major shareholder in the regenerative industry, sustained research and development has led to the creation of the country's best creatures, and we believe that the future reintroduction, with the resources of the recombinant medicine, will be able to put the product on the market.
Sales, commercial health insurance docking, production base building, and overseas registration create synergies.
▪ 1. We believe that companies have long proven their capabilities on the basis of business operations. Whether it is based on integration after M & As, on increasing the synergy and strength of the entire medical community, or on sustained R & D investment in long-term thinking about the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven their excellence in the pharmaceutical industry at different levels.
The company has the genes to grow into an international first-class pharmaceutical company. In contrast to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company in the international arena, which is inconsistent with China’s overall national power.
1) First, the company ' s long-term and efficient R & D investment to drive innovation. In the context of the global biologics & biosimilar rapid development, the company, after many years of operation, has built a solid product line and became the leader of the country ' s biosimilar, with a layout.
Bioinnovation medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, a system of independent research and development, production, leading to the booming development of Chinese biopharmaceuticals, and promising to take a seat on the international market.) Second, companies are born with genes that become bigpharma.
To become a top-class global pharmaceutical company, it must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, and to build up an excellent M & As team from the start.
In recent years, China has joined the Ich. China’s overall drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interfaces, and the Chinese market has become more comfortable with international resources.
Third, an excellent management team and talent-selection development system. Starting in 16 years, rein Xinxing was the president of the former Jiangsuwan State, Wu Yi Fung, who started selling and built the country, which was different from the previous president's investment in the long term.
They believe that the re-star medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of the re-star medicine, optimized resource allocation, and more efficient operations. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the big molecule bio-pharmaceuticals, with a small share.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs. 1) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets, the first biological drug to be introduced in China as a biosimilar, have submitted cfda rolling applications and are expected to make a breakthrough in the course of the year;
2) The three-stage clinical progress of biologically similar drugs for her 2 target points is steady and it is expected that core data will be available and production declared in the second half of 18 years. 3) As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to be in the first half of 18 years.
Completing the clinical declaration of cd19car-t. 4) Reorganizing insulin for humans, recombining glyclin, restructuring three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, and it is expected that key data will be available in the course of the year.
5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: Synchronized clinical work on targets of vagfr2, egfr, pd-1 in Taiwan in the United States and the country. 6) Small molecular innovation drugs: Vangrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c glue
The M&As are below expectations, and the M&As are below expectations. The M&As have proven their excellence in M&As, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A project.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment