Medical Health Research Centre Clinical declaration of cytotherapy products, expected to be accepted on 15 May of the year by the General Directorate for the Supervision of Food and Drugs for the examination of clinical trials.
fkc876: revolutionary cell therapy products, successfully marketed and commercialized. Formerly kitepharma, commercial name Yescarta.
On December 11, 2017, Kit published at the annual meeting of the American Blood Society the latest edition of the Zuma-1 clinical research data.
In the meantime, 42% of patients are in a state of constant relief, and 40% have no signs of cancer.
Car-t drugs Kymriah Novartis priced $475 million and the second car-t drug yescarta $373 million. Kymriah's sales in the first quarter of 2018 were 3. Three-quarter performance was delayed and R & D entered revenue
$12 million, yescarta sold $40 million in the first quarter of 2018. At the same time, kymriah and yescarta have the potential to adapt.
The market space is more than $5 billion. fkc876: China rules are in place and cellular treatment products are growing faster. There are already 15 products.
A clinical declaration, in which Nanjing legends and Yocady cell therapy products have been approved. With data from overseas, it is hoped that Kate will be able to grow up, have commercial capacity and, in the case of patents, a five-to-eight-fold increase in the scope for new adaptive expansion.
Wang Jianli fkc876: Commodity name Yescarta, revolutionary cell therapy product, and successfully marketed commercial fkc876: International first-line cell therapy product, formerly kitepharma, Commodity name Yescarta.
fkc876, i.e. the kitepharma cell immunotherapy product yescarta (approved by the U.S. fda in October 2017) was introduced from kitepharma by Restar Kate; the product is used mainly for the treatment of relapsing large b-cell lymphoma.
On the same day, the globally marketed car-t-cell immunotherapy product kymriah (anti-retroviral cd19car-t cell injection fluid) had the same target of cd19, mainly for the treatment of children and young adults (2-25 years) for acute lymphocyte leukemia and adults relapsing/problemsb
Cell-based lymphoma (including dlbcl, followed by dlbcl and high-level b-cell lymphoma)
▪ Four clinics have been conducted in kite for yescarta (kte-c19), of which zuma-1 is the main basis for effectiveness and safety assessments. zuma-2/zuma-3/zuma-4 is supportive of safety yescarta clinical effectiveness.
▪ Clinical data meet the evidentiary standard for the validity of dlbcl, which is repeated or advanced after two or more full-body treatments. In the second phase, 101 of the 111 patients who received white cell separation were treated. Most of the patients treated (76%) suffered from dlbcl and 16% were filtered.
For lymphoma (fl), 8% suffer from lymphoma (pmbcl). The median number of previous treatments was 3 (ranges: 1 to 10), 77% of patients suffered from a second or more difficult treatment of sexually transmitted diseases, and 21% returned within one year of their own body hsct.
Based on the full mitigation rate (cr) and duration (dor) indicators, the objective mitigation rate (orr) was 72% in an improved (mitt) treatment, 51% (95% ci: 41,62) and 0.9 months in a median mitigation time.
The response of the patient with the best overall response (bor) is longer than that of the bor with partial mitigation (pr). The estimated median dor (95%ci: 8.1 months, ne) of the patient with the pr is 2.1 months
The patient (seven of the first stage and 101 of the second phase) and the adverse effects of the third stage and above include the release of cell factors syndrome (crs) (13 per cent), neurotoxicity (31 per cent),
In the course of the Zuma-1 study, severe or fatal cerebral swelling was reported in the 120-day safety update.
The most serious complications can be mitigated by life-threatening and fatally undesirable reactions attributable to kte-c19. Bad life-threatening and fatal reactions require warning, including a box of crs and neurotoxicity warnings and risk assessment and mitigation strategies (rems).
Preparation, patient education and risk mitigation strategies, with emphasis on early identification and treatment of crs and neurotoxicity.
Due to the limited time available for follow-up visits, the risk of long-term safety after treatment of kte-c19, especially the insertion of mutagenic-related malignant tumours, remains a concern. Therefore, a post-market demand (pmr) study is required.
Safety information for patients treated with marketed products, including key early adverse effects and follow-up to the second malignant tumour test and assessment 15 years later.
A combination of clinical safety and effectiveness data for yescarta, where the returns are higher than the risks and where the risks are somewhat manageable.yescarta: high pricing, significant sales, new health insurance improves product accessibility.
The first cytological treatment products came to the fore, high prices, high sales: the first car-t drug, Kymriah Novartis, priced 475,000, sold $12 million in the first quarter of the year, and yescarta in the first quarter of 2018.
In April 2018, the Medicare and Medicaid Service Center of the United States of America added cart treatment to the reimbursement. In the case of out-of-hospital treatment, cms is accepted.
Patients treated by kymriah pay about $500,000, patients treated by yescarta pay about $400,000, and patients pay only 20%. At the same time, in the case of residential care, combined with side effects maintenance considerations, the maximum cost of the subsidy would be $1.5 million.
In response to dlbcl’s adaptive problems, yescarta’s target patients in five countries in the United States and Europe total more than 14,300. At the current price of $373,000, the market space exceeds $5 billion, fkc876: China’s rules establish that cellular treatment products accelerate development.
On December 22, 2017, the National Directorate-General of ecstasy published the Guidelines for Research and Evaluation Techniques for Cell Therapy Products (Application), which require that the future treatment of cellular products be based on the principle of evaluation of medicines.
After the reporting rules were clear, several companies in the country declared clinically, and 15 products have been declared clinically, including the Nanjing legend and Yokadi cell therapy products, which have been approved for clinical purposes.
Since the fkc876 of the reinstar Kate has been approved in the United States, in accordance with the ich rule, it is possible to borrow part of the overseas data for domestic declarations, and via the data bridge, it is possible that the re-starry medicine will be used.
In contrast to other enterprises, reinstallation Kate has established a base to meet commercial production, producing multiple batches of clinical and commercial products, and now has an industrialization capacity of 3000 people per year.
Second, Respirator Kate has been given a full-scale technical authorization by Kitepharma, which is evident in the advantages of patenting car-t products, and subsequent firms are at risk of violating the original patent. China’s market space: 10,000 patients targeted, with static potential market sales exceeding 1 billion.
From 2003 to 2013, the incidence of malignant lymphoma, also known as the lymphoma, was estimated to be one of the 10 most common tumours in the country. According to data published in China’s Annual Register of Oncology, between 2003 and 2013, the incidence of malignant lymphoma was around 5 to 8 times higher.
5.10 million. According to the most recent version of the Acticsinchina, 2015, the number of people is 2009 - 1, of whom 53,000 are men and 35,200 are women. The lymphoma can be divided by tissue pathology into Hodgkin lymphoma (hl) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (nhl), of which hymphoma accounts for lymphoma.
The most common type of nhl is dlbcl, which accounts for 30 to 40 per cent of adults in the West, and the prevalence rate is generally greater than 40 per cent in Asian countries, with the country accounting for about 35 per cent.
50%. Dlbcl has a median morbidity age of 50 to 70 years, with slightly higher males than females. In 2011, an analysis of a sample of 1002 cases, conducted jointly by 24 centres, reported that dlbdl accounted for 45.8% of all nhl in China and 40.1% of all lymphoma.
▪ According to the Chinese Guide to Diagnosis and Treatment of Diagnosis of the Diagnosis and Treatment of lymphoma in Massive B Cells (2013 Edition), the clinically recommended first-line treatment programme for dlbcl is 6-8 sessions of r-chop21 (Litusha monoantiphostomide+alysin+prosin+Phenisson); according to the Chinese Diagnoses of malignant lymphoma
The standard first-line treatment programme for fl (2015 edition), which is a barter anti-combined chemotherapy programme, has a variety of options, and none of them has been proven to significantly prolong the patient’s total life (os).
cll/sll: Chronic lymphocytes leukemia/Little lymphocytes lymphoma; fl: leachate lymphoma; dlbcl: magnostic large b cell lymphoma; lbl: lymphoma in lymphocyte; ptcl: outer lymphoma in lymphoma in outer lymphoma; enkl: outer nk/t cell lymphoma nose type in reference to United States and European data and after treatment in dlbcl, about 25-30% of patients recovered after treatment
As a result, about 9,000-1,000 new patients in China apply fkc876 per year. Assuming that fkc876 is marketed at a price of 300,000/therapy courses, with a penetration rate of 35%, the product is sold at RMB 1 billion.
At the same time, fkc876 is expected to continue to expand on new adaptive conditions, with 5-8 times as much space as the target group.
In the wake of this integration, the synergies and strength of the medical community as a whole, and the continued investment in research and development that has long been judged by the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven themselves at different levels to be good pharmaceutical industries, and companies have the genes to grow into world-class pharmaceutical companies.
China’s lack of presence in the world’s leading pharmaceutical industry is inconsistent with China’s overall national power, and we believe that it is possible for the Chinese pharmaceutical industry to become a representative on the international scene. First, companies have a long-term and efficient investment in research and development to drive innovation around the world.
In the context of the rapid development of biologics&biosimilar, the company, after many years of operation, has built up solid product lines and has become the leader of the country's Biosimilar, with an autonomous, property-based bio-innovation drug, a system of independent research and development and production, leading Chinese students.
Medicines are booming and are expected to take their place in the international market. Second, companies are born with the genes to become bigpharma. The company growth path has proven itself to be excellent in merger and acquisition integration.
The global pharmaceutical industry must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, to build an excellent M & As team from the very beginning, and to create a mature and efficient system of project screening and M & As. China has recently joined the Ich.
The Chinese market's advantage in marrying international resources is much more favourable. Three of them, a good management team and a talent-selection training system. From 16 years on, the president of the former Jiangsuwan state was Mr. Wu Yifan, the chief executive director of the former Jiangsuwan state, and Mr. Wu started selling and developed the country as a step-by-step.
Growing up, unlike the previous CEOs, who invested in long-term investments. In management, we think that Quasi medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of Quasi medicine, optimal allocation of resources, and more efficient operations.
From the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the Big Molecular Biopharmaceuticals, with small scores in innovative drugs and consistent assessments that continue to break through. 1) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets were the first Chinese to apply for listing as a biosimilar.
(b) (ii) A three-stage steady progress in the clinical development of biologically similar drugs for her 2nd target, with the expectation that in the second half of 18 years core data will be available to declare production.
3) The company is expected to complete the cd19car-t clinical declaration in the first half of 18th year, with a clear domestic process for the declaration and registration of cellular therapy. 4) Reorganisation of insulin for humans, restructuring of glyclinol for insulin, restructuring of three phases of clinical progress for Lycón for the first half of 18 years.
Key data are expected to be available in the course of the year.) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1.
6) Small molecular innovation medicine: Ventigrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c capsules, etc., are less than expected for M&As and are less integrated. Anti-Star medicine has proven its excellence in M&A integration, but there is uncertainty about M & As and integration for each M & As project.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment