The pharmaceutical health research centre, brand-up value, marketing reforms reflect growth, and the restar medicine announced in May 2018 that its subsidiary had developed a recyclable anti-injection fluid.
A similar drug, originally known as Reassembled Human Rat Accumulation Anti-Cd20 Single Antibody Injection fluid, was used for the treatment of non-Hodge gold lymphoma adaptive disorders to complete the clinical iii phase.
Different adaptive conditions, such as nhl, cll, rha, gpa, were approved, reaching 7,388 million Swiss francs in 2017, an increase of 1.21 per cent in the same year, including 5,832 million Swiss francs for tumour adaptive disorders, an increase of 0.15 per cent in the same year, and 1,556 million Swiss francs for immuno-adaptive disorders.
In 2017, sales in the country amounted to 1,738 million, and in five years the cagr was 12.49%. In 2017, the price fell by 48.3% compared to other health-care catalogues.
2. Clinical declaration of cytotherapy products, which is expected to continue in eight provinces, has a policy of non-drug-based negotiation catalogue products, and in the current ring 3.
Under the circumstances, the product of the negotiating catalogue is expected to exceed market expectations and accelerate its release. The product and the original drug (Merohua) are the main end-points, secondary end-points (safety, immunization) of the clinical trials for the treatment of the first treatment of cd20-positive large non-Hotchkin lymphoma (dlbcl) patients.
From the point of view of clinical progress, Sino-China resistance (cd20 units) has been withdrawn due to clinical data regulation, which has been applied to dlbcl.
5. The tri-quarter performance has been mixed, and research and development is in the process of becoming the first in the country; both the Tianzhou cell and the Sinda organisms have been clinically in three stages, and progress has been relatively advanced; at the same time, at the clinical stage of the treatment of the ra, it is the first in the country.
According to the U.S. Gold Medicine 5d3s drug assessment model, we expect the anti-sympathic drug peak to be 1.4 billion yuan and the corresponding value of dcf to be 3.5 billion yuan.
Considering gland, we expect the company ' s net return profit for 18-20 years to be hlx01: to submit a listing application for dlbcl adaptive disorders, which will be the first in the country to enter clinical iii, with a quantitative value of around RMB 3.8 billion.
hlx01 is the first monoclonal antibodies project developed by the Quantana. Common name: Reassemble human rats with anticd20 monoclonal antibodies (Ledo V.V.V.), approved by the U.S. fda in 1997, was the first monoclon antibodies to treat cancer.
hlx01 was the first single antibiotic similar drug in China to be approved for clinical trials based on biologically similar drugs, and the first registered application for a single antibiotic similar drug to be accepted in the country.
On 2 June 1998 it was approved for listing in Europe; on 20 June 2001 it was approved for listing in Japan, and the following four adaptive conditions have been approved: non-Hoochkin lymphoma (nhl)
2) Chronic lymphocyte leukemia (cll) 3) rheumatism (ra) 4) bruising vascular disease (gpa) (wegener swollen) and microstimulitis (mpa)
▪ The sales of recyclables have been increasing as a result of good clinical effects and increasing adaptive conditions, reaching 7,388 million Swiss francs in 2017, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the same period, of which 5,832 million Swiss francs, an increase of 0.15 per cent over the same period, were for tumour adaptive disorders;
Sales for immuno-adaptive disorders amounted to 1,556 million Swiss francs, an increase of 5.35 per cent compared with the previous year. In 2000, Litto's anti-species were imported into China for sale, and the product was known as Merohua, and it was adapted to non-Hoo Qikin lymphoma (nhl).
In terms of health care, after the market, the Litos had entered only in the provinces of Shandong, Heilongjiang, Gansu, etc. Although clinically it was a first-line drug for treatment, higher prices limited production.
In 2017, Litor had resisted entering the country’s health insurance category B through national health-care negotiations, with prices falling by 48.3 per cent.
Eight provinces have adopted a policy of non-drug-based negotiation catalogue products, which, in the current environment, are expected to exceed market expectations and accelerate their use.  In terms of bidding: based on the National Gold Medicine 5d3s drug assessment model, based on 100 mg/10ml.
In the case of the winning provinces, there was an increase over the previous round. In the short run, the change factor in the size of the market was less than one, and the impact of the fall exceeded the new winning provinces.
Considering import substitution = short-term medium-term market variability factor* (1/% share of national product) 3 short-term trends for species with no target for the last round, not shown in the figure, where sales have remained stable for the past year, from 965 million in 2013 to 96.5 million in 2013
In March 2014, high-quality research on the Hlx01 project product was recognized by cde, and a large number of clinically nhl adaptive materials (i.e. approved in clinical i, ii, iii) were approved.
This is China’s first single antibiotic similar drug approved for clinical trials based on biologically similar drugs.  In March 2015, clinical trials were officially launched during the iii phase of the hlx01nhl adaptation.
In January 2018, Haruhan Hlx01 was included in the priority review process as a major specialized drug, while HHlx01 products applied for nhl adaptive, a clinical application for arthritis (ra) atrophy was submitted to cde, and a clinical release was obtained in April 2015.
In the second half of 2018, the beds are expected to enter the clinical iii.
Figure 9: Development progress on Hlx01 in Hong Kong Clinical competition patterns  In terms of clinical progress, Kino-China resistance cd20 units are withdrawn due to clinical data regulation issues
Back in time, he declared production of dlbcl adaptives, the first in the country; the Katsuya cell and Shin are clinically stage three, and progress is more advanced. At the same time, he is the first in the country.
• China adds more than 40,000 non-Hoochkin lymphoma patients each year, but due to the high cost of the original drugs, only 20% of the patients are estimated to have access to the anti-cd20 target treatment by reference to the end-sale.
According to data published in China's Annual Register of Oncology, the incidence of malignant lymphoma from 2003 to 2013 is around 10 of the most common tumours in the country.
5.10 million. According to the most recent version of the Acticsinchina, 2015, the number of people is 2009 - 1, of whom 53,000 are men and 35,200 are women. The lymphoma can be divided by tissue pathology into Hodgkin lymphoma (hl) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (nhl), of which hymphoma accounts for lymphoma.
The lymphoma (dlbcl) is the most common type of nhl, accounting for 30 to 40 per cent of the adult population in the West, generally more than 40 per cent in Asian countries and about 35 per cent in our country.
In 2011, an analysis of a sample of 1002 cases, conducted jointly by 24 centres, showed that dlbdl accounted for 45.8% of all nhl and 40.1% of all lymphoma in China.
Filtered lymphoma (fl) is the most common inert lymphoma in the European and American regions, accounting for about 20-30 per cent of the incidence of nhl, with low prevalence in Asia, including China, at less than 10 per cent of nhl and a median morbidity age of 60.
▪ According to the Chinese Guide to Diagnosis and Treatment of Diagnosis of the Diagnosis and Treatment of lymphoma in Massive B Cells (2013 Edition), the clinically recommended first-line treatment programme for dlbcl is 6-8 sessions of r-chop21 (Litusha monoantiphostomide+alysin+prosin+Phenisson); according to the Chinese Diagnoses of malignant lymphoma
The standard first-line treatment programme for fl (2015 edition), which is a barter anti-combined chemotherapy programme, has a variety of options, and none of them has been proven to significantly prolong the patient’s total life (os).
cll/sll: Chronic lymphocytes leukemia/Little lymphocytes lymphoma; fl: leachate lymphoma; dlbcl: hyperplastic large b cell lymphoma; lbl: lymphoma; ptcl: outer lymphoma: enkl: outer nk/t cell lymphoma nasal type; ed: based on a litol-resistance note, the dose of hymnl was 375 mg/m2 for an adult level.
The average surface area is 1.5 ~ 2 m2 and the dose used for one treatment is 563 ~ 750 mg, i.e., 100 mg/10ml/bottle 6 ~ 8 units per batch, taking into account the latest negotiated price for health insurance, and the cost of one treatment course is 15,000 ~ 20,000 yuan. The total cost of six treatment sessions for one patient is 9 to 120,000.
irra adaptive: Clinically, the rectangular resistance associated with metalycerin is applied to patients with moderate-to-heavy active rheumatism in adults who have inadequate response to one or more tnf antagonists. Due to the current limited penetration of tnfa in the country, there are short-term adaptations to ra.
▪ Core variables and assumptions: City occupancy: eventual import substitution, with the highest share of the country's production market with lead time and sales capacity.
According to the National Gold Medicine "5d3s" drug assessment model, we're predicting a single anti-similar drug peak of 1.4 billion yuan and a corresponding dcf valuation of 3.5 billion yuan.
▪ 1. We believe that companies have long proven their capabilities on the basis of business operations. Whether it is based on integration after M & As, on increasing the synergy and strength of the entire medical community, or on sustained R & D investment in long-term thinking about the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven their excellence in the pharmaceutical industry at different levels.
The company has the genes to grow into an international first-class pharmaceutical company. In contrast to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company in the international arena, which is inconsistent with China’s overall national power.
1) First, the company ' s long-term and efficient R & D investment to drive innovation. In the context of the global biologics & biosimilar rapid development, the company, after many years of operation, has built a solid product line and became the leader of the country ' s biosimilar, with a layout.
Bio-innovation medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, which create a system of independent research and development and production, lead to the booming development of Chinese bio-pharmaceuticals and are expected to take their place on the international market.) Second, companies are born with genes that become bigpharma.
To become a top-class global pharmaceutical company, it must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, and to build up an excellent M & As team from the start.
China has recently joined the Ich, China's entire drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interface, and the Chinese market has become more comfortable with international resources!
Third, an excellent management team and talent-selection development system. Starting in 16 years, rein Xinxing was the president of the former Jiangsuwan State, Wu Yi Fung, who started selling and built the country, which was different from the previous president's investment in the long term.
They think that the restar medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of the restar medicine, optimizes resource allocation, and improves operating efficiency. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the big molecule biopharmaceuticals, with a small share in it.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs. 1) Bio-like drugs for cd20 targets, the first biological drug to be introduced in China as a biosimilar, have submitted cfda rolling applications and are expected to make a breakthrough in the course of the year;
2) The three-stage clinical progress of biologically similar drugs for her 2 target points is steady and it is expected that core data will be available and production declared in the second half of 18 years. 3) As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to be in the first half of 18 years.
Completing the clinical declaration of cd19car-t. 4) Reorganizing insulin for humans, recombining glyclin, restructuring three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, and it is expected that key data will be available in the course of the year.
5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: Synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1.
The M&As are below expectations, and the M&As are below expectations. The M&As have proven their excellence in M&As, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A project.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment