China State Air, Zhao Xudong, the civil aviation climate has continued to rise, and the company's 3q has succeeded in turning it into a profit.
Increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period of year; net return to the mother recorded a gain of $790 million, which was reversed to 11.7 per cent in 2019; net loss after deduction was $873 million and non-recurring gain or loss included compensation for the operation of the aircraft of $1.3 billion; out of this, 3q won $45.86 billion in the single quarter, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period in 2019; net return to the mother was net.
Rations of $4.24 billion were recorded, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same period in 2019; net profits after deductions were recorded at $4.07 billion, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the same period in 2019, mainly because of the heat of the summer civil aviation industry, which rose at a very high price, and the company ' s 3qth battalion, which reached a new high during the same period.
The current revenue of $45,860 million was the highest in the same period in history, mainly due to: volume, the high demand for the summer vacation this year, the increase in the cumulative number of air carriers by 7.4 per cent compared to the same period in 2019, while the company was actively engaged during the reporting period, ask (km in use), rpk (km in revenue) compared to 2019
During the same period of year, we measured a 14.24% increase in the per capita income of 3q in the same period in 2019, and a significant increase in the company’s fare during the season. Profitability is considerable, and the net profit of 3q in the first quarter is reversed: as the aircraft's use increases,
In summary, the company's net profit after the first quarter of 3q23 is $4.07 billion, up from the same period in 2019, the civil aviation industry has recovered significantly, and subsequent company profits have remained relatively high. Civil aviation travels this year are ahead of pre-epidemiological levels, needs are released further during the two-week period in October, and passengers are transported daily on average.
This represents an increase of 12.6% over the 2019 National Days; data for non-false holidays have also largely recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, with a clear recovery in the civil aviation industry as a whole and a clear certification of company performance. In the short term, 40 are traditionally light seasons, and it is expected that the AFS quarterly data will fall.
A step-by-step increase in the number of shifts will result in a further increase in the use of the company’s wide-body machine, with an improvement in unit costs that we expect to be flexible or released next year. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the bottom zone of civil aviation has passed, and residents return to pre-epidemiological levels.
Given the pace of recovery of international lines, this year’s profit forecast has been revised downwards. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.