Non-financial first coverage report - integrated whole-of-the-industry chain operations, with potential benefits from a return to power; investment rating: increase (first time)
The whole industry is expected to benefit from a steady return in power. China Rough has a chip design, cover, \triangleright Gorsing.
The whole industry chain of modelling, crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc., is divided into two major business segments: product and programme, manufacturing and services, mainly using the idm model. In this case, product and programme operations focus on power semiconductors, smart sensors, and smart control, and manufacturing and service operations provide external modelling,
Crystal circle manufacturing and encapsulation tests. 2024q1 begins, power semiconductors are largely finished at the inventory stage, most power semiconductor companies have reduced their stock turnover days, the Māori rate returns at the end of the year, and the industry is gradually warming.
\triangleright further expands its sales in auto electronics, industry, ai servers, etc.
New customers; bulk delivery of car-based products for power aggregates, heat management, obc, etc. In 2024, Igbt successfully developed a new generation of G7 platforms based on a 12-inch line, with a high international level of performance versus markers. Hua Yuu has taken the lead in launching 750v high-performance products in the industry, steadily increasing in the light-storage market. In addition, a 12-inch line has been developed successfully.
A new generation of g7 platforms, with international first-class performances, manufacturing and services: a unique process platform, which provides one-stop services. A unique and customised crystal circle manufacturing service, the bcd and mems process technology platform is more competitive.
Test, encapsulation, final product testing, complete semiconductor encapsulation processes, and multi-class testing processes such as simulations, numbers, and mixed signals. The subsidiary does not use the Synthesis for modelling. The 90-40nm technology platform has been completed, and 90nm products are delivered in quantities.
Maintained at more than 98%, with almost 100% delivery on time, and a two-fold lead in technology production. 52, 38 times.
With the combined capacity of China's entire industrial chain, the product lines are growing and are expected to benefit from a steady recovery in the industry, covering for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating. Products and programs: Focus on Shenzhen and Chongqing, two 12-inch production lines, and speed up the development of the product lines.
Actively expanding markets, of which mosfet products are expanding in the areas of auto electronics, industry, i-server, etc., we expect to accelerate the iterative and serialization of the mosfet technology platform in the future.
Performance bcd, new generation hvic, cmos-mems single chip IPI ink printing head, etc. Technology leads. The main clients of the sealed process platform and the technology portals are expanding, with advanced (plp) operations, power encapsulation, the power plant industry becoming more stable and stocks returning to a reasonable water level. 2024q1
At the end of this period, most power semiconductor companies have reduced their stock turnover days, Māori rates recovered at the end, and industry or step by step products and programmes: technology platforms have accelerated and the product mix has been enriched. In the future, mosfet products have expanded their sales in the areas of automobiles, electronics, industry, ai servers, etc.
More than 70% of the electronics of the car will continue to be imported into the future as new customers with charge-on-posts and car regulations. Manufacturing and services: provision of niche and customised crystal round manufacturing services, bcd, mems process technology platforms are more competitive. Sheltering surrogate services are now completed with 90-40nm technology platform, 90nm
Research and development for new products is proceeding at a slower pace than expected, downstream demand is falling short of expectations, and industry competition is increasing.
China Yuwa is a semiconductor company that has an integrated whole industry chain of chip design, masking, crystallization, sealing tests, etc. The company's main business is divided into product and programme, manufacturing and services, and operates mainly on the idm model.
In the areas of body, intelligent sensors and smart control, the manufacturing and service operations are the external provision of magnified masking, crystal-crystal manufacturing Products and programme plates are divided into three main operations: 1) power semiconductors: power devices, powerics, simulations, arrays.
There are mosfet, igbt, sbd, frd, bjt, crd, sic, gan, etc.; power ic mainly consists of various types of power-driven chips, power management chips, etc. The company owns crmicro, crystals, etc., autonomously developed medium- and low-pressure trough mos, sjmos, sbd, frd, gbt platform, and the technical level of the associated modular and system application programme.
2) Smart control products: These can be classified as human interactive mcu, metering mcu, generic mcu, safety mcu, based on mainstream process platforms such as otp, mtp, flashcós, covering 4, 8, 16 and 32 cpu kernels, downstream applications including human interaction, consumer electronics, industrial control, metrology, etc.
3) Smart sensor products: divided into mems sensors (mainly pressure, temperature and humidity sensors), smoke sensors, manufacturing and service plates are divided into three main operations: 1) crystal round manufacturing: the company owns 1 8 inch tinless and 3 6 inches semiconductor crystal production lines;
In Chongqing, there are 1 8-inch production lines. According to the 2024 report, 8-inch crystal manufacturing capacity is about 140,000 pieces per month, and 6-inch crystal manufacturing capacity is about 230,000 pieces per month. In addition, each of Chongqing and Shenzhen has a 12-inch crystal production line, which is currently on-board 2) cover testing: there are complete semiconductor seal production processes and multiple semiconductors such as simulations, numbers, mixed signals, etc.
Experimental production process. This covers a series of processes such as traditional ic encapsulation, power device encapsulation, modular encapsulation, advanced panel-level encapsulation, light coupling, mems-encapsulation, etc. 3) masking operations: a masked production line in tin-free areas, equipped with fully equipped photo masked manufacturing equipment, excellent crafts
In 1983, the company’s predecessor, HKS, was founded to create the country’s first four-inch crystalline. In 1999, a semiconductor was set up to open the foreman.
In 2001, the Hua Yunchang Unit was established and electronic design operations were established. In 2003, the 6-inch crystal circle production line was established, and in the same year, the 8-inch crystal round production line was established. In 2009, the 8-inch crystal circle production line was established. In 2019, the Jaguar electronics were acquired to open up a car-class encapsulation operation. In 2020, it was placed on the market. In 2022, the 12-inch crystal ring manufacturing line was re-elected.
Year after year, high-end masked production lines were put into operation, and Shenzhen’s 12-inch-specific integrated circuits created production lines.
Moreover, China’s Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund holds 1.99% of the company’s shares, highlighting the company’s importance in the semiconductor chain.
On the subsidiary side, the China-Yonju, Hua-Yunko, Hua-Yun semiconductor are mainly engaged in chip design. The non-Tianhua-Yu-Yu-Yu-Xi electron, Yu-Pun semiconductor are mainly involved in crystal manufacturing. Of these, Yun-Xi-Wei electronics operates a 12-inch power semiconductor crystalline, and the Yu-Pun semiconductor operates 12 in the Shenzhen.
China Yunchang, China Yunseng, China Yussai, and Valium are mainly engaged in encapsulation testing. China Yushu crystals, Chongqing Huawei are engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing services for semiconductor products. Companies are manufacturing in long triangles, Chengjing, and the Great Bay, where long triangles are mainly tinless, Shanghai, including ic design services, crystal circle and sealing bases, and third generation manufacturing bases.
Semiconductor R & D and manufacturing bases, holding platforms, investment platforms, etc.; the two cities of Chengjing are mainly marked by Chongqing, where R & D design, manufacturing and sealing bases are built around power devices; the Great Bay region includes Sensor R & D Centers, 12-inch special power integrated circuit manufacturing and R & D bases, marketing and application service centres, etc.
Many executives have a deep semiconductor industry accumulation. Many executives of the company are from semiconductors, the chairman of which is Mr. Ho Xiaolong, who is a Master of Microelectronics and Solid Electronics from the University of Electronic Technology, and the vice president, Mr. Ma We Qing, and Mr. Fan, who are all semiconductors.
1.2. Profitability is expected to recover, rising by 33.63 per cent in the same year, mainly in 2017, with the acquisition of Chongqing Huahuahua and the increase in the scale of its business, coupled with a high-intensity semiconductor industry, a strong demand from downstream customers and a sustained increase in the competitiveness of its products.
Annual revenues of $5,743 million, a decrease of 8.42 per cent, mainly due to the low global semiconductor market climate in 2019, companies) 2020-2021, with high downstream demand, such as consumer electronics, tight supply chains, and optimized corporate product structures.
Controllable opportunities, rich product lines, and optimized product structure. In 2021, $9,249 million was collected, 32.56 per cent more than the previous year, net profit was 2,268 million, or 135.34 per cent more than the previous year, mainly due to a good market climate, full orders, and high capacity utilization. But growth declined from the same year in 2021, and demand for the end slowed down, but companies pushed product applications to work.
The semiconductor sector shows a moderate recovery. Products and programmes, manufacturing and services each account for about half of the revenue. In 2024, products and programmes, manufacturing and services, and other business products and programmes received 2,683 million yuan, of which the power, semiconductors, intelligent sensors, smart controls, and other ic products.
In 2018, 35.72 billion yuan were collected for manufacturing and services, of which crystal crystals, temporary pressure on profitability, and 2025 q1 power devices, with a similar rate of heat, industry or recovery. In 2024, the company came into operation as a result of high-end masking plants, resulting in a marked increase in monthly depreciation and a fall in the price of products of type ic, but power devices.
In recent years, the company’s R & D costs have been largely growing, with 10756 employees, including 4298 R & D technicians, at the end of 2024.
As of the end of 2024, the company had 2352 patents, of which the inventions were 1980 or 84%. In terms of capital spending, there were more investments in 2023, mainly in two 12-inch crystallines, sealing bases, etc.
In 2024 and 2025q1, the downstream applications of the product and the programme plate converged substantially, with automobiles accounting for 5 per cent, lighting 4 per cent, and smart apparel, medical and other services 7 per cent.
Figure 22: Lower-stream terminals of company products and programmes 2024 and 2025q1 1.3. Automobile electrons + 12 inches of line growth or benefit from industry climate stability. Automobile electronic solutions are growing in abundance and are expected to be important growth points in performance.
Car regulation and modular products such as sicmos, poweric, etc., have been integrated into the supply chain system of domestic head car companies and car zero tier1 through a combination of products, and are used for power control, body electronics, and smart driving aids. Companies are actively developing their layout in the area of “electric + battery + power” applications, expanding from peripheral to core products in the area of automobile electronics.
The 12-inch crystalline rises, laying a solid foundation for future growth. Chongqing’s 12-inch production line will accelerate mid- and low-pressure.
The 12-inch production line in Shenzhen, which was connected at the end of 2024, is now on an energy climb in the next two years, with more than 90 nm platforms imported and more than 55/40 nm products successfully imported, covering high-performance power and high-end process products such as mcu, and displaying drivers, bluetooths, etc.
In terms of industry climates, power companies have gradually stabilized, and China is expected to benefit. 2020q3-2021q2, Consumer Electronics Replenishment Stock, and rapid growth in demand in industry and automobiles, coupled with tight global capacity supply, declining stock weeks for power semiconductors, and rising Māori rates. 2021q3-2023q4, with a peak, the industrial chain is entering the stock-down phase.
Starting at 2024q1, the stock run-off days for most power semiconductor companies have been reduced, and the Maori rate has recovered at the end, power semiconductor industries or gradually warming.
2.1. The global power plant market has grown steadily, and domestic manufacturers have stepped up to track power semiconductors for power conversion. Power semiconductors are semiconductors for power control and conversion, mainly for “power conversion”, and their effect is in three ways: 1) direct flow (dc, directcurrent) and communication (ac,alternating)
The power semiconductor can be divided into a power ic, a separation device, and a module in which power ic is the product of a combination of electrical and microelectronics technology.
, integrate power devices and their power drive circuits, protect circuits, interface circuits, etc. into chips; the power separation devices consist mainly of diodes, transistors, transistors (bipolar transistors, mosfet, igbt); the power module is a module that binds the power device to a certain function.
Idm controls the production process as a whole, with an internal integration of the process and a cost-control advantage. Power semiconductor is a unique process product, which does not seek extreme linear width and does not comply with Moore's law. The current process of power semiconductor devices is stable at 90 nm - 0.35 m. The mode of operation of the power devices is the Idm and the Fables, of which the Idm and the Fables are independently finished chips.
Design, crystal circle manufacture, sealing, etc., with process internal integration, cost-control advantages; and the abilitys focus on chip power devices that are used in new energy vehicles to drive primary motors, body electrons, charge posts. In new energy vehicles, the vehicle charger (obc) will exchange electrical input into the vehicle battery, and the power device in obc is used to adjust input currents and voltage.
In addition, a dc-dc converter is required to depress from a battery to generate 42v power for temperature control, power switching, etc., and to provide 14v or 12v power for a brush, electric window, audio and navigation system.
Power devices are widely used for power control, new energy, and household power to achieve power/mechanical control. In the industrial field, power semiconductors are used to drive power, control robotics and automated production lines, such as igbt and mosfet, to regulate power speed in transformers. In domestic appliances, power semiconductors are used mainly for power management, electrical control and temperature control, such as frequency changers.
Power reconciliations in air conditioning and compressor control in refrigerators, microwaves and electromagnetic stoves. In wind and solar systems, mainly for inverters and recharge controllers. According to British fliers, the value of power semiconductors in wind power is approximately 2000~3500 Euro/mw, or 2240~3920/mw (the same value according to Euro: US$ = 1.12); and in photovoltaics.
At a value of about 1,500 ~ 5,000 euros/mw, the contract is 1680 ~ 5600 US dollars/mw; the global power plant market is growing steadily at the single value of electric car chargers, and is expected to grow at 5 ~ 10% in the coming year. The global new energy vehicle market in 2021 is rapidly permeating, while the demand for new energy sources, such as photovoltaic and wind power, is high. According to yole, the global power split device and the power model are based on global power.
The total market size of the block amounted to $19.2 billion, an increase of about 12 per cent over the same period, $20.9 billion in 2022, an increase of about 9 per cent over the same period, and the projected capr for 2022-2028 was about 8 per cent. In 2023, China combined split devices and modules accounted for about 46 per cent of the power semiconductor, of which mosfet, power diode, and igbt accounted for the bulk. In 2022, China accounted for the bulk of sales.
Cars, industry, mobile phones, and consumption are the main applications markets for power devices, which are expected to increase at the highest rate in the future. According to yole data, the market for vehicles was $8.1 billion, or 38 per cent, in downstream applications of power devices in 2022;
Industry has a market size of $6.6 billion, or 32 per cent; mobile phones and consumption have a market size of $5.2 billion, or 25 per cent. The demand to benefit from car electricization is estimated to be about $16.7 billion in 2028, compared to 13 per cent in 2022-2028, with the highest rate of increase in downstream applications.
Foreign brands, represented by British Flying, Ansomé, and ISFs, account for a major share of the global market for power devices through technological accumulation and talent. According to omdia, the top three manufacturers of global power devices in 2023 accounted for 21%, and 21%, respectively, respectively.
9%, 8%, cr3 38%, cr5 46%. With domestic policy guidance and industry financing, the technology gap between domestic brands and offshore is closing, but the overall market share is still missing.
Mosfet is used to achieve high-speed switches that apply to consumer products in the range of medium and small power. mosfet consists of two abbreviations: mos (metal oxidation semiconductor, metal oxides) and fet (fieldeffecttransistor field effect transistor), which uses field effects from input circuits to control the output of circuits.
In the structure of mosfet, two electrodes are source poles (sources) and leak poles (drain), forming circuits between source poles and leak poles by changing the grid g (gate) voltage, controlling transistors and disconnections.
Sequestration technology that transforms the conductive channel from horizontal to vertical and improves current processing capacity, mainly in the low-pressure area; sgt introduces a level depletion based on the traditional vertical exhaustion of the trough pn, and acquires a higher level of shock-through voltage, mainly for medium- and low-pressure areas; and sj keeps the p-body structure of the plane structure down, running almost through the outer stretch, ensuring that it is sufficient to hit the voltage.
The global mosfet market in 2022 was estimated to be about $9.9 billion and cagr in 2022-2028 was projected to be about 10 per cent. According to yole data, the global power mosfet market in 2022 was about $9.9 billion, of which the silicon-based power mosfet split, the sicomsfet module, the silicon-based power mosfet module, the sicumfet split device
The scale is estimated at 83, 12, 3 and 80 million United States dollars, with cagr projected to be about 10 per cent in 2022-2028, of which the sic mosfet separation device is the fastest growing, with cagr estimated to be 49 per cent in 2022-2028. Speeding up the mosfet technology platform's iterative and serialization, with China's portfolio of microproducts enriched. mosfet market
The main share is held in foreign brands in 2022 in the global Silicon-based mosfet market, where the market shares of British flyers, Ansomé, and the Irasan semi-cargo were 29%, 13%, 8%, and cr 3 about 50%, respectively. In 2023 in the Chinese market of mosfet, China Yum was ranked third in the 8% market. In 2024, China Yuen mosfet was further expanded in automobile electronics and industrials.
In the area of low- and medium-pressure mosfet, medium-pressure low-pressure vehicle regulation mosfet has a complete product sequence and is delivered on a scale in a number of key applications, such as vehicle chargers, car lamps, domain controls, pumps, etc.; company characteristics: process wide soa and pmos have delivered bulk to customers such as ai servers, wind turbines, bms, etc.: an advanced 12-inch worker on board
Arts advantages, the product parameters of the low- and medium-pressure g5 and g6 platforms at international level. In high-pressure mosfet, the product series of the flat and overstretched moss series has been sequenced from 250v to 1,200v over-voltage platforms, with all the over-cover power devices to be 2.3.igbt: mainly for industrial & auto electrons, self-built 12 inches of line enhancement.
The global igbt market size was about 6% in 2022-2028, with growth mainly from the igbt module. The igbt can be understood as a bipolar transistor connected to the bottom of power mosfet, which can also be turned on at high speeds under relatively high voltage. Since the mid-1990s, the flat has been replaced by a ditch type, which means opening a ditch on silicon.
Slots, grid electrodes formed in ditches, increasing the density of host particles below the poles and reducing conductive resistance. According to yole, the global gbt market was about $6.6 billion in 2022, of which the gbt separation device and the gbt module were about $1.6 billion and $5 billion, respectively, and the global gbt market was expected to be about $9.4 billion in 2028, and caagr 2022-2028.
The main sources of growth are the igbt module, which is used mainly for industrial & auto electrons, with 12 inches of linear booster performance. The igbt separation devices are used mainly for small-power household power, distributed photovoltaic converters, and small-power variants, with a market of igbt separation devices of 45% in 2022.
The igbt module is used mainly in the areas of high power transformers, welders, new energy vehicles, centralized photovoltaics, 56% in 2022. The ratio of gbt module & ipm market cr3 is over 70% in industry (with photovoltage) and car electronics. Of this, the charger post is used to supply head customers and to import new customers on a continuous basis.
In addition, the successful development of a new generation of g7 platforms based on a 12-inch line, with performance at international first-rate levels. 2.4. Third-generation semiconductor: sic, ggan global layout.
Third generation semiconductor high pressure, high temperature, and high frequency. Semiconductor material with a restricted bandwidth greater than or equal to 2.3 electric sub-volt (ev) is usually defined as a third generation semiconductor material, consisting mainly of silicone carbide, nitrous americium, diamonds, zinc oxide, aluminium nitrogen, etc., where silicon carbonide and nitrous sulfon are mature and enter the industrial phase, while other materials are still being studied.
The third generation of semiconductor materials has the advantage of high heat conductivity, high impact penetration, high saturation and electronic drift rate, and high-key co-opt, for example, silicon carbonization, which has a significant advantage in high-pressure, high-temperature and high-frequency areas, and is widely applied to medium- and high-pressure power devices above 650v, especially for applications of 1000v and above, such as new power-driven vehicle power systems, photovoltaic reverses.
Third-generation semiconductor products are technologically advanced, with extensive downstream applications. According to yole, the global sic device market in 2022 was $2.15 billion, with the top five firms accounting for 83% of the total, and the offshore manufacturers started earlier, in carbon.
Simultaneous silicon liners, device components, have a pre-emptive advantage. China Yum has built the country's first 6-inch production line using the idm model, and has developed its own sicjbs and moss product platforms. The main thrusts are currently jbsg3 and mosg2 with in-house-led power density and parameter performance, including 650v/1200v/1700v voltage platforms, with product specifications and broad-based coverage.
It is used in areas such as obc, photo-storage reversals, charge-posts, server power sources. On the other hand, China Yuwa offers both d-mode and e-mode products, with voltage covering 30-9000v, which are widely applied in mobile phone fasts, electric vehicle chargers, mini-reversers, outdoor storage, photovoltaic reverses, efficient server power, communications power.
Manufacturing and services: a one-stop shop platform providing one-stop service China Yuu has focused on the provision of a model for identity, custom-made processes, crystal round manufacturing, a one-stop shop for containment tests, and the security of the customer supply chain.
The uniquely simulated crystal-crystal platform is more competitive. The company launched the super-pressure 1.0/0.8 μm 700v bcd process platform in the first mainland and took the lead in measuring production with the country’s first high-pressure soi process platform, with a large-scale production line. In 2024, the company 0.11 mmmcmos, 0.11 mmbcd, a new generation 0.15 m high performance bcd, a new generation of hvic, cmos-mems
Multiple technology platform products, such as monochip integrated inkjet printing, enter risk volume products, and technical platforms such as 0.18 msoibcd, 0.15 mm high reliability bcd, 0.15 m high performance cmos are published.
There are complete semiconductor encapsulation processes, as well as multiple test processes such as simulations, numbers, and mixed signals.
The company has set up production bases in Si, Shenzhen, Dong-chung, Chongqing, and the products are widely used in black and white home power, communications, and industry, without the ability to produce Sidis micro-technology leading the way. China Rought has been working as a model worker without Siddiz, and has now completed the 90-40nm technological platform and 90nm product delivery.
Under the circumstances, the success rate of the new products under cover has been maintained at more than 98 per cent, delivery on time is close to 100 per cent, and technological output is both ahead of schedule 4. Profit forecasting and rating Products and programmes: focusing on the Shenzhen and Chongqing 12-inch production lines, accelerating the development of the product lines and actively expanding them
The market, in which the mosfet product is expanding in the areas of auto electron, industry, i servers, etc., we expect that in the future, we will be able to take full advantage of the technological lead of the 12-inch power crystalline and accelerate the iterative and serialization of the mosfet technology platform.
Accelerating the development and upscaling of the igbt module. The third generation of the restricted band semiconductors, poweric, smart sensors and intelligent control products will continue to grow in the area of motor electronics and new energy. The projected growth rates in 2025-2027 are 13.55%, 12.20%, manufacturing and services: 0.11mmcmos, 0.11mbcd, and the new generation 0.15m high-performance bcd,
The new generation of Hvic, cmos-mems monochip integrated inkjet printheads is leading the technology of many platforms. The masters of the containment platform want the client and the technology community to expand and achieve large-scale mass production through advanced (plp) operations, power sealing operations, etc. In the case of the masking project, accelerate the upgrading of the technical capabilities of the mask, enhance the production capacity of the 90-40nm process and boost the internal and external 12 inches.
Yangjie Technology, Star Semiconductor, and New Clean Energy are mainly engaged in the production of power semiconductor devices and are selected as comparable companies. The net profits from China ' s micro-diversion are expected to be 9.59, 12.05, 1.65 billion yuan in 2025-2027, an increase of 25.80 per cent in the same year, a steady recovery in industry, and a first-time coverage, with an “enhancement” rating.
The risk that research and development of new products will be less advanced than expected: due to the technical difficulties of the project, the progress of partners and changes in client demand, there may be delays in the project, which will affect the planned up-scaling of related new products. Downstream demand will be less than expected: the company’s products downstream include a large number of cars, wind power, photovoltaics, industrial controls, consumption, etc.
Downstream demand may fall short of expectations if some industries have a downward climate. Risks of increased competition in the industry: competition patterns in power industries are more fragmented, and if some manufacturers adopt aggressive market strategies, Appendix: Summary of financial projections
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.