In 2024, the semi-annual reviews reported a steady increase in profitability, and Xu + 0.7 pct, a research assistant.
In the first half of the year, investment in grid infrastructure was higher than +23.7%, and investment in grids was higher. The company's basic grid was solid, smart grids/numbers could melt, the grids were not yet operational, and we expect the smart grids to be ready for delivery in the second half of the year.
It is expected that revenue/profits will accelerate. The number of businesses that benefit from the expansion of the net security, the informationization of production operations, etc., will be able to integrate faster growth of the plates, and it is expected that the year-round growth will be sustained.
The company’s direct-flow operations will benefit fully from a sustained increase in soft-infiltration rates in priority projects such as the sea-in-the-sea switch of valves in Jiang Sankshan Island.  The off-grid light storage operations contribute to high growth, and the wheels go out to the sea in due course. 1) Corporate income off 24h1 net.
+33%, Māori rate 23.27%, same year +1.7%pc, mainly based on the firm ' s aggressive expansion of storage energy, photovoltaics etc., the winning wine and steel smart energy control centre, the Aluminium smart energy regulation centre class storage facility, etc., projects to promote grid regulation technology + electrical electronics technology in the off-grid market, year-round
We expect to maintain a high rate of growth in offline operations. 2) 24h1 overseas revenues of 831 million yuan, i.e. +93 per cent, corporate international acceleration. Products such as storage power, statcom, straight-flow security, straight-stream control, etc. have achieved breakthroughs in overseas markets and continue in the context of the Saudi “2030 Vision”
Increased investment in infrastructure, such as electricity grids, the company's role as the leading power company in the country, the product arrays, everything, the Saudis, all along the country, are expected to become an important incremental market for the company.
2024 Quarterly: Performance meets market expectations, high-quality development is robust.  Sustained investment at the research and development end, strong hand orders, and a robust growth base. Company 24h1 period
State Electric Swe (600406): Tri-quarter report 2023: Stocktaking: Performance in line with market expectations, good for companies  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain net profit returns for 24-26 years, respectively
The three major financial forecasting tables of the State Tenan and Swe, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.