The performance of 24h1 increased steadily, with new breakthroughs in the domestic and foreign markets \triangleright billion, an increase of 10.21 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 2.709 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year; net non-repatriation profit
Two hundred and twenty-two million, an increase of 8.05 per cent over the same period. In a single quarter, 24q2 companies earned 12,416 million, up from \triangleright, which worked together to achieve new breakthroughs in domestic and foreign markets.
\triangleright static compensation devices, collecting terminals, etc., have further increased their share of the net collection, winning major projects such as the Tibetan network svg, the Mundong Power Market, Jiangsu Distribution Station, Shandong Taian Repository, and Shanghai pms3.0.
Dang Youngkang, the winning wine and steel smart energy control centre, the Aluminium smart energy control centre and storage power, the Nemon Gug distribution camera, the Liaoning reservoir dam safety monitoring, the flavour prefabricated module framework, and so on.
In the international market, Saudi storage power and static synchronisers, Pakistan's Mera direct flow control system, Brazil's control system, etc., were successfully signed, winning Saudi adms system carriers, etc. The 24h1 company signed a new contract totalling $28.7 billion.
The company invested $1,244 million in research and development, an increase of 14.79 per cent. Of this, the world's first static sync.
Direct-flow transmission works online. The first environmental 126kv fast circuit breaker in the world is developed, Lee Hyo Peng is developed, and the grid is safe and stable to adapt to emergency control systems and prototypes under uncertain conditions. The storage systems developed are robust.
The new storage power that supports Liaoning's global lead power grid is blackened to launch a large-capacity electric power plant experiment in the city's electricity grid, which is guaranteed by the research assistant Xu Joon-chul, whose general voltage and frequency are stable, with 4500v/3000aigbt hanging online and operating smoothly at the Gusu Current Exchange.
4500v 5000aigbt passed a full field test, 12mw high-capacity wind currents were delivered online, with core products leading the industry. Investment advice: companies are secondary power grids, super high voltage, electricity intelligence digitalization, smart matching.
\triangleright: 23h1 performance meets expectations and orders grow robustly
Quarterly evaluation of the year 023: performance growth is in line with expectations, sustained innovation consolidates the vanguard position of 2023/04/28 Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.