Reverser tap, creating a closed-ring ecosystem of light plus storage plus car - Sunlight power first-time coverage report, Reverse transformer tap, distributed + continuous power in overseas markets:
The company, which focuses on photovoltaic converters, has been working on technological improvements and programmatic optimization, from the old European-American rivals to the current international leadership. Global shipments have remained at the forefront, growing rapidly in 2017 from the distribution pattern, 15gw in the third quarter of 2017.
The 13th Five-Year Plan clearly states that by the end of 2020, the number of distributed domestic loaders will reach 60gw, with great potential for the development of distributed power plants. At the same time, companies have developed good branding and channel advantages over many years of overseas distribution.
The power station integration system is growing rapidly, with a focus on the user-type distribution of photovoltaics: the company entered the station integration business in 2013 and invested $500 million in the establishment of the complex at the end of 2014.
Sunshine New Energy Technologies Ltd., specializing in photovoltaic power station development, investment, construction, and operation of pipelines. In recent years, the company has been awarded a number of photovoltaic “leader” base projects, setting the standard and model for our “leader” base; in the first half of 17 years, the company integrated its photovoltaic system.
The share has risen to 51.71%; there have been several projects to link up and spread across 11 poor districts in five provinces of the country. With reduced photovoltaic costs and the intervention of the financial model, the investment attributes of household fixed assets of the same type have been demonstrated, the time of household use is approaching, the company is in the process of becoming a company.
Taking advantage of their own transport and peacekeeping channels, they will benefit from the rapid growth of the industry. The “light + storage + vehicle” closed ecosystem is being built, with great scope for growth: the company is building the “light + storage + vehicle” closed ecosystem, with storage power, and new energy vehicles driven by the energy.
In addition, the company has made significant efforts to expand the market for new energy vehicles in the use of vehicles as new sources of energy.
Automobiles provide high-quality electrical control systems and load-and-distribution products. The company has now acquired the volume of cargo from the station, which allows vehicles to travel up to 400 million kilometres in aggregate.
The price is $26, which covers the first time that a “recommended” rating is given. 1, Reverse Leader, Distributed + Foreign Markets Keeping Active 1.1, Focusing on Photovoltaic Reverse Transversors, Capt.
Sunshine is a country-focused high-technology enterprise that focuses on research and development, production, marketing, and services for renewable energy sources, such as solar and wind energy. The main products are photovoltaic reverse transformers, wind currents, storage systems, electric motor controllers, and are dedicated to providing world-class solutions for photovoltaic power stations.
Over the past decade or so, the company has been working on autonomous innovations in electricity and electronics in new energy sectors, many of which have reached international leadership levels. In recent years, the company has been developing new businesses such as micro-grid storage, energy Internet, and key components of new energy vehicles, which are part of the country's 13th Five-Year Strategy.
The company was the first in the country to engage in reversible product R & D and was well-established, with domestic market ownership remaining the first in a row for many years, and the company Sma, which for the first time in a row in 2015 exceeded the world ' s first in number for many years, became the largest global producer of photovoltaic inverters, and within the industry, the brand name of the company was well known.
The company has been seeking technological improvements and programme optimization at various stages, from catching up with 90% of Europe and America's rivals a decade ago to launching 99%-of-the-line inverters, to keeping up with the world's advanced levels and steadily surpassing one of its peers. The photovoltaic inverter industry has been competing for a long time.
The industry landscape is now largely stable, and according to data published by ihsmarkitgloba, an international consulting information company, two pre-2016 Chinese and Sunshine power sources continue the global pattern of 2015, with a clear lead with second-tier firms, and a future oligopolistic competitive market will be further strengthened.
This leap, we believe, is a clear blueprint for the company ' s future plans and a huge market space for the future, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in recent years, becoming a global leader in the photovoltaic reverse transformer industry.
During the first half of 2017, the policy-driven domestic photovoltaic market grew faster, corporate operating income, business costs increased steadily, and overseas markets and distributed power station systems integrated operations continued to be better. Companies achieved business income of $3.54.13 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 48.68 per cent, compared with 48.68 per cent.
From January to September 2017, the distributed light-voltage machine was 15gw, representing about 36% of the total installed capacity, an increase of more than 300% over the same period. The 13th Five-Year Plan clearly states that by the end of 2020, the number of distributed domestic installed machines reached 60gw, with great potential for the development of distributed power plants.
The Global Solar Market Outlook 2016-2020, released by SolarPurope, shows that the global photovoltaic market will continue to grow in size in the future, with additional installed capacity expected to exceed 120 gw in 2020, when cumulative capacity will reach 700 gw, exceeding by three times the cumulative installed capacity of 230 gw at the end of 2015.
In 2016, the company delivered about 11.1gw, of which 9,885.2mw was recorded in the country, an increase of 27.84% in the same year, and 1,216.6mw abroad, an increase of 3.58% in the same year, and the company continued to maintain its position as the world’s leading producer. The company was firmly in the country’s photovoltaic transformer, with market ownership remaining at 30% left.
The right, and in particular the inverter business, also benefits from the successful expansion of overseas markets, which are widely applied in more than 50 countries and regions, including Germany, Italy, Spain, the United States, Australia and others, directly benefiting from this year’s industrial boom, driven by a strong domestic demand.
The power station integration system is growing rapidly, with the station integration operations focusing on the user-type distribution of photovoltaics 2.1, epc+bt becoming the second pillar of the company. Sun power originated in 2013 when it entered the station integration operation and invested $500 million in composting by the end of 2014
Building on its technological advantages, the company has made great progress, making the station integration business the company’s second profit point. The company’s 50-megawatt smart photovoltaic power station, which was built by Shanxi and the Phosphor “leader” base, has succeeded in generating electricity.
To become the country's largest high-voltage light-voltage power station, which is now installed, followed by a pilot project on the solar springs, Jinning, and two light, which sets the standard and model for our photo-voltage “leader” base. With regard to the fight against poverty, in the first half of 2017, the company successfully integrated into a number of photo-volt pro-poor demonstration projects, the main project is the project.
Total installed capacity of the project in 11 poor districts in the 5 provinces of Anhui, Shandong, Hubei, Jiangxi and Hebei over 470 mw; company power station development model bt in 2016 about 500 mw and pec about 310 mw, company-owned operation of 270 mw, providing business income to the company of 3,285 million and expected integration of the company ' s power station system
Businesses can grow steadily over the long term. As a result of company management upgrades, the Māori rate of power station system operations rose from 14.9% in 2015 to 51.71% in the first half of 2017, and gross interest rates rose from 10.24% at the end of 2013 to 17.37% at the end of 2016.
The largest feature of the integrated operations was the strong involvement in photovoltaic projects for poverty alleviation, which accounted for 2.2 per cent in the first half of 2017, with a focus on household photovoltaics, which shifted from b2b to b2c, with reduced photovoltaic costs and financial model interventions, and the investment attributes of household fixed-assessed assets.
Household use is mainly based on the dealer model, and since August of this year, a comprehensive layout has been completed in Hubei, Henan, Shandong, Anhui, and Jiangsu. The company will benefit from rapid growth in the industry, taking advantage of its own access to peacekeeping channels.
The company has taken the lead in creating the Sunhome global brand, which enables households to use the photovoltaic market. According to the company's plan, it canals are designed to cover the city, county and town networks at the tertiary level and, in the short term, the network of agents in 10 provinces. There are 3,000 district distribution networks, and 100,000 township and village networks.
The largest share of the market is in China. The home-based light-voltage-led business expands from b to c, with high profitability, high growth, and elasticity that will contribute to company performance and valuation.3 The closed ring ecosystem of light-plus-car is being built, and it is expected to be revalued:
The energy storage industry is expected to start in the spring in 2015, with the active deployment of the company ' s energy storage industry, which, in partnership with the Samsung sdi, is actively developing the storage energy market with the advantages of three-star batteries and the integration of the company ' s systems. The company relies on the world ' s first-class lithium battery technology.
The company announced successively in April 2016 that it would work with COST and Shanxi to develop the building, respectively.
50mw/100mwh, 20mw/80mwh storage power station project; production of Sunshine Power Company Sunshine Power Company, Sunshine Power Company Ltd. on 8 July 2016, with an annual capacity of 2,000mwh electrical storage equipment, supply of lithium batteries, storage of energy inverters, storage of liquids for various projects such as the Twin Lake Micronet System, Gansugumgang 100mw light voltage station, etc.
The country’s accumulated capacity has been growing at a rate of 30% over the past three years, with a cumulative capacity of 106mw. In the future, as the state develops policies and technology to subsidize the storage capacity, the company’s reserves are expected to grow in volume, opening up market space.
With the accumulation and R & D advantages of a robust new energy power switching technology, companies have expanded their retro-changer applications to the new energy automobile industry, providing high-quality electrical control systems and vehicle-loaded distribution products for new energy vehicles.
For purely electric, medium-sized, small commercial vehicles and passenger, logistics, etc., the maximum efficiency was 98.5%, with the former major downstream customers being Ankay, Kim Long, Jiang Swo, and Motae. The company has now been certified by the auto industry Iso/ts16949 quality management system, and the related electrical control products have accumulated nearly 6,000 units.
Figure 11: The company's ktz 14x400sg type electrical controller applies to all types of passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles and special vehicles.
Construction and operation of new-energy auto charging stations, smart-charged stereo garages, photo-recharger facilities, chargeposts, etc.; distributed energy development and construction; and research on and demonstration of integrated innovative applications in the area of new-energy automobiles, a layout that allows companies to move down the industrial chain further.
With large market space for storage and new energy vehicles in the future, the company’s “light-plus-car” closed new energy ecosystem, which will upgrade the company’s profile, is expected to reposition the company’s valuation. In the long run, the growth space is huge, with a “recommended” rating: