Sunshine Power (300274): Photovoltaic Reverse transformer (PVC) taps, which benefit from a large increase in photovoltaic reverse transformer (PVC) taps, and the stabilization of Māori rates, which provide strong support to the company ' s performance, were produced by approximately 9.93gw in the first half of 2017.
Business revenue is $1.620 billion. The company now ranks first in the world in the volume of light-voltage reversibles, and the Maori rate has stabilized, with the continued high levels of light-voltage new loaders, which provide strong support for the company’s performance.
• IPOs have grown rapidly, and IPOs have become the largest increase in company performance. In the first half of 2017, companies completed 1164.38 mw IPOs, with 470 mw of IPO projects.
More than 40%. Given the logic of the national grid to ensure connectivity for photovoltaic projects, it is expected that the company’s future photovoltaic station integration will continue to be high, and that it will contribute to the rise in the volume of the company’s invertors.
The rapid growth in storage-reverse business is expected to become the third largest corporate profit base (latest) growth point in the future. The company’s domestic storage-reverse-reform market was ranked first in 2016.
We believe that with the rapid growth of the domestic photovoltaic market and the drop in battery costs, the potential market size of the domestic storage reversor has been opened. The new power engine control operation is growing rapidly.
Imports are dominated, Sun power mains are rated with 16-30 kw, rated voltage 144v/336v power drive systems, and with good cooperation with downstream car manufacturers, we expect new energy from the company's electric power controllers this year to be in a car/logistics vehicle.
The ratio of passenger vehicles can rise to 1:1. The previous three quarters saw a significant increase in performance, with a clear growth trend in high performance throughout the year.
Disabled. Given the company’s leading position in the field of photovoltaic reverse transformers, its high-speed, long-growing photovoltaic power station integration operations, and its contribution to future growth in the company’s performance, we expect 2017, 2018.
Sunshine power is a country-focused high-technology enterprise that focuses on the development, production, marketing, and servicing of new energy power sources, such as solar, wind, storage, etc., and was listed on the start-up board in November 2011, with the main products being photovoltaic reverses and wind energy.
The company’s first shareholder, Mr. Cao In-hyun, devoted more than 20 years to research in the field of renewable energy generation, is a leading expert in solar and wind energy, and has led over 10 major national “XV” and “XI-5” scientific research operations.
In the first half of 2017, the domestic photovoltaic market was affected by faster policy-driven growth in the first half of the year, with steady growth in corporate operating income, operating costs, further expansion of overseas market expansion and faster growth in integrated power station systems.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved revenue of 3,541 million yuan, an increase of 48.68 per cent, and net profit of 369 million yuan, an increase of 63.99 per cent. The photovoltile converter business generated revenues of 1,620 million yuan, an increase of 38.57 per cent, and Māori $548 million, a global leader of 2-PV, expected to value premium premiums.
Sunshine power is the country’s first firm to be involved in research and development of photovoltaic reverse transformer products, with a strong leader, a domestic market share that has remained the first in a row for many years, and, for the first time in 2015, a sales volume that surpassed the sum of Sma, the world’s largest producer of photovoltaic reverse transformers. Companies are the country’s first research and development and commercialization applications.
The manufacturer, the main product of the Sunaaccess series of serial and centralized photovoltaic reverse transformers, covered a range of 3-2500kw power, with conversion efficiency through 99 per cent of the full line, which fully met the requirements of various types of photovoltaic assemblies and grid access, was the world ' s leading Asian brand, and the domestic market was dominated by an absolute lead technology and market advantage, with a market position for more than a decade in a row.
In the first half of 2017, the company produced 8.5gw, with 15gw real capacity through external collaboration, and the company is investing in the construction of a 5gw light-voltage conversion package. In the first half of 2017, the company actually produced about 2.1 of the company's photo-voltaic reverse transformer product, which is wide-ranging and technologically leading.
In solar photovoltaic systems, solar energy is converted from solar cell components into direct current power, and, through power conversion and control systems in photovoltaic reverse transformers, from direct current power to exchange power that meets the power quality requirements of the grid. The reliability, efficiency and safety of the photovoltaic reverse transformers directly affect the power generation and operational stability of the entire solar photovoltaic system.
Key equipment in the entire photovoltaic system. Chart 7: The working principles of the photovoltaic reverse transformer.
Variators. These are used mainly for village power systems in remote areas, solar household power systems, communication signal power sources, cathode protection, independent power generation systems with batteries, such as solar street lamps, and grid-based photovoltaic system reverses, which are connected to the grid and transmit electricity to the grid, and which generate high-voltage direct electricity from photovoltaic assemblies.
The sun power PV product lines include a series of photovoltaic reverse transformers, a centralized photovoltaic reverse transformer, an integration programme, a control transversal unit, etc., and are also promoting research and development upgrades. In the first half of 2017, the company launched its first outdoor reverse.
Changer sg1500. Sg1500 product output power 1,500kw, using the latest three-level technology, with maximum efficiency exceeding 99%, saves the system's initial investment, and transport investment totals about 5 cents/w. The new feature issued during the same period also includes a new generation of household reverses sg3/5ktl; a cluster inverter with the highest power density of the same product in the industryssg10/12ktl-m; the world's single-power power is the highest.
The large 1500v series of reversibles sg160hv; the Chinese first high-pressure storage system, powcube 8,000, etc. 2.2 Pass through the cycle, with a robust growth in the volume of photovoltaic reverse transformers, is unexpectedly marked by a strong cyclical feature in the 15-year history of the global photovoltaic industry.
In our statistics, the global photovoltaic industry has undergone approximately four major cycles since 2002 and is now in its fifth cycle. Historically, the first four major cycles of the photovoltaic industry have averaged two to three years, and we believe that this is closely related to political stimulus, technological progress, capital activity, and so on.
The solar power photovoltaic transformer operation was more resistant to market fluctuations in the 2012-2016 cycle. And, in 2014, the number of solar power domestic photovoltaic reverse transformers dropped by 37.21%.
On the export side, there was a rapid increase in exports in the early stages of the solar power supply photovoltaic converter export business, but the rate of increase has returned to market averages since 2016. The Sun cluster chain inverter currently covers a range of 3-160kw power, with technical indicators representing best industry levels and a global cluster inverter installation of more than 6gw.
2.3 The additional light-voltage loader maintains a high-level enhanced company blue-folding attribute 217q2 with a total capacity of 15.19gw, with a total capacity of 101.82gw. In July 2017, only one month of additional light-voltage installed in the country was up to 11gw.
A new trend in the field of photovoltaics this year is the rise of household distribution, which is likely to remain high in 2018 as household distribution spreads. Companies in the country’s photovoltaic reverse transformer sector are still firmly in the top position of market share, with the city’s share at the end of 2016 at around 1%.
Thirty-five percent, 25 percent, are in China. Currently, the off-the-shelf-reflector sector is almost complete, the price of the reflex is stable at 0.18-0.2/w, and there is little room for a further decline. On the basis of the expansion of demand, the remaining leading firms are expected to become luminous reloaders, which, together with the continued maintenance of high positions in the luminous reflectors and a steady rise in the corporate refliance rate, we believe, in this glimmer.
During the expansion cycle, companies have combined performance stability and growth. And, by seizing the opportunity of household distribution, firms have created a single home-based home-use brand, Sunhome, to promote household-based distribution reverses, and now the main home-based push is 3kw, 5kw, and 8kw, which are designed to be installed in at least 10,000 homes this year.
The company was involved in the integration of the photovoltaic system in 2013 and, at the end of 2014, invested $500 million in the creation of Sunshine New Energy Company Ltd., which specializes in the development, investment, construction and operation management of photovoltaic power plants.
The share of revenues from the integration of the PV system has risen to the first half of 2017, and the company has also had a number of photovoltaic pro-poor demonstration projects that have been successfully connected, mainly in 11 poor districts in the 5 provinces of Anhui, Shandong, Hubei, Jiangxi and Hebei, with a total installed capacity of more than 470 mw, the largest single-sized projects being 70 mw in the city of Hubeit, and 70 mw in Anguyun and the smallest single-sized ones.
In the first half of 2017, the share of solar-powered photovoltaic system integration has risen to 51.71 per cent; the Māori rate has continued to rise to 21.59 per cent, an increase of 4.22 pct. over the end of 2016.
In the first half of 2017, nearly 40% of the total number of projects in poverty reduction were heavily involved. As the country’s grid pushes to power poverty alleviation projects are connected, we believe that the scale of the company’s projects in poverty reduction will continue to rise, thus providing sufficient marginal contributions to the integration of photovoltaic power stations.
4 Reverse transformer operations are rapidly growing and are expected to become the third most profitable growth point in the future. The main function and function of the Reverse Reverse Reverse is to achieve a two-way transfer of energy between the power of the communication grid and the power of the storage cell, as well as a two-way transformer.
Volatility increases the ability of the grid to absorb large-scale renewable energy generation (wind, photovoltaic) and can be subject to dispatch orders to absorb or supplement the power grid's power from Peak Valley and, in the event of grid failure or power outages, to provide independent grids to improve the safety of the power supply. Sunshine power sources have launched single-power invertors of 5-1000kw, such as sc50, sc500l, etc.
At present, 40-50% of the company’s exports of storage reversors are still in place, mainly in the US and Australia. On the domestic market, based on the annual industry research white paper on storage capacity published by the China-Korea Industrial Union, the company’s domestic storage capacity in 2016 is reversed.
The city is ranked first. We believe that with the rapid growth of the domestic photovoltaic market and the decline in battery costs, the potential market size of the domestic storage of energy reversors has opened.5 The new power motor controllers are growing rapidly, and they are moving into the car market.
With the accumulation and R & D advantages of a robust new energy power switching technology, sunlight power expands inverter applications to new energy, the automobile industry, providing high-quality electrical control systems and vehicle-loaded electrical distribution products for new energy vehicles. The drive is applied to purely electric, medium- and small-scale commercial vehicles and passenger, logistics-specific vehicles, etc., with maximum efficiency of 98.5%.
This year, the company has been working to expand the market for new-energy car controls in the use of cars. Currently, the country is using vehicle controls to focus on imported products, with Sun power sources primarily hitting power-driven systems with a rated power of 16-30 kw, a rated voltage of 144v/336v, and a power-driven system based on downstream connections.
We expect that this year ' s share of new power/logistics vehicles and buses will rise to 1:1.
The wind transformer technology of the company is consistent with the photovoltaic converter, including the full-power wind transformer and the double-dip wind transformer, two major product lines. As wind power equipment in the country has declined in recent years, and some windmill manufacturers in the country have made their own.
In this context, the company terminated the two wind currents projects, the technical adaptation project, which produces 600,000 kilowatts per year, and the Gansu project, which produces 1,000 gigawatts per year, and the wind transformer assembly package. In the first half of 2017, the company ended the wind transformer project.
Only $2.18 million was recorded for the transformer business, a significant decrease of 83.10 per cent over the same period. (1) The company’s photovoltaic inverter business has risen steadily, and the integration of the photovoltaic power station system has continued to grow at a high rate. (2) The company’s PV inverter business is projected to remain at current levels and the integration in the power station system is expected to increase slightly.
(3) The company ' s Reverse Responsive Power Service maintains an average annual rate of increase of 100 per cent over the next three years. (4) The company ' s new energy automobile control operation maintains an average annual rate of increase of 70 per cent over the next three years. (5) There has been an improvement in the pattern of competition in the wind currents market.
Given the company ' s leading position in the field of photovoltaic reverse transformers, its fast-growing photovoltaic power station integration operations, and its contribution to future growth in the company ' s performance, the new operations of storage reversors, new energy vehicle power control, are expected to be 0.663, 0.868 in 2017, 2018, 2019, respectively.
(c) The market for new energy motors has not expanded as much as expected.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.