Question of events: Management of exit duty-free shops, maintenance of consumption flow logic, maintenance of purchases: on 3 July, the five ministries jointly introduced the Temporary Measures for the Management of Exit-Free Shops at Ports (under this heading).
In our view, in future bidding exercises, more emphasis will be placed on the combined strengths of the operator, taking into account the circumstances of the current operation and the limited short-term and overall neutral impact of this approach on the company.
In accordance with articles 9 and 10 of the Provisional Scheme, an exit tax-free shop must have an absolute shareholding (more than 50% of the share) of an enterprise that is qualified to operate a tax-free business, and must have the performance of a five-year continuous port of entry and exit duty-free shop in the city.
When the regulations are in place, the country’s tax-exempt operators (middle, middle, deep, bead) are eligible for competitive bidding. At first glance, the regulations will promote competition in the industry.
In the last two years, the bidding process for large domestic hub airports has been largely completed, with contractual periods ranging from 5 to 8 years, with the Interim Scheme mainly affecting small and medium airports, with a smaller volume and limited impact on companies in the short and medium term.
In accordance with articles 12 and 13 of the Provisional Rules, financial indicators should not exceed 50% of the bid rating, technical targets should not be less than 50%, and the details are consistent with the provisions of the supplementary regulations for the entry duty-free shop issued on 29 March of that year.
Curbing the one-sided pursuit of “high-priced gains”, the emphasis on technical indicators has increased the demand for a combination of bid subjects, in the light of recent waivers (part of the bid is not the highest offer), where the competition is strong and the regulation is more favourable for the company.
In principle, the unit price is not higher than 1.5 times the average unit price of a tax-containing retail business in a domestic office; the sale is not higher than the 1.2 times the average rate of a tax-containing retail business in a domestic office.
In view of the fact that the bidding process for large airports is almost complete, the effect of this regulation is also concentrated in small and medium-sized airports in the short and medium term, the ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a is limited in the short term and, in the long term, the rent levels will be reduced if strictly enforced.
The Scheme also requires that the owner of the airport port or the bidder must not enter into an exclusive agreement with the successful bidder to prevent other duty-free trading enterprises from establishing lift points at the airport, which will also facilitate orderly competition in view of the current trend towards the development of duty-free stores in the city and the existence of international practice in connection with the airport.
The purpose of the Interim Measures is to curb bad competition in the industry, to guide the development of good practices, and to unify the requirements of entry and exit duty-free shops. In the case of companies, there are advantages and disadvantages.
Competition in the bidding field may be increasing, but competition focuses on the combined strength of the evaluation, and the company is still very large. Another ten thousand dollars, according to the vast majority of questions, is a change in the trend of consumption, and the public can be the leader of the free trade, the combined power is far ahead, and the prospects for the future are still wide.
Except as otherwise provided by the State Council, Article IX allows companies that have previously been authorized by the State Council to operate duty-free goods and that have operated continuously at ports of entry or exit duty-free shops within the city for the past five years, to set aside the territorial and category limits for operating duty-free shops and to grant enterprises the right to compete equally for duty-free exit shops.
The tender and tender activities must strictly comply with the provisions of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Implementation of the Tender and Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China.
Article 11 of the Law on Government Procurement of the People’s Republic of China states that tender activities shall guarantee fair competition for enterprises that are qualified to operate tax-free goods.
The head of the unit shall be the same person or in different units of the controlling or managing relationship, and shall not participate in the same bid at the same bid or in the same tender item for which the bid was not divided. Article XII reasonably regulates the rate of rent and the level of delivery of free shops at ports of entry and exit, avoiding a one-sided pursuit of “high-priced-for-profit” criteria.
50%. The financial indicator refers to the price component of the bid bid, including but not limited to the base rent, sales drawings, etc. The bidder should determine the maximum bid limit according to the level of rent available at the same location at the port, sales drawings, and external disclosure. The rental unit price may not, in principle, be 1.5 times higher than the average unit price of the tax-bearing retail business rent in the domestic office; the sale may not be higher than the 1.2 times higher than the average tax-containing retail business rate in the domestic office.
Article XIII should take into account the ability of enterprises to operate and select sustainable operators. The degree of abundance of business types, especially those other than tobacco and alcohol, should be an important measure. Technology indicators must not account for less than 50% of the bid.
The owner or bidder of the 20th airport port may not enter into an exclusive agreement with the successful bidder to prevent other duty-free trading enterprises from establishing duty-free commodity points at the airport, which is monitored and managed by the Finance Department (Directorate) of the province (Autonomous Region, municipality directly under the Central Government) where the shore is located.