The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies transfers shareholders' shares to social security, long-term recognition of the company's tax-free track performance, the announcement of the programme of the capital-rich social security fund, active and secure transfer, and financial support.
The Ministry of Government, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the State Finance Committee of the State Council have studied and decided to transfer 10 per cent of the shares of the China Tourism Group held by the State Finance Committee of the State Council to the Social Security Foundation for a one-time transfer of the current non-reimbursable transfer on 31 December 2018.
The transfer of the controlling shareholder ' s shareholdings to the Social Security Fund, without any impact on the firm ' s physical owners, has accelerated progress in the transfer of the State-owned capital for the Social Security Fund: 10% of the shareholdings of the company ' s controlling shareholder, China Tourism Group, was transferred once and for all The Social Security Fund holds a programme in line with the State Council ' s Decision on the Transfer of a Part of the State Capital for Social Security Fund Implementation Programme
At the same time, it can help improve the pace of corporate governance in state-owned enterprises and enhance the sustainability of social security.
1. China Travel Company Stocktaking - Exempted Assets with Predictable Performance can also be invested on a merit-based basis, with an overall positive impact on overall social security and the promotion of mixed changes in state companies. For the current mainland Chinese traveler, the realist remains unchanged, while at the same time serving as a high growth in the country.
The stock projects are more robust, and the incremental projects are time-bound - the Shanghai tax-free shop was exempted in the first half of the 19th year.
Profit 2.15 (incorporated into consolidated statements since March 2018); Tax exemption for Sanya Bay tax-exempt store 4. " China National Travel Company Stocktaking - Investment in Sea Ports " ; operating income of 5181 million yuan/+22 per cent, yielding profits of 833 million yuan/+56 per cent; and tax-exempt store for the capital airport (inclusive).
t2 and t3 air terminals) achieve tax-free business income of $4.365 billion/+20 per cent (disclosing t2, t3 internal transactions).
- The new era of domestic tax-free consumption, the rapid growth of airports in Central Sanya and the capital, the high growth of tax-free shops in Shanghai due to the combination of high growth rates, the elimination and timing of the boom of more than 30 per cent, and the high growth of tax-free shops in Guangzhou due to the effects of increased operational capacity and expansion.
The Hatoshima project is expected to open by the end of this year, with an investment of US$ 12.26 billion in the construction of a tax-free city at the sea mouth, with tax-free shops operating in Beijing, Dalian, Qingdao, Xiamen and Shanghai, tax-free shops in Shanghai or a pre-departure pre-departure booking and airport delivery model.
Investment logic - in the short term, the expected opening of duty-free shops in the city in 19 years and the expected arrival of policy adjustments, the realization of domestic consumption potential and the recovery of overseas consumption from tax-free deposition at domestic airports or ports, the growth of stock projects
Keeping it healthy. Long-term tax-exempt scenarios and internationalization continue to expand, with good policy benefits (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and support for a return to consumption.
The increase in the Māori rate was not as high as expected; duty-free shops within the city were less than expected; tax-free business rights were liberalized in the country; the RMB exchange rate continued to depreciate; and stock-free shops affected by economic weakness did not perform as well as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment