Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Shanghai inner-city shops or attempting to book new models for domestic tourists Market price (KWD): 89.94 yuan
The net return to the mother was RMB 3,279 million/+70.87 per cent, and the net profit to the non-mortality to the mother was RMB 2.5 billion/+30.86 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate remained stable, with a tax-free Māori rate of 52.3 per cent (52.5 per cent for 2018h1), and a tax-free Māori rate of 32.1 per cent, with a 4.5 per cent increase.
Income gains of 3,533 million yuan were attributed to the mother for a profit of $320 million (Vs2018h1 profit of 2.15 yuan) (incorporated into consolidated statements since March 2018); tax-free operations at the Sanya Sea Bay Free Shop and the t3 Air Terminal are free of charge income of $4,365 million/+20 per cent (disclosing t2, t3 internal transactions)
In the Hong Kong Airport Tax Free Shop (HKAP) tax-free business income of 1,296 million yuan/+26.5 per cent, and the Guangzhou Airport Free Shop income of 844 million yuan/+66 per cent.
2010.002. The performance of the China National Travel Company (CIBP) was in line with the expected growth of the airports of Sanya and the capital, with the high growth of the Shanghai tax-free shop due to the combined scale and the temporal impact of the elimination of the tax-free shop, which grew at a rate of more than 30 per cent, and the high growth of the tax-free shop at Guangzhou airport due to the effects of increased operational capacity and expansion.
2010.7.313. " China Travel Company Stocking - Investments in Sea Ports " , " Multi-business bright spots split " , 1) where the exchange-rate environment is weaker. The Māori rate is stable under the influence of scale effects and the integration of the system of up-to-date procurement. 2) The price of about RMB99 million in stock falls and the price falls.
4. "Preparation rate of about 1.5 per cent for the target, reference and size of duty-free stores in the city, with the return or write-off of 140 million yuan at a falling stock price.
The profits and losses of the current period indicate that the company is more cautious in its stock count, but the sales of the goods are doing better than pessimistic. (4) The construction of the Hakoshima project is proceeding as planned, with 75 locations, 55 brands, and more than 19,000 square metres of recruitment, which are expected to be operational by the end of this year.
Investment logic – In the short term, the opening of duty-free shops in the city in 19 years and the expected arrival of policy adjustments, the exploitation of domestic consumption potential and the fallback of overseas consumption from duty-free domestic airports or ports, the growth of stock projects, and the maintenance of a healthy quality. In the long run, the tax-free scenario and internationalization continue to expand, with good policy benefits (support for tax-free strikes).
There is still room for marginal improvement in 19 years, with tax-free stores operating in Shanghai in August, and Chinese travel.
The company ' s official public number indicates that it will provide duty-free bookings for departing domestic visitors, and that the city store will book a single payment for goods at the airport, which is expected to break through the policy of duty-free shopping before leaving the country.
The Māori rate was not as high as expected; duty-free shops within the city were not as high as expected; the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; the continuing devaluation of the RMB rate; and stock-free shops were underperforming by the weakening of the economy.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment