Performance meets expectations, waiting for further opening of the policy: semi-annual review in 2019: $24.3 billion in operating income for 209h1, a 15 per cent increase from the previous year; net return to the mother of $3.28 billion, the same amount.
This is a 7 per cent increase; the net profit from the deduction is $2.50 billion, a 31 per cent increase from the previous year. The net profit from the deduction from the travel agency is a 34 per cent increase from the previous year.
The company achieved tax-free sales revenue of $22.9 billion in the first half of the year, a 27 per cent increase in the same year; q2 revenue was estimated to have increased by 27 per cent in the first half of the year, slowing down the rate of q1.
In terms of unit prices, 68% more revenue (including wholesale payments) is measured in Shanghai (Pundong + Rainbow Bridge)/ Capital/White Cloud Airport passenger channel sales, mainly benefiting from the q2 company ' s supply agreement with Sea Free Corporation and the rapid increase in duty-free sales at other airports, such as White Cloud Airport and Hong Kong Airport.
The Māori rate has remained stable, with higher rates of deductions leading to higher costs The Māori rate: the overall Māori rate in the first half of the year was 53.1 per cent, an increase of 10 pct over the same period, mainly due to the unscathed operations of the low Māori rate.
Cost/assets impairment loss: 47 per cent increase in cost over the same period during the first half of the year, 7 pct to 32.7 per cent increase in cost during the period, mainly due to an increase in rental costs of 2.5 billion/+68 per cent over the same period due to the implementation of the new rate of deductions at Pudong Airport; a decrease of 1 per cent in management costs compared to the same period and a decrease of 0.4 pct in management costs; and an increase in transaction costs resulting from an increase in financial costs due to the scale of sales
q1. On a comparable scale, the net return profit increased by 0 per cent/72 per cent/six per cent on the first half of the year in Shanghai/Shanghai Beijing/Shanghai Bay, where the tax-free shop at Shanghai ' s Inpudong Airport at T2 started a new contract, and the rate of deduction was raised to a net return interest rate of 4.2 per cent; and Seagate Bay was affected by the decline in the overall sea-south tourism market in the first half of the year and the cost of rents.
1. China Travel (60888): Increased tax exemption for investment in the sea port, net interest rate falling by 3.4 pct to 15.6 per cent, elimination of these channels, other tax-free sales channels for companies in the first half of the year, opening up new duty-free spaces off the island
2. In-depth study by the China National Brigade (601888), which opened the operation of a new stock company, the overall business strategy is expected to move forward steadily.
\triangleright ' s leadership team was restructured and the former Chairman, Li Gang, the General Manager, Peng Fai, and the Deputy General Manager, Xue Jun (the latter two other positions remain in place), with Chen Guoqiang, General Manager of the Group, serving as the General Manager of the U.S. Travel Company, and the same
In general, the new leadership of the China Travel Group is the backbone of the Group, especially the central leader of the Group, General Chen Guoqiang, who is the chief manager of the Company, and is expected to focus on tax-free operations for the future of the country’s travel and promote a steady implementation of the business strategy.
Taking into account the current low domestic rates of tax-free shopping penetration and the government’s policy orientation to stimulate residential consumption, we expect that China’s tax-free sector will continue to grow faster in the coming years, driven by progressive policy liberalization. Companies, as leading companies in tax-free industries, will be the biggest beneficiaries of industry expansion.
A summary of company financial statement data projections The airline is engaged in equity investment, and the author has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,