Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Domestic consumption potential and overseas return contribution tax-free incremental market price (RMB): 89.94 yuan
On 31 July, the Chinese brigade issued a report on the performance of the Central Bank, which achieved business income of 24,344 million yuan/+15.46 per cent in the first half of 2019, net profit for mothers of 3.279 billion yuan/+70.87 per cent, net profit for non-mothers of 2.5 billion yuan, income split - 50 per cent increase in tax-free camp receipts in the first half of 2019, and after excluding return from travel agency investment
Net profit excluding non-repatriated mothers increased by 30.86 per cent, tax-free q2 camp increased by 27 per cent, non-repatriated profits increased by 21 per cent, and the reported performance was largely in line with expectations: after removing the impact of the travel agency ' s operating income (February 2019), tax-free company revenue increased by 50 per cent in the first half of 2019, and tax-free income increased by q2
In the first half of the year, profits grew by 71%, net profits from non-repatriation increased by 31%, tax returns increased by about 34% in the second quarter of the year and the first half of the year, and the industry monopoly giants performed well enough to represent the development of the domestic tax-free sector, and the current market for tax-free consumption grew well.
Project break-up - there was a certain division between the tax-free business plates, with the q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q1 q1 q1 q2 = 18.2 % = lower than the 30% q1 q1 q1 = less tax-free for the first half of the year.
Sales amounted to $6,582 million/+26.56 per cent and were affected by the increase in the number of duty-free shops in the city of Haiguchi (2019).
- Domestic tax-free consumption in the new era of incremental growth, 2019g 193. " China Travel Company Stocktaking and one-time costs for 18 years " . Revenues increased at the same rate as in January-May, at an overall rate of 3 per cent, due mainly to the unsatisfactory level of sales in April-May, mainly due to the unsatisfactory level of sales in April-May.
Since March, Shanghai (Shanghai Airport) has been working on the schedule. 4. China National Travel Company (HUNB) estimates - q2 of the pre-supplier airport revenue increase by 31.8%, as expected. Hong Kong airport revenues have increased steadily.
In 19 years, after the opening of t2 duty-free shops in May 1818, Yun Airport performed excellent tax-free performance, with the exception of centralized purchases from mid-19, and increased wholesale operations led to the growth of the company's traditional tax-exempt business income.
In the long run, tax-exempt scenarios and internationalization have continued to expand, with good policy benefits (support for tax-free fights and counter-purchases) and support for consumer returns. Tax-exempt policies have ranged from liberalization to widening the buying population.
Tax-free shops in the Bay of the Sea can benefit, and tax-free airports in Shanghai and Beijing can benefit from tax-free increases in the unit price of tax-free customers and a return in consumption. 19 years of marginal improvement, a breakthrough in the city’s tax-free shop policy, and the opening of domestic stores are expected to arrive.
The potential of the building, coupled with a strong incentive for tax-free consumption by the people of the country, has enabled the industry to maintain high growth and to benefit directly from the Chinese travels, which have an absolute monopoly status.
The Māori rate was not as high as expected; duty-free shops within the city were not as high as expected; the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; the continuing devaluation of the RMB rate; and stock-free shops were underperforming by the weakening of the economy.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment