On 17 July 2019, the research assistant, Dong Xiaojie.
Events: The company announced that it was planning to invest $12.86 billion in an international tax-free city at Seagate, with the project centred on a tax-free city, which created a large number of businesses, such as shopping, entertainment, offices, hotel restaurants, condos, and condos. According to the announcement, the project covered 3.24 million square metres of land.
The total area of buildings is 693,000 square metres, of which 475,000 square metres are planned for commercial use; 78,000 square metres are planned for office use; 80.000 square metres are planned for residential land; and 60 million square metres are planned for hotels.
In total, 1.56 billion yuan has been paid. The project is designed to be a “global experience interactive city for the integration of new lands,” with six parcels divided into designated duty-free complexes, apartments, dwellings, writing buildings, hotels, and tax collectors located in an advantage zone, in a transport hub, adjacent to the tourist industry and the economic zone of the Centre’s headquarters.
The port area on the west coast of the sea is seamlessly connected to the new seaport; the main main road is accessible to the east, approximately 500 m from the south port; the new port is connected to the seaway; the offshore southern ring is high iron, which is a necessary route for tourists to travel from the island, and the site is selected to fully meet the shopping requirements of the railway off the island and the water off the island.
The project is located in the sub-centre of the West Coast, where it arrives in 20 minutes at the mouth of the sea.
It is expected to be operational in the first half of the year 22; 6.98 billion yuan was invested in phase II, including commercial neighbourhoods, writing buildings and hotels (land block I/IV/VI, for a period of 42 months) and in line with the housing and writing-space plans of phase II of the rolling development project (based on feasibility)
1. China Travel (601888): q1 reported sales revenue of $5.29 billion from the marketable property, which is expected to accelerate the return of funds and reduce the pressure on money.
The cost of buying the land has advantages and the project is economical. 1) Compared to the land block that was won in April 2017 in Hong Kong City, the cost of the site for this project is more favourable. The average cost of the land taken by the company is 2, China Travel (601888), the winning bid.
The cost of open land is 18% lower and 23% lower, respectively. 2) As an owner, the project is financially viable.
Tax-free space for sea exits is renewable and benefits from a comprehensive package of benefits. Sea-port exemptions are currently limited to supplies, with 1,665 million stopover visitors (+11.5%) in 2018, not far from Sanya (20997,000, +11.0%), but the tax-free sales range is very wide, beginning in 2019.
The city’s construction is expected to open up further tax-free spaces. Meanwhile, fully-funded subsidiaries’ investments are expected to benefit from tax-exempt-led business development.
Profit forecasting: projected costs incurred during the construction period of the project are manageable and profit projections are not adjusted; assuming that Dae-Hing Airport will be able to contribute in 20 years, without taking into account sea infusion and the increased performance of duty-free stores in the city, it is expected that Dong-woo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, will have an investment advisory board on securities