Industrial norms, long-term development of health, China travel, China travel is now the largest tax-free retail in the country.
On 3 July, the Ministry of Finance and five other departments officially and publicly released the Interim Measures for the Management of Expatriation and Expatriation Shops, whose activities are dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly in the distribution, retail and distribution of duty-free goods, including tobacco and alcohol, perfume, etc.
Since March 2018, when the five ministries joined forces to issue the New Deal, the market has been looking forward to an exit duty-free shop-related policy.
The next five ministries have officially introduced a system for the management of exit duty-free shops, which basically continues the policy tone of last year ' s border duty-free shop management in terms of the manner in which tenders are tendered, the level of evaluation of bids, the level of rent comparisons and the level of production.
In the future, under the model of open tendering, the process involves the declared subjects, which are subject to the procedure.
Articles 9 and 19 of the scheme provide for tax-exempt operators, requiring that exit and exit duty-free shops must be State-owned enterprises in the country with an absolute ownership of the enterprise, including exemptions, exemptions, exemptions and exemptions.
With the liberalization of qualifications conducive to a level playing field, and based on the current size of the exemption (up to 80% of the city), the dominant advantage is still evident. Moreover, all major domestic duty-free shops have introduced bidding models, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou White Cloud 2 in 1719, and new ones.
In recent years, countries have consistently advocated a return to consumption, tax-free policies have been relaxed, and policies on the supply of duty-free goods have been well established.
Article X of the scheme provides for the uniform recruitment of duty-free entry and exit shops: article XX of the scheme stipulates that no exclusive agreement shall be concluded to prevent the establishment of duty-free points for goods. Considering that China’s duty-free market is dominated by domestic consumption, the exit and exit stores are invited to tender and set up border crossings.
The new deal will help future duty-free traders to work together and encourage benign competition among duty-free retailers, while also protecting the city's stores.
The idea is to measure the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, to identify rents, to raise ceilings to avoid malign competition, and to adjust the bids to the best of the best. The approach to the regular bidding process is mainly based on the upper limit of the point and on the adjustment of the bid.
First, option XII provides for a ceiling on rental unit prices and sales in the area of duty-free sales. Taking into account the previous cases in which aggressive competition had led to severe losses in the tax-free industry at the early first ports, the existing provisions are aimed at curbing the malignant competition that exists at the small points, hoping to give duty-free enterprises a more level playing field, with less impact on the main ports under the flag of exemption. Second, option XIII provides for technical targets of no less than 50 per cent and financial targets of no more than 50 per cent.
The financial bid ratio is smaller, with 20 per cent of the technology indicator score; 30 per cent of brand vendors; 20 per cent of business plans; and 30 per cent of marketing and customer apparel. Tobacco and alcohol should not exceed 50 per cent of the brand bid value. The size and pre-eminence of the middle- and middle-level industry make it more visible in terms of technology targets.
In terms of industry, we believe that the growing sophistication of policy regulations is conducive to the long-term development of industry’s health, and that the new rules on rent ceilings and ratings in the new New Deal will help regulate the market environment, with a healthy competitive environment with a strong leader. Without considering the openness of the city’s stores to the public, we anticipate that the new rules on rents in the New Deal will help to regulate the market environment.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China Tour (601888): New Deal with clear industry norms, long-term healthy development schedule: Company profit forecast
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Karen Zhang's study in the field of drinking tourism.
Research assistant profiles study studies in the field of drinking tourism.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Travel (601888). The New Deal defines the industry norms, the long-term development of health, and does not guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions, and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.