China Travel (601888): The tax-free main industry has increased at a pace commensurate with expectations, waiting for the city's shop policy to settle down.
The Chinese brigade is currently the largest tax-free retailer in the country. The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2019, and it is expected to achieve revenue in the first half of 2019.
In July 2019, the New Deal for Expatriate Free Shops introduced a limited competition model based on a combination of strengths and companies as the absolute champions of the industry.
The semi-annual report of 2019 revealed, for the first time in the first half of 2019, that there was a clear advantage in terms of skill, financial strength and overall size, and that a healthy competitive environment was a strong way to avoid companies from benefiting from tax-exempt operations.
The combined effect (March 2018) was that the net profit from withholding non-repatriation increased by the same amount as 30.86 per cent, and the performance growth was consistent with the increase in tax-exempt major industries and the steady increase in tax-exempt from the island and the airport. The tax-exempt New Deal for Hainan Island, which began at the end of last year, further liberalized the per capita tax-free shopping quota, leaving the sea south in the first half of 2019.
Tax-free sales on the island have remained strong, with tax-free sales of $6,582 million/+26.56 per cent off the island in the first half of the year;
The airport is expected to grow by more than 25%, and Hong Kong, Guangzhou Airport, which opened in 18 years, and Dalian Airport, which is about to open in the second half of 1919, are expected to make a significant contribution. The city’s tax-free space is expected, and the Seagate tax-free city covers the port population.
The city-wide tax-free shops in Xiamen began operating in May, and Shanghai-based stores have been opened in Pudong District, and are expected to open during the year. The process of intra-city shop policy is proceeding steadily, and there will be great room for growth in the future.
To be effectively covered, the company’s duty-free sales off the island will result in a “sea, land, and air” arrangement, and the off-island passenger purchases will be easier to guide and promote a larger consumption return trend. Investment advice: In the context of government advocacy for a return in consumption, company exit and airport stock operations will continue to grow steadily, with new projects and in-country shops expected to provide additional quantities in the future.
Considering the return on investment from the business of the travel agency, without taking into account the opening of the city's stores to the people of the country, we raise the profit forecast and expect the company to achieve its eastern source of wealth and wisdom in 2019-2021.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Employer.
East Hing Securities Company, China Travel (601888): Tax-exempt owners are growing at the rate expected, and the city store space is worth looking forward to.
Studies in the area of drinking tourism, research assistant, study assistant, study experience in large consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently focusing on consumer services such as education, catering, human resources, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.