The Sin Yishan Signal is now in China for the first time covered by the Chinese Brigade (601888.sh).
Social clothing/tourism integrated tax-exempt operations have increased and stabilized, further consolidating the industry ' s flagship position on 31 August 2019
The company issued its annual financial report for the year 2019, and tax-exempt operations continued to be visible. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $24,333 million (+15.46%) and a net return of $3,279 million to the mother, mainly from losses and losses incurred by the National Home Office.
The tax-free business contributed to the growth of the company’s main operating income. During the reporting period, the sale of goods led to a tax-free business of $22.908 billion (+53.26 per cent) and a tax-free shop in Shanghai.
3,543 million yuan), tax-free revenue from the Sanya Sea Bay Free Shopping Centre is $5,181 million (shares a/total share capital (billions): billion yuan (year-on-year increase of $888 million), and tax-free income from the Hong Kong Airport is $1,296 million
(an increase of $344 million over the same period) and tax-free revenue from the Guangzhou Airport Free Shop was 844 million yuan (with the expansion of commodity sales, with the middle-class groups hitting the top three of the world’s tourism retail sales. Ten years of tax-free business at Beijing’s airport during the reporting period resulted in increasing market competitiveness; Beijing; Beijing; Beijing; Beijing; Beijing; and Beijing.
Qingdao, Xiaomeng and Dalian cities have opened duty-free shops, which have been expanding effectively in the city; the opening of businesses in the city of Haiguchi and Bojong has helped to consolidate the company's duty-free placement in the south of China; and the expansion of tax-free operations in Hong Kong, Macao and Cambodia has increased considerably.
Strong companies have an influence on overseas retail outlets. Currently, the Free Middle Group ranks fourth in terms of sales of $34.5 billion in global tourism retail sales, increasing its share of domestic duty-free markets and increasing its growth rate, and there is still much room for tax-free markets to develop in the future.
Reduction in the cost-driven cost of separating the General Travel Agency. The increase in the Māori rate for the main business to 50.76 per cent (+9.86 per cent) is due mainly to the continued growth of the National Hotel and tax-exempt operations during the reporting period.
The ratio of revenue from the higher Māori commodity sales increased from 73.99 per cent in the same period last year to 97.52 per cent in the current year. The cost of sales was 30.29 per cent (+7.24 per cent) due to airport tax-free operations, resulting in rental costs.
Use and remuneration increases; management cost rate 2.32 per cent (-0.38 per cent) is the 7th floor of the International Centre as a result of the General Administration of the Disposing Country; financial cost rate 0.05 per cent (+0.11 per cent) is the collection finance as a result of the growth of tax-exempt operations
Increased handling fees for Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.; $14.5.4 million (-56.46 per cent) of off-the-shelf expenditures were mainly due to a reduction in external donations and a reduction in the cost of penalties for liquidated damages.
Investment proposals: With the successful performance of the National Hotel, the company is currently focusing on upgrading the tax-free business market \triangleright status, profitability, and increasing the visibility of the cdf brand in the tourism shopping market.
The company’s tax-free operating reserves are sufficient and long-term performance is certain. The company is expected to have eps in 2019-2021, or 2.36/2.53.37, corresponding to the public.
Slower or volatile macroeconomic growth; less advanced policy than expected risk; less than expected consumer demand; exchange rate risk.