China Travel (601888), tax-free main business continues to grow, and the industry's champions are always strong.
The Chinese brigade is currently the largest tax-free retailer in the country. The company published its semi-annual report for 2019 and achieved revenue of 24,344 million yuan in the first half of 2019.
The growth in the distribution, retail, etc. of duty-free goods, including tobacco, alcohol, perfume, has been in line with expectations, rising to the fourth largest tax-free operator in the world. According to the Moody report, published on August 6, the global list of tax-free operators, the middle- and middle-income companies, with sales of RMB 34.5 billion in 2018, is in line with expectations.
In July, after the launch of the New Deal for Expatriate Shops, a healthy competitive environment has helped to keep companies above all. In 2019, the q1 country travels.
The presentation brought about an investment gain of 905 million yuan, without taking into account the fact that tax-free earnings continued to rise in Shanghai on March 2018, and that tax-free performance from the island and the airport was excellent. All New Dealers who benefited from duty-free off-island purchases were released, the sea-south exemption market continued to grow in 2019, and Sanya Sea Bay continued to grow.
The current revenue is $5.329 billion/+28.72%, with the level of exemption from duty on the island increasing. The airport duty-free stores continue to benefit from further integration at the upstream level, with a steady increase in revenue, while the ratio of revenues at Shanghai/Capital Airport/Hong Kong airport/Hong Kong airport is +97.29%, respectively.
/+25.54%/+36.13%/193.1% (renovation of beneficiary shops) and, in addition, the airport that will open in the second half of 19 is expected to contribute to the growth of its performance.
This is the fifth duty-free store in Shanghai that has been restored in the current year, and the largest one in the city. According to Chinese sources, Shanghai stores can provide the Chinese people with their “in-country reservation, airport delivery”
Services, pending further clarification of the rules governing the operation of internal stores in the future, the establishment of an entry point will be an important step towards the realization of duty-free shopping facilities for the country's citizens.
In the context of the government's promotion of a return to consumption, the stock business has been growing steadily, and the new off-island tax-exempt project and the city-based shop policy are expected to be a source of financial prosperity for the East in the future.
China Travel (601888): The tax-free major industry continues to grow and the industry's champions continue to grow.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Travel (601888), the tax-exempt master business continues to grow and the industry is strong and strong.
Karen Zhang Studies in the field of drinking tourism.
This study focuses on the consumer services sector, such as education, catering, human resources, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.