(c) Market price (RMK): 87.52 yuan.
On August 5, when the US dollar was affected by the trade friction between China and the US broke 7 against the renminbi, 47 cities were cancelled from the Taiwan Free Bank pilot on August 1, and violent demonstrations in Hong Kong affected, to some extent, Hong Kong’s number of people travelling to Hong Kong. The above has had an impact on the procurement costs and passenger flow base of China’s national travel, and we have done some reading of this.
The devaluation of the renminbi will have a two-fold impact on the travel of the country, namely, the transmission of overseas goods to the cost end, the impact on the Māori rate, and the change in exchange gains and losses on foreign currency-related items: a review of changes in the tax-exempt Māori rate and the RMB exchange rate for companies from 2010 to 2018, and the 10-15 tax-free Māori rate is basically the same as the previous RMB.
The exchange rate is synchronized, but the marginal effects of exchange rate movements have been transmitted to the tax-free Māori rate since the second half of the year, with the increase in sales of the Sea Shore Bay tax-free shop in the second half of the year, the April 17 capital airport and chart, the March 18 Shanghai airport and chart, the scale effect and the general tax-free items and the increased utility of the schedule for the Māori rate.
China ' s product is settled in the renminbi free of exchange rate effects of about 15 to 20 per cent, assuming that the currency exchange changes will be reflected in the tax-exempt Māori rate levels of the country ' s travels, without taking into account the combined scale and scale effects, and the performance reported in the " China Travel Stocktaking " , in the second half of 2019, was in line with expectations.
2010.7.212. " The Māori rate is more proactive in concluding a procurement contract with guidance prices for the sale of seafood products and a certain Māori rate, with the exemption of domestic tax exemptions from the relative monopoly, and the existence of an active interest in the price of tax-free goods, to a certain extent ensuring Māori rates. "
“The impact of the devaluation of the renminbi on exchange gains and losses is not as pessimistic as the market predicts, assuming 19 years of the new era of tax-free consumption between the United States dollar and the renminbi-domestic.”
The exchange rate was stable at around 7 and the exchange loss was about $70-120 million for the year. The exchange gains and losses of companies were mainly due to a period of accounting, mainly in United States dollars or Hong Kong currency, as a result of changes in exchange rates in the course of the account period.
The value of foreign currency accounts payable has changed. The working days of corporate accounts payable are around 30 days, and q1-q4 should be "The China National Travel Company estimates - pre-selected airport of great prosperity " billions of yuan ($118 million in loss on exchange in 2018), taking into account the fact that the accounts payable are collected domestically by travel agents and commodities.
There are uncertainties about individual destinations in the exit market, including the impact of the Taiwan incident in Hong Kong on China’s tourism toll in Beijing: the current tax-free market at Shanghai’s Beijing airport and the share of profits in the company are about 50 %/15%, respectively, and the airport’s passenger flow performance will affect tax-free growth in the country’s air travel.
North-East Asia, represented by Korea, accounts for about 10 to 15 per cent of international + traffic in Hong Kong and Taiwan, with a certain slowdown in the three-quarterly peak flow of passengers from the two airports exposed to environmental impacts.
The Māori rate was not as high as expected; duty-free shops within the city were not as high as expected; the domestic liberalization of tax-free business rights; the continuing devaluation of the RMB rate; and stock-free shops were underperforming by the weakening of the economy.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment