Tax exemption shows a sustained improvement in profits and medium- and long-term growth.
• Summary of performance: The company released its mid-2019 report, with 24.34 billion (yoy+15.5 per cent) in 2019h, 10.65 billion (yoy-12.9 per cent) in revenue collection, 970 million (yoy+28 per cent) in net profit return to the mother, the withdrawal of non-net profits from the National General Hotel, and the increase in tax-free access contributed to a significant increase in the Māori rate.
The performance of 17 days of stripping of 2018h and the effect of the Shanghai performance of April-June on both revenue collection and profit margin, as well as the merger of the Shanghai performance in March 2018 at 2018q2 with the National Brigade, would need to be removed from the March impact, and if the effects of the January-February 2018 harvest of the National Hotel and the February-June appearance of the National Hotel were removed, the company would be estimated to be 2019h/q2 merchants.
In-house growth in the sale of goods was about 31 per cent.26 per cent in the same year: according to the sub-operational section: tax-free sales/tax-based sales/tourism services received $22.91 billion/$620.0 billion/$60 billion, respectively, and the same-year increase in the share of tax-free operations contributed to an overall increase of 51.1 per cent (yoy+9.8 pp).
The increase in the rate of withholding in Shanghai affected a significant increase in the cost of sales between 7.2 pp and 30.3 per cent over the same period, benefiting from a decrease in the rate of management costs of the National Travel Service to 2.3 per cent over the same period (youy-0.4 pp), an increase in the overall rate of three to 7 pp to 32.7 per cent, with a rise in the rate of Maori, with a net interest rate of between 7 pp and 15.9 per cent over the same period.
In addition to the non-recurrent gains and losses of $910 million, which we consider to be more indicative of withholding data, it is estimated that 2019h/q2 non-net profits would increase by 24/37 per cent compared to the average if we excluded the U.S.H.S. and Shanghai. This can be seen in the fact that the actual tax-exempt operating profits would increase faster than the profits would increase faster than the profits.
The city’s stores and the sea have remained unreleased, and the tax-free long-term growth space is still in place. 1) Currently all the stores in the city have been reopened (Beijing, Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Shanghai) and the liberalization of the city’s shop policy is expected to take place in the course of the year.
In the long term, China's travel (601888) is expected to grow from within and out of China.
12.26 billion Seagate Free City was created by the National Brigade, with a long-term integration of duty-free resources off the island; 3) consumption is in the same direction, profit levels continue to improve (2019-04-29) Tax-free policies are booming, with 80 per cent of the country's cities holding a firm and leading position and are expected to continue in the future
2. China Travel (601888). The tax-exempt scheme has expanded steadily and has benefited from the development of our tax-exempt industry.
• Profit forecasts and ratings. According to the Central Report, the rate of increase in Shanghai and the rate of exemption from taxes in the form of wholesale taxes are slightly higher than ours. 3. China Travel (60888): Tax-exempt operations continue to operate, and the city’s tax-exempt policies are either in place or not as expected.
2) Assuming that both Shanghai shopping penetration and unit prices have increased, the size of Shanghai and Hong Kong airports has risen steadily with passengers, with Hong Kong ' s Māori rate rising steadily after the climb period, Shanghai ' s fragrance rate rising, and Beijing ' s Māori rate remaining stable;
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.