The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies invests in the creation of a sea mouth tax-free complex, and the Hainan tax-free market is expected to raise market prices further.
On 16 July, the company announced that the company's wholly-owned National Investment Corporation would invest $12.86 billion in the construction of an international tax-free city project in Haiguchi, with an investment value of $5.88 billion in the first phase and $6.98 billion in the second phase of the project, and that the company would invest $12.86 billion in a tax-free development centred on tax retailing, cultural entertainment and business operations.
Multi-element tourism retail complexes, such as public and catering accommodation, which are expected to continue the Sanya Bay mini-store with rapid growth in sales: the project is located in the western coast of Hainan Province, on the western coast of the Bay; the western side is seamlessly connected to the new seaport; and the main main city road on the coast of the sea, approximately 500 m from the South Port, to the east.
The project's land is tax-free for 324,000 square metres, a 36-month period for the development of tax-free complexes, apartments and dwellings, and a 42-month period for the development of commercial, paper-writing and hotel buildings.
The proportion of tourists from the island is 37.53% for the entire Hainan province, and the number of passengers from railway stations and port terminals is higher. From the island duty-free policy opened in December 2018 to the train port.
The tax-free exploitation of the sea port by the United States of America continues the new era of tax-exempt shops in Sanya from the East China Sea to domestic tax-free consumption.
2. "The China Travel Company estimates the one-time cost of 18 years, starting with a 15-year turnover of RMB 4.14 billion to RMB 8 billion in 1818, with an average compound increase of more than 20 per cent per annum.
3. " China Travel Company Review - Pre-supplier Airport " , tax-free sales are far below Sanya level, and there is scope for tax-free sales in China. According to the economic effects of the project, the total income from the full cycle of the project is 48.26 billion yuan, of which $5.29 billion is the proceeds from sales in the ready-to-sale industry.
4. " China Travel Company Review - 18 Years of Tax Exemption Performance " , with revenue of 27.510 billion yuan from holding property operations and $15.46 billion from liquidating property at the end of the period of holding property operations, and 1,665.34 million visitors/+12 per cent from China and Sanya, respectively, who received overnight visitors in 2018.
Two hundred and nine thousand and forty-one thousand, but Sanya tax-free shop sales are well above the sea mouth by eight billion yuan.
The 18-year-old company tax-free China Sea Bay, 23 per cent of stores, 50 per cent of the two major airports, and the completion of the Seagate project, will contribute to the company's recovery.
Performance, which perpetuates the changing contribution of tax-exempt revenue. Investment logic – short-term projections of 19 years of intra-city tax-exempt shop opening and policy adjustments, high tax-exempt growth, long-term scenarios of tax-exempt and continued expansion of internationalization, scale effects and product-adjusted Māori rates
Increased profit-making space, good policies (support for tax-free counter-purchases) and support for consumer returns: 19 years of tax-free shops in Sanya Sea Bay can benefit from the liberalization of tax policies from the island to the wider buying population.
(8621) 60933978 Māori rate does not rise as expected; duty-free shops within the city are not as high as expected; domestic liberalization of the right to tax-free operation; RMB
Rates continue to depreciate: stock-free shops are not performing as expected as a result of the weak economy. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment