On Monday, September 2nd, 2019, the travel agency was freed from tax duties and the policy gains were expected to open up the growth space.
On 31 August, the Chinese brigade issued its semi-annual report for 2019, during which the company achieved a gross operating income of 23.527 billion yuan, an increase of 15.46 per cent over the reporting period; a net return to the mother of 3,279 million yuan, an increase of 70.87 per cent over the previous period; and a net deduction from the parent of 100 per cent of the equity share in the National Hotel, which ceased to exist in February.
Table: Corporate income from tourism services in 2018 was $12.29 billion, or 26 per cent of total income, with a Māori rate of 10.01 per cent. Revenue from tourism services during the reporting period was $599 million. Corporate income from travel agency operations slowed down at the same rate, while Māori rates will rise significantly. As travel agency operations are heavy assets, heavy manpower, low Māori, low growth.
From a financial point of view, the company’s business benefits from the improvement of the company’s financial indicators. From an operational point of view, the company’s further development will be driven by a focus on tax-exempt operations that captures the opportunities of an era of rising consumption and returning consumption.In the reporting period, the company’s tax-free commodity sales generated business income of $22.908 billion, an increase of 53.26 per cent.
In Shanghai, Japan achieved tax-free income of $7.377 billion, representing an increase of 92.41 per cent (from March 2018 onward); firstly, the airport achieved tax-free income of $4.365 billion, an increase of 25.54 per cent; and the tax-free shop of Sanya achieved tax-free income of $5.181 billion, an increase of 28.50 per cent.
The company will invest US$2.86 billion in the construction of the Haiguchi International Free City project, the first of which will include tax-free business complexes, public apartments, and dwellings, to be completed in 2022. The investment is large, but the overall financial pressure is small because of the phased investment, rolling development, and the prospect of a quick return to finance the property project.
After the project was completed, the size of the tax-exempt income of the city is expected to increase considerably. The company has little impact on the company. The temporary scheme for the management of the exit-exit-free shop, issued in early July, broke the monopoly of the exit-exit shop, but the rules for the bid rating were analysed in the context of the provisional scheme and the bid rating rules were favourable to the ability of the company to operate.
The contract for the North and Guang airport exit store will expire in 2025 at the earliest, without any concern about the impact of the new approach on the company’s performance. And in March, the company won a tax-free operation at the Beijing airport, with a combined rate of deductions close to the capital airport, and according to the latest Moddiedavitt report, the world’s tourism retailer ranked fourth in 2018, with an increase of four.
The company’s tax-exempt business is growing steadily, and the domestic duty-free market is higher than ever before. Beijing, Dalian, Qingdao, Qinghmen, and Shanghai’s city-based tax-free shops for foreign travellers are opened, with Shanghai’s stores pre-empting the opening of city-to-country stores for customers, airport payments, and delivery services, with the prospect of a breakthrough in the city’s shop policy.
The three-quarterly edition of the Chinese State Brigade in 2018, which led to a significant increase in corporate performance, has been significantly enhanced. The company is actively promoting internationalization, and the tax-free business map is expected to increase the Māori upturn, and the tax-free head is well advanced.
1. The international political security situation has affected the flow of foreign tourism; 2) the exchange rate of the renminbi has fluctuated; 3) the flow of duty-free visitors from the Hainan Islands has increased.
In the six months following the report’s release, the firm/industry growth and decline was compared to the upwards and drops in the index/subsidiary index for the same period.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.