Investing in the Seagate Free City, opening up new spaces for duty-free off the island.
Multi-element tourism retail complexes such as office, catering and accommodation.
Area: The company intends to build the Seagate Free City, located in the area of the port of the Luang Sea on the western coast of Hainan Province, which is seamlessly connected to the new port: the main main road road on the east side of the city, approximately 500 m from the south port, the bridge to the Haisu fast road, the new seaport, the high iron on the offshore South Ribbon, which is a necessary route for visitors to the port off the island.
Traffic: 20 minutes at the mouth of the sea, half an hour across the Straits of Jonglei, 2 hours. The unit reaches the whole island in comparison with the depth of 300.
The project is located in a sub-centre on the west coast, bringing together various functions such as municipal administration, trade fairs, tourism, including projects such as the city of Haiguchi, the International Fair Centre at Haiguchi, and the future gathering of human resources. The first phase of the project is based on tax exemptions, and the overall amount of investment can be controlled.
Billions of dollars, mainly in the development of plots two, three, five, and land owned mainly by commercial and residential land, are expected to be built over a 36-month construction cycle, which is expected to start this year and be completed by 2022. In terms of the properties of the first phase of the project, the first phase will be dominated by a tax-free commercial complex, with an estimated area of nearly 200,000 square metres, representing the existing Bay of Seals.
The first phase of the project will also be accompanied by a number of residential real estate projects to achieve a quick return of funds: (2) Phase II projects with a total investment of $6.98 billion and the development of three remaining plots, mainly commercial blocks, writing buildings, and hotels, are expected to start work after 2021.
According to in-house company measurements, the sea mouth project has a strong overall profitability, with an internal rate of return of about 14.4 per cent, which is largely consistent with the seagull project (14.19 per cent).
2. China Travel (60888): q1 performed well, and attention was drawn to the fact that, in the first half of 2019, further liberalization of tax-free off-island policies led to strong growth in the sale of four duty-free off-island shops, namely Sanya, Haiguchi and Jonglei, with 15.98/26.56 per cent increase in the number of duty-free shopping points and sales increases each, and to an increase of nearly 9.12 per cent in the unit price of the driving passenger, slightly higher than the 5-8 per cent mentioned earlier.
In terms of penetration rates, however, we measure the penetration rate of passengers for duty-free off-island shopping in China in 2018 to be only 6.5%, which is still low compared to about 30% in Jeju. In the future, after the landing of the Seagate tax-free city, the city will effectively address the limited area of duty-free operations in the past, further increase the penetration rate of passenger duty-free shopping in the off-island and, at the same time, make further use of the South off-island duty-free New Deal for the Middle East Group to achieve its duty-free operation in Hainan Island.
The market’s long-term development objectives lay the foundation for a recent recovery in corporate equity prices, influenced by a new exit duty-free shop management approach. We believe that the pattern of competition in the domestic duty-free sector will not change significantly as a result of the introduction of the scheme, that the group is still the absolute leader of the industry, and that the short-term valuation is largely emotional.
Tax-free sales have not increased as expected: new projects and tax-exempt policies within the city have not progressed as expected. The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in the strongest figures, the head of the education and small and medium-sized computer industry at the Institute of Human Welfare, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2019, and a master’s degree in finance at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade in Shanghai.
Gu Jianyan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport, and Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, have been engaged in social services research and equity investment in each of the sea-to-air securities, and the author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,