China Brigade (601888): Seagate Free City Program landed to dig out the port from the new market on the island.
Incident: The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, State Travel Investment and Development Ltd., intends to invest RMB 12.26 billion in the construction of a tax-free retail project in China ' s capital for the first-ever duty-free retail project in the country, with the construction of a tax-free city in Haiguchi as its core, covering tax-retailing, retail and retail sales.
Traders, whose business activities are dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly complex tourism retail complexes such as cultural entertainment, business offices, catering accommodation, etc. Wholesale, retail, etc., of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc.
The total investment in this project is 12.26 billion yuan, with an intermediate investment of 5.88 billion yuan, a second investment of 6.98 billion yuan and a total commercial area of 4.75 million m2, which is larger than the Sanya Bay project launched in 2012 (a second phase combined investment of more than 5 billion yuan).
Highlights for the next three to six months: 72,000 m2. Listed prices for project plots are almost the same as those for the western coast of Haiguchi, which is disclosed in the semi-annual report for 2019.
At present, the company’s cash on the books is relatively easy, the cash flow is generally healthy, and the costs are split in a way that tax exemptions are applied at two points, and the island’s off-island services are offered. The Seagate International Free City is a comprehensive project that combines the functions of tax-free commerce, office operations, and tourist holidays, and the first phase covers tax-free commerce and tax-free commerce.
Business and apartment housing, 36-month construction cycle, project two covering commercial neighbourhoods, writing buildings and hotels, 42-month construction cycle.
At the same time, the site of the project was selected as port and off-island tourist access, Hainan's only route to target the port's off-island clientele, and the airport port area was created by the Melanes airport to cover out-of-island passengers.
Tax-free shopping penetration is still low, and the port population has a large consumer market. Currently, the Hainan Ex-Island exemption covers mainly Sanya and the sea port flow, while the tax-free shopping population accounts for only about 6% of the total number of passengers in the two locations, and the Seaport tax-free sales account for only 20% of the total Hainan Ex-Island free sales.
There is much room for improvement. From the point of departure, Sanya and Seaport airports account for about 38% of the total number of passengers leaving the island, while the remaining 62% remain passengers leaving the island at railway stations and port terminals.
According to the Bureau of Statistics, almost all passengers leaving the island by sea left the island in 2017, with a yearly flow of 75,425 people. As a result, the International Seagate Free City, which is close to the port, will effectively cover this segment of the population in the future, with a potentially large market for duty-free sales.
The company’s promotion of the Hainan International Free City project, in line with the Hainan International Strategy for the Construction of Tourism Islands and Trade Ports, can take on many of the benefits of the current Hainan policy. While the introduction of the tax-free complex gives rise to market concerns, the real estate project helps to accelerate the return of funds, in line with tax-free advantages and the success of the Sanya Bay.
Future development of the project. Without taking into account the opening of the city’s stores to the people, we expect the company to earn 436.37, 5194 million in 2019-2021.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Source of Eastern Finance, The Employer.
East Hing Securities Company, China Brigade (601888): The Seagate Free City Program landed, digging for new markets off the island.
Studies in the area of drinking tourism, research assistant, study assistant, study experience in large consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently focusing on consumer services such as education, catering, human resources, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.