The performance of the Bank of Nanjing continued to rise, with other non-interest performance rising by 21.3 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year, and profit-led roe rising to 16.69 per cent, industry.
In terms of operating income growth, fees and fees have increased, and other non-interest-related growth in investment has accelerated, leading to an overall rise in non-interest income.
The company has a strong client base in the Jiangsu region, is competitive in terms of investment and governance, and continues to push for strategic transformation and sustained improvement. As a result of debt swaps, we adjust.
After a smooth spread and a positive recovery in interest income, investment income performance was excellent at $14,733 million, or 48.7 per cent, compared with the previous three quarters, and the rate of growth remained slightly higher.
Of this amount, net revenue from fees decreased by 8.2 per cent over the previous three quarters and 19.9 per cent over the same three quarters. Other non-interest rates increased by 98.9 per cent over the same period in the previous three quarters, driving the other negative loan rate of 0.90 per cent at the end of the three quarters, which was the same as in the two quarters, resulting in a slight increase in the balance of non-performing loans and a slight increase in the ring.
The Division’s migration rate for regular and interest-based loans has changed better than in the second quarter.The Bank of Nanjing: high non-interest income and improved asset quality.
Bank: Central Bank ii
Summary of performance: Nanjing Bank ' s net profit from the first three quarters of 2022 was $14,971 million, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the previous three quarters, an increase of 48.7 per cent over the corresponding non-interest income of 0.3 per cent, with net fee income declining by 8.2 per cent over the same period and other non-interest income increasing by 98.9 per cent over the same period, operating income generating an increase of 16.1 per cent over the same period, total corporate assets growing by 11.2 per cent at the beginning of the third quarter, loans growing by 17.3 per cent over the beginning of the year, and deposits
Growth of 14.3 per cent, non-performing loan rate of 0.90 per cent, provision of 398.27 per cent, core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.88 per cent; 21.3 per cent, profit-led roe up to 16.69 per cent in the previous three quarters of the Bank of Nanjing; performance contribution mainly from scale, investment-related non-interest and contribution provision. Operating income increased by 16.1 per cent, with slightly higher growth rates, including faster growth in size,
On the non-interest side, fees and other non-interest-related increases have increased faster, leading to an overall rise in non-interest income. Corporate asset quality has remained stable, incremental increases have slowed profits and stock levels have slightly increased. Companies have a strong client base in the Jiangsu region, are highly competitive in investment and government-assurance operations, and continue to move forward with strategic transformations.
Maintenance of a higher rating, with attention paid to conversions and stock-holding changes. High profitability led to an upturn in roe. Bank Nanjing's performance continued to increase year-on-year, with a 21.3% increase in net profit from year-on-year, driving roe to 0.85% from year-on-year.
Point to 16.69%, roa up line 0.06 percentage points to 1.08%. Credit continues to grow faster, leading to a 17.1% increase in risk assets over the year, a slight increase in the rate of increase in deposits and a better 4bp increase in net interest spreads on retail loans than in the 2nd quarter.
In the first three quarters of the year, interest earned increased slightly, with a modest increase of 48.7 per cent. In the first three quarters, net fees fell by 8.2 per cent on the same year, while net fees fell by 19.9 per cent on the other quarter.
At the end of the three-quarters, the rate of non-performing loans was 0.90%, the same as in the two-quarters, with a slight increase in the balance of non-performing loans, with a 2.6% increase in the ring over the two-quarter period.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of banks ' profits, either by making concessions over market expectations.