On December 11th, 2022, Nanjing Bank issued an announcement agreeing to hire Mr. Chu as Governor.
Mr. Chu's long-term working background is expected to contribute to the sound development of Nanjing Bank. Mr. Zhu's career as Managing Director, Managing Director of Risk Management, and Assistant to the President of Nanjing Bank, since April 2012.
On the one hand, as a long-standing management cadre in the business, President Chu has a deep understanding of the development of the Bank of Nanjing and is expected to contribute to the sustainability of the “transactional bank plus retail” strategy. On the other hand, Chairman Zhu is also responsible for managing the public and risk lines, or for leading the Bank’s high-quality development.
Since the beginning of the year, a strong scale has been maintained, with consumption lending or liquidity in 2023. The five-year plan led by the \triangleright Bank of Nanjing loan growth in the first three quarters of 2022, helped to increase the total asset size to 1.94 trillion yuan.
Residing loans are expected to remain strong, especially as the operations of South Silver Farba Consumer Finance Co. Ltd. are launched, and spending on loans is expected to accelerate, which is positive for alleviating the pressure on net interest differentials.
Research assistant in Bovin, who is a major shareholder and management member, has shown confidence in development. Since the beginning of the year, Nanjing Bank's major shareholder has been like \triangleright
In July 2022, President Chu took the initiative to increase the shares of the Bank of Nanjing by adding 100,000 shares.
Individual interests are tied up to better motivate management. 2. Nanjing Bank (6010009.sh) reported mid-2022: Investment proposals: Presidential appointments are made and uncertainties are eliminated.
The Director-General's selection, combined with experience in managing the public and risk lines, is expected to help Nanjing with a long-term working background.
-202/07/03 With gold-deposit plates and business start-up, consumer loans are expected to work in 2023, or support the net difference.
Bank of Nanjing (601009.sh) in-depth report: Large Retail Year pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.