In October 28, the Nanjing Bank issued a 22q3 financial report. In 22q1-q3 amounted to $35.190 billion, or yoy+16.1 per cent, in return for a net profit of $14.97 billion, or yoy+21.3 per cent, and a negative rate of 0.90 per cent, covered by the provision.
Other non-interest income has remained high and profits have recovered at a higher rate. As of 22 q3, the cumulative revenue has increased at the same rate as the \triangleright speed (lower than) 22h1-0.2 pct, but it remains at a better level, taking into account the impact of a high 21 q3 base.
By contrast, net interest income grew at a negative rate of +0.3 per cent per annum, with a stronger credit offer or major cause; net surplus income continued to grow at a negative rate, or mainly to cover the effects of such operations as finance and fund replacement; other non-interest income continued to grow at a strong rate of 98.9 per cent per annum and the low base effect was significantly reduced.
Since the beginning of the year, the Bank of Nanjing has been active in restructuring its financial investment structure, increasing investment in products such as funds, and trading capital financing, which accounts for +4.1 pct at the beginning of the comparison, and investment in claims - 4.6 pct, which facilitates the capture of asset band gains.
The rate of growth in lubricant is 22h1+1.2pct, both from robust growth in revenue and from savings in credit costs. Loans continue to pick up, supporting the net interest differentials to remain largely stable.
On the one hand, active service entities, green, inclusive, research assistants in Bowen, have increased their lending by more than 30 per cent at the beginning of the year, and together with the government's business, support public lending;
On the other hand, from a single quarter of 22q3, a loan contribution of nearly two thirds is expected to increase further as the gold-deposit licence is falling, or to support interest-bearing asset yields in the context of the gradual realization of the lpr adjustment, which has reduced the net income gap ring by only 1 bp and has remained essentially stable.
The quality of the assets remained stable and the provision coverage maintained a high level. As of 22q3, the bad-rate ring was held. 1. Nanjing Bank (6010009.sh) reported a mid-2022 rating: \triangleright
Increased risk disposal during the first half of the year has resulted in a strong asset quality. The coverage ring is fast-tracked: high performance, low performance, real gold is safe from fire +3.1 pct, and nearly 400% of the provision provides sufficient space for anti-bullying profits.
The annual quarterly report explains that the performance was up, and that the transfer was made “with six new branches of the Bank and four new branches of the Bank, 22 q3, in order to boost the potential for expansion and transform the wealth.” and 2022/04/16.
4. The Bank of Nanjing (601009.sh) has reported in depth that long-term development confidence in the Bank is expected to accelerate the process of transferring debt to equity.
Investment recommendations: faster profits, stronger asset quality, faster revenue growth, higher profit growth, better performance of other non-interest income, stronger financial capacity for investment; strong credit lending and the start of individual lending, which supports net interest differentials; asset quality improvements
\triangleright Figure 1: Accumulated increase in year-on-year performance of Nanjing Bank as at 22q3 Figure 2: Accumulated increase in net interest income and net fee income of Nanjing Bank as at 22q3
Figure 3: Year-on-year increase in other non-interest income of Nanjing Bank as at 22q3 Figure 8: Non-performing loan rate of Nanjing Bank as at 22q3 Figure 9: Nanjing Bank provision as at 22q3
Table 1: Growth in ownership by Nanjing Bank shareholders, executives since 2022 Research findings, methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.