26 August 2020: Sino-Kin securities published their semi-annual report for 2020, generating operating income of $26,744 million, or +22.73 per cent.
Sino-Chinese securities (600030.sh) have increased performance and a strong leadership position, and the return on self-investment has become a central driver of performance growth.
In the first half of 2020, net corporate investment income of 2.221 billion yuan, or +23 per cent, benefited mainly from the regularization of a new stock issue, a significant increase in the size of ipo issuance, a 7 per cent increase in corporate equity financing of $131,749 million, and a 20.31 per cent increase in market share, which continues to be industry-first. In the first half of 2020, bond underwriters continued to have low returns, clear financing cost advantages, and a significant increase in level-I bond financing to $18,05 billion.
Compared to +34.69 per cent, corporate bonds cover 563.1 billion yuan, equal to +21.92 per cent, and securities companies share 12.85 per cent of the total market share of corporate holdings, continuing to work together.
In the first half of 2020, a share was traded at $758 billion a day, or +29 per cent. In the first half of 2020, companies achieved $4,835 million in agent trading securities, or +32 per cent, in the first half of the year, and the value of firm acting stock trading was $12 trillion, an increase of 46 per cent compared to the industry average. Companies actively promoted the transformation of wealth management, reflecting a variety of ideas, including customer systems, product systems, financial technology, etc.
The depth and breadth of wealth management services has been expanded, the client financial services experience has been upgraded, more than 40,000 clients in general corporate bodies have accumulated over 10.3 million households, household assets aum have increased by 34 to 6.7 trillion yuan in the same year, and revenues from sales of financial products have increased significantly in the same year +123 to 699 million yuan in the same year.
Investment proposals: Capital market reforms are continuing, equity sector concentration is accelerating, especially the growing profile of the headlines of the investment business, in the first half of 2020a
As an industry leader, the combined strength is consistent with the industry’s development.
Risk factors: high volatility in capital markets, resulting in disruptions and shocks to corporate wealth management operations, self-investment operations, asset management operations, etc.; inadequate speed of clearance of venture boards, start-up boards and registration systems, leading to less than expected investment and investment performance; less than expected progress in the transformation of corporate wealth management; and joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of non-monetary financial research on a monthly basis.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.