Company Review  Securities Industry August 25th, 2020 SCM (600030.sh)
Wuping has published its semi-annual report for 2020. 1) The leading position is strong and the balance sheet is expanding further.
At one latitude, the performance rate continued to improve, and the indicators of revenue collection, net profit, etc., continued to rank first in the industry, with a strong leader. At the same time, corporate leverage continued to increase, pushing for further balance sheet expansion, with extra-field derivatives and the like.
2) There is a significant elasticity in the performance of the investment business, a significant increase in the size of the equity derivatives business, and a remarkable elasticity in the performance of the company ' s investment business. 2020h1, the return on the investment of the company and the change in the public offer value of the investment was $11,887 million, an increase of 59.04 per cent over the same period, and the contribution of the collection was 44.45 per cent over the same period.
Corporate investment capacity is excellent, equity self-employment strengthens specialization in priority sectors such as consumption, medicine, technology, etc.
Explore and practice to help the portfolio effectively manage market risks and reduce the reliance of performance on a single direction of the market. Corporate equity derivatives expand and derivative financial instruments grow considerably in size. 3) Wealth management transitions continue to advance, with financing-type operations growing in size and spreads increasing.
With the impact of a return on the market, the growth in revenue from corporate brokerage and the ongoing transformation of wealth management. 2020h1, the net revenue from the company from brokering was $5,508 million, an increase of 31.83 per cent over the same period, and a faster increase in the sale of financial products was over $400 billion. Companies insist on upgrading their wealth management practices, financial product systems, and sales.
Lead in the sales capacity industry; build customer demand-oriented value supply chains and configure investment business products that are constantly improving and are uniquely competitive in the operation of super-high net-value customer groups; build a workforce-enabling system with the highest number of consultants in the industry; and implement the requirements of integrated global development to integrate retail and wealth abroad
By the end of the first half of 2020, there were more than 10.3 million individual clients of the company, more than 40,000 clients of the general corporate body, $6.7 trillion in hosting clients, and rapid growth in the size of wealth management clients and assets.
In 2020h1, the company realized a net interest income of 810 million yuan, a 41.18 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly affected by the increase in interest payments. In 2020h1, the company earned interest income of 6,957 million yuan, an increase of 4.93 per cent over the same period, and interest expenditure of $6,147 million, an increase of 17.02 per cent over the same period.
4) Reorganization of equity bonds and M & As maintains a leading edge, with both the scale and the ratio of ownership to management increasing 2020h1, with net corporate income of 2.221 billion yuan, an increase of 23.13% over the same period, achieving a robust increase. To benefit from the introduction of new refinancing schemes and the impact of market liquidity and lower financing costs, companies have benefited from the introduction of new schemes for refinancing.
The amount and amount of equity debt are increasing and the industry continues to be a leader. In the case of equity underwriting, the company completes a major underwriting of 52 bills for $131,749 million (with targeted increases in asset classes), in the first place. In the case of merger restructuring, the company completes a major asset restructuring transaction for approximately $232.5 billion, in the city.
By the end of the first half of 2020, reforms had been stepped up, the creation board had been regularized, the start-up board had landed, the policy dividend had been released, and the company’s business space had become more multi-dimensional.
Strong, with the prospect of pre-empting the beneficial capital market system reform dividend and the creation of carrier vouchers, to achieve sustained performance growth and a steady increase in profitability. We look forward to the future development of the company, combining company fundamentals with equity.