The industry poles, the poles, the poles, the headlines, the net profit return to the mother, $8,926 million, an increase of 38 per cent, corresponding to eps 0.7 per share; the net return asset realizes the same income ratio of +22.7 per cent to +26.7 billion; the net profit to the mother +38 per cent to +8926 billion.
2) 2020h1, companies continue to adopt a sound investment style, with self-employment revenues of between +64.4 and +11.8 billion, representing 44% of the revenue, of which investment returns of +357 million, mainly due to market volatility (especially the apparent improvement of equity markets) leading to financial instruments.
As a result of the change in the promised value, we expect a firm increase in the return rate of the company under the multiple investment strategy. 3) Due to the precautionary principle, the purchase of re-selled financial assets and credit impairment losses on the loan is increased by 196 to 1.140 billion yuan over the same period in 2019, and is expected to follow the impact of the epidemic.
Gradual clean-up and gradual improvement in the economic situation will also reduce the impact of impairments. Billions of dollars, with companies achieving net revenue from brokering +31.4% to $4.83 billion, with agency purchase and sale certificates, percentage points, we believe the company’s capacity for integrated financial services will increase as the agency’s client ratio rises.
On 24 August, the number of CPS projects (deactivated and discontinued) reached 52, with 11.9 per cent of municipalities (ranked 1st). In the context of the deepening of capital market reforms, the reform of the entrepreneurship register accelerated, with Sino-Sin taking the lead as a coupon to fully benefit from capital market construction and direct financing development.
Net income from managed operations was +23 million to $3.29 billion, mainly due to rapid growth in corporate fund management in the capital market, the size of the fund management was +36% to $124.81 billion, and the profits from the summer fund in the first half of the year were +6% to $750 million.
▪ The business landscape is expanding, and policy gains will be strong and strong. 1) Based on the strategic considerations of expanding the business layout, the company purchases the Guangzhou securities by issuing full equity shares and changing them to Chinese securities in South China.
It is expected that the company’s services in the South China region will be enhanced to serve the country’s strategy for the Great Island Bay region. The company has now achieved full coverage of the country’s 31 provincial and municipal networks.
With the continuation of a comprehensive international first-class investment campaign to promote diversification of operations, it is expected that further progress will be made in the future through the annual round-up: significant impairments and acquisitions to expand the size and influence of companies to counter competition from international investment.) Policies since 2020
The decline in performance, investment and growth has continued, with new refinancing schemes, new securities laws and the establishment of an entrepreneurship register all creating a favourable environment, leading to market understanding, pricing and affordability.
Sino-Kin, a well-deserved champion, has a strong professional capacity and is expected to capture the bright eye, the brightest and the brightest performer in the world, and has maintained its consistent robustness. As the business map continues to expand, it overlaps with the regulatory drive.
I've got a lot to say, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board