July 30th, 2020.
1h2020 performance forecast: A net gain of nearly 40% in the first half of the year was 38% to 8.9 billion. Corporate overall performance was better than industry. Markets were active in the first half of the year, with higher risk preferences and a greater boost to middle-strategy securities brokering, credit, etc.
In the context of large direct financing, it might be more beneficial to trust securities in the company’s front-runners. In addition, in the context of increased counter-cyclical regulation, interest rates are low and are expected to improve the debt burden of middle-trust securities. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable.
The company’s performance at the end of the harvest was relatively stable, but the net profit performance was more robust, with a significant increase in net profit of 2q and a certain correlation between the lower base period of last year (2q2019 net gain, etc.): market conditions showed that the market stock base of 1h2020 was 95 trillion and yoy 28.3 per cent.
Both are relatively high, and they have a better impact on SCM brokerage and credit operations. In the context of capital market reforms (the rollout, refinancing liberalization, etc.), the investment portfolio has been better boosted.
Institutional investors as a share of the liquiditya Profiling and investment proposals: Looking ahead, in the context of 12 further improvements, policies at the regulatory level to support capital development are being introduced.
In addition, in the context of increased countercyclical regulation, monetary policy is relaxed, and the corporate debt is expected to improve. At present, the bond industry is in a state of high volatility, with policy (capital market reform), capital (lower interest rates), market (transaction, market risk preference)
In the context of this fast-track performance report, the expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd. and by the Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report. _Capitalgare#2iiiTaibei Hong Kong Shanghai 30 July 2020