Newtime security
q1 Performance Guides Over-expected, keeping a good eye on the company's long-term growth — Pond Holding q1 Performance Pre-Assessment Report Quarterly Performance Supermarket expectations, looking at the company's long-term development and moving up to a “strongly recommended” rating
Prominently recommended (higher rating) for global pcb flagships, with a short-term or larger impact of the epidemic, but in the long run, the company ' s slp, lcp antenna and car pcb board layouts are consistent with industrial trends and are expected to be well managed and skilled
We keep our performance projections unchanged, with companies expected to fall in 2020-2022 q1 affected by the epidemic, exchange gains and losses or major reasons for performance supermarket expectations q1 achieving business income of $3.969 billion, a decrease of about 6.3% over the reporting period, but the company was able to do so during the reporting period.
With sustained cost control, process improvement, increased automated production, reduced production costs, increased operating profits, and an increase in the value of the United States dollar over the reporting period due to the fact that the value of the company ' s exported goods is predominantly settled in United States dollars, the exchange gains were about $50 million, and the exchange losses were about $70-80 million during the same period last year.
In the second half of the year, when new machines are sold, the company will pick up on a quarterly basis. In terms of the Māori rate, the company continues to be at the lowest/highest level per year: the land upgrades and upgrades of existing production lines and the continuous promotion of automation, intelligence and numbers.
Word level, we believe that there is still room for an increase in the company ' s Māori ratio in 2020. Moreover, the company ' s projected capital expenditure of $4.98 billion in 2020, mainly for projects such as the Shenzhen II plant, high-grade hdi-plate expansion, and multi-storey soft-board production lines, demonstrates its confidence in long-term development.
The new coronary disease does not change the long-term growth logic, and keeps looking at the company’s vast development space. The new coronary disease will have some impact on mobile phone delivery in the short term, but it will not change the wave of a 5g mobile phone, which has higher demands on pcb accuracy, density, and reliability, reducing size and reliability.
Improved performance is the inevitable direction for industry development. The company has a very strong technology research and development capability, with a strong customer and product card advantage, and is expected to continue to increase the unit price and share of the company's large client slp products, as well as its slp penetration at the end of Andre, which will benefit the company in depth; with regard to the lcp antenna, it is expected that the company will be able to do so this year.
A large customer delivers an lcp product, which meets the high-frequency high-speed transmission requirements of the 5g era, and is expected to become a mainstream technology route for cellular antennas in the future. We believe that there is a clear advantage in technology such as the company ' s lcp antennas, slp, etc., to add to the larger trend of car intelligence, and there is wide scope for long-term development.
The new crown epidemic has led to short-term pressure on performance, without changing the long-term growth logic of 2020-03-31.
Short-term pressure on o3 performance, looking forward to rapid corporate growth by 2020 2019-10-31
" Global pcb taps, tied to large customer shared technology upgrade dividend " 2019-08-15