In April, the harvest was higher than expected, and Se's new product was growing steadily. Events: On 30 April 2020, the Pond Control Unit issued a report for the first quarter of 2020, yielding 3,369 million dollars, a decrease of 6.31 per cent compared with the previous year: net return to the mother of $308 million, Pooncy Holdings (002938.sz)
This represents an increase of 66.33 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 273 million over the same period, representing an increase of 74.16 per cent. On 5 May 2020, the company announced a revenue of 2,264 million in April, an increase of 42.33 per cent over the same period and 20.62 per cent over the same period in March.
Billions, 1.877 billion, corresponding to -8.95 per cent, -42.30 per cent, 19.40 per cent, the fall in January-February spring holidays, mainly earlier than in previous years and the impact of the epidemic, led to insufficient start-up rates for companies, while in March, after normal production, there was a better increase, with the company ' s 1q20 crop falling by only 6.31 per cent. In April, the company achieved a growth rate of 2,264 million, compared with 42.33 per cent, the ring grew by 20.62 per cent, and the supermarket forecast.
The company’s Māori rate of 22.40% in the quarter, an increase of 3.6 percentage points in the same year, benefited from such factors as the closure of the port plant (continuing loss); at the cost end, the Iq20 period cost was 373 million, a decrease of 151 million, a decrease of 9.39% in the same period, a decrease of 2.98 percentage points in the same period.
In the past, the company was characterized by a low-season period, with large profit differentials in the first half of the year, and the release of the new phone helped smooth down the differences in the season. Apple officially launched its new sale on 24 April, with a minimum price of $2799 in multiple channels, such as overlaying and amortization, and s15052003001.
The value of the mobile phone is significant. It is believed that the electronics industry chain research is about 25 million in the year that the new loan is sold and 45 million in the life cycle. The Apple Performance Statement is more positive for 2q20 ipad and mac. As a client's fpc+slp core supplier, the python shares will be deep-seated.
S1500519909003 Vision q2, se2 has continued to outpace expectations, applestore is now gradually opening, and the recovery of overseas demand will further boost companies in the second quarter.
In the second half of the year, the iPhone 12-high-steed type may be delayed, but we expect that the aerpods will have a major political edition in 2021, and companies will be pre-positioned, and competitiveness will remain prominent. In addition, companies are actively seeking new development opportunities, expanding new customers and new products. On the new clients, the company is fully integrated into the Androrone-head customer response chain, which is now a Chinese core supplier; and a vehicle-borne, mobile hardboard business that will benefit from the group ' s ability to integrate its resources in the long term will be fully released.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
> The full range of competitive advantages is highlighted and the logic of product expansion and price increases is clear: companies, the world ' s number-first-ranked pcb, have a full range of combined advantages over competitors: (1) on the product side, companies have built one-stop service platforms for a full range of pcb products, with major products covering a wide range of products such as fpc, hdi, rpcb, module, slp, cof, rigidflex; (2) on the customer side, companies often serve a number of leading international brands such as apple, google, etc.
Demand is less volatile; (3) technological advantage, the company is involved in the technological upgrading of the downstream customer ' s multi-line products at a full depth. Under a 5g trend, the internal structure of the end product is more complex and developed to lightening. The past hdi layers will gradually be replaced by higher density, smaller line width slp class panels, while other widgets, such as camera modules, will be connected more by fpc to the main panel, for example, ipadpro, whose value is already over $25.
The dk/df of fpc is not working well, so a number of manufacturers have started to use long-line technologies such as lcp or mpi in their design. We believe that slp, lcp, etc., are long-line technological evolutions for the 5g terminal, and that punctuated shares will be pre-positioned in future competition.
A steady performance growth in 2020, with 2021 years of innovation, is still expected. Risk factors: the epidemic lasts too long; downstream demand falls short of expectations; competition increases; \triangleright \triangleright
Figure 2: Goldhold Stock Collection and Profit Performance (Billions of Dollars) Figure 3: Gold Stock Profiting Performance
Figure 5: The R&D costs of Pond Holdings (millions of yuan) Figure 6: Pond Holdings and Cash Flows into Operations (billions) Figure 7: Pond Holdings ' Net Profit and Operating Cash Flows (billions)
Figure 8: Stock holdings in dots (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Receivables in dots (millions of yuan)
In 19 the third place in the new wealth electronics industry; in 18/19, Crystalball 2/3 in the electronics industry; and in 18/19, Gold Bull Award 3/2 in the electronics industry. Wang Saitama, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.