South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) performance summary: companies earned $26.6 billion in 2019, an increase of 2.94 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2.93 billion to mothers.
The same-year growth rate of 5.5 per cent and net profit of $2.78 billion, a 6.5 per cent increase. Quality performance meets expectations, recalcitrantness: the epidemic disrupts the 2020 performance growth rate, and the end-use of 5g is up to date. Corporate disclosure of the 2020 business goal: business income is planned to be 26.620 billion yuan by 2020.
• Non-phone business growth contributed strongly to growth: communications board revenue was 19.9 billion, a decline of 2.54 per cent, Māori rate of 23.01 per cent, a decline of 0.61 pct, a decline in volume, mainly from iPhone, but the company achieved a mpi-down antenna upgrade to achieve a Māori balance in cellular panels. Consumer electronics and computer panels were collected.
With $6.7 billion, an increase of 23.59 per cent, Māori 26.13 per cent, mainly a strong growth rate of applewatch and airpods, and a sustained rise in the share of revenue from consumer electronic plates, the growth in apples wearing equipment has remained significantly lower than 70.28 per cent a year, mainly because of the company ' s active development of the country ' s Andre clients, and the company has begun to give it to China.
During the year, the epidemic affected the pace of preparedness and end demand, the company is still actively preparing for the se2, the 5g version of the iPhone in the second half of the year is still to be expected, the upgrade of the lcp transmission line, the slp mainboard will lead to an increase in the amount of money, the public sector will gain a better share of the new material, and the 5g mobile phone will return to growth after the outbreak strikes.
Šipadpro publishes that the excess hdi supplied by the company to the miniled backboard is expected to add value, while at the same time it is expected to gain a major share in the future through a positive expansion of the miniled penetration rate. Production capacity continues to expand, and there is still room for improvement: in 2020, the company expects to spend $4.98 billion on capital.
The main planned investment projects are the Headquarters Building Project, the Shenzhen II Plant Project, the Celebrity Electronics (Liaoan) Ltd. flexible multi-storey printed circuit board extension project, the Magnificent Fine Electric (Qin Island) Ltd. High-level hdi print circuit board extension project, the Multi-storey flexible board production line, and the Huai An project.
In 2020, the global economy was affected by the epidemic (002938); the impact of the spring disturbance was in crisis, the overseas suppliers were hit more and the company share was expected to rise further, while at the same time, the company share was expected to rise further.
2. Quadrant Holdings (002938), start of the new machine preparation cycle, 3. Quadrant Holdings (002938), start of the new machine preparation, light Quality of financial analysis: gradual optimization of management, construction of barriers to competition with high R & D inputs. Quarterly collections are gradually improving.
The season is not too bad (2019-12-09), which is the traditional season in the third and fourth quarters, and the fourth quarter is still growing at the same rate in the run-up of mobile phones, mainly for companies with 4.
The company’s quarterly Māori rate is gradually recovering during the season, keeping pace with the average turnover rate (2019-11-06), with the company now approaching its best level in terms of quarterly asset turnover, which is expected to follow.
5. Pond Holdings (002938). Performance meets expectations. Four: Impacts of the epidemic have improved, supplies have returned to normal, and turnover is expected to increase. Operating cash flows of $4.16 billion, 6. Pond Holdings (002938), Apple Additional Orders, IV.
Gold currents. The sales rate of 1.42 per cent and an increase of 0.24 pct, mainly due to the start-up of Qin and Huai An factories in 19 years, with a slight increase in transport costs, has a less significant impact on overall profitability. The management rate of 4.01 per cent, an increase of 0.49 pct, is mainly an increase in awards for managers and the start-up of a new plant, resulting in an increase in depreciation amortization costs.
The annual exchange rate depreciation generates a gain on exchange. Companies spend 1.35 billion dollars on R & D, up 10.5% from the same year, creating new ones, leading companies to increase their R & D inputs for new products, including icp transmission lines, miniled with thin hdi backboards, etc. Companies have always given high priority to technology R & D, maintaining close cooperation with their clients, and maintaining a core supply.
The company’s return to work in the first quarter of 2020 was delayed, and the compound growth rate after it resumed work in March. Given the firm’s absolute market niche and the technical advantages of its products, it maintained “buying”
Assumption 1: affected by the epidemic, the first quarter of 2020 was affected, mobile phone sales fell throughout the year, and, given the firm ' s strong share in the supply chain, mobile phones were expected to drop 4.5 per cent in the same year, and cellular phones recovered in 2021.
Māori rates rise and drop as a result of new feed import and increased automation. Assuming that 2: Apples and applewatch are growing robustly, leading to corresponding business growth, apples are expected to continue at a faster pace in the area of wearable equipment, and companies are able to benefit from industry dividends simultaneously, and are expected to do so in 2020-2022.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.