The Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
q1 Māori rose significantly, with new growth points driving steady development The company released a quarterly performance of $3.969 billion in revenue from q1 in 2020, a decrease of 6.31 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $307 million, an increase of 66.31 per cent in the same year, a deduction of $272 million from the net return to the mother.
The increase in the Maori rate was evident during the quarter. The fall in q1 battalion was largely influenced by the late start of work in February, the late demand of clients, and the gradual recovery of production and orders in March, which led to a better increase in the single month. The company’s q1 performance increased significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in exchange rate earnings (this year’s exchange gains plus interest charges).
With $75.69 million in revenue and $5.746 million in currency exchange losses during the same period last year, government subsidies (a significant increase over the same period last year, plus an increase in the q1 inventory by $101 million compared to the previous year, which, taken as a whole, we measured an increase of about 10-20 per cent in the company ' s q1 performance over the same period.
(slp, fpc) In March, the company ' s overall crop rate was higher and production costs dropped significantly, thus increasing 1. " q1 profitability increases, with a year-round performance of steady iphonese2, ipad, mac pull, and a two-quarter performance outlook. We know from the industry chain.
By April and May, orders for apple-related hardware products were normal, iphonese2, ipad, Mac 2. Q1 profitability improved, year-round performance was expected to be steady and better off, and companies benefited more from slp and fpc, looking forward to a positive performance in the second quarter of the year.
The impact of the epidemic, short-term performance pressure, does not change to a good long-term pattern. We believe that, as a result of the epidemic, Apple sales will be affected by the impact of the epidemic, due to the relatively large share of corporate revenues from iphone, industry 3. Product structure and consolidation affects three quarters of Maori.
Performance will be affected by the epidemic in the short term, and now ipad and mac have better business needs, which are expected to grow rapidly this year. We believe that once the overseas epidemic is contained, demand will gradually be released, many of the company’s business will grow better, and fpc is expected to continue to add new numbers and take on older ones.
It is expected that mpi and lcp will continue to increase the single-machine value; that the production capacity of the island of Qin will continue to increase, with a 30 per cent share of orders available to large clients this year, and that the company ' s slp product will continue to increase its share of large clients, compared to its competitors, and that the company ' s s slp qualification rate will be higher than that of its competitors.
High, better profitable; big clients roll out miniled technology, companies are expected to supply the main supply, super thinhdi, super thinhdi technology is more difficult, companies are a small number of companies with access to the technology, and it is expected that large clients will have multiple miniled technologies next year, and companies will produce ultra thinhdi products.
If you're ready enough, you'll be able to benefit positively in the future.
Multiply, maintain the "buy-in" rating.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment