The company published a report for the first quarter of 2020: $3.969 billion in operating income during the reporting period.
6.31 per cent; net return to the mother ' s profit of $308 million, an increase of 66.33 per cent over the same period; monthly harvests were positive, with a negative growth in performance in the first quarter of the year. Total revenues in the first quarter of 2020 amounted to $3.969 billion, a decrease of 6.31 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the suspension of production during the epidemic.
Cost control has been effective, with profit ends benefiting from reduced management costs and higher exchange earnings from companies. 2020q1 achieved net return profit of $308 million, an increase of 66.33 per cent over the same period, with performance in the first quarter of the year at the midpoint of the performance forecast.
Technological upgrades have resulted in higher levels of automation of new production lines and significant cost-control effects. The 2020q1 Māori rate was 22.40 per cent, an increase of 3.6 percentage points over the same period. (2) The value of corporate exports has largely been settled in United States dollars, and the appreciation of the United States dollar during the reporting period has increased exchange earnings and increased corporate profits.
The company’s product lines are complete, covering fpc, hdi, etc. The company is a small number of large, specialized manufacturers with various types of pcb design, R & D, manufacturing and marketing capabilities worldwide, pcb.
The product lines are rich, covering fpc, hdi, rpcb, module, slp, cof, rigid flex, etc. The company continues to have high R & D inputs and is able to produce slp in volume. The R & D fee for 2020q1 is $201 million, an increase of 14.27%. The company has a long-term focus on pcb technology development, with a "minority."
Small, tall, fast, fine and smart, as the R&D direction, are currently capable of producing printed electricity with a minimum aperture of 0.025 mm and a minimum linear width of 0.025 mm, which has developed the capacity to produce the next generation of pcb product slp, which represents the higher-level process, and which is expected to benefit from 5g newsletters.
▪ Impact of the epidemic on the global economy; demand for consumer electronics has fallen short of expectations.
Wang Da-ting.