Transport / Airfield, South Air, 2022. Eighty-seven.6 billion yuan (14.4 per cent), net profit to mothers, $32.68 billion, of which 16.9 billion yuan ( - 27.1 per cent) to mothers in four quarters and net profit to mothers.
Overall, due to the impact of the epidemic, the price of oil and the exchange rate, the year-round deficit was significant, and the epidemic affected the drop in passenger flows and the fall in revenue. The impact of the 2022 epidemic continued throughout the year, with 16.46 pct, despite a significant increase of 18.4% in passenger kilometre earnings and a remarkable contribution of $20.9 billion in mail and mail.
The 52-week peak/minimum harvest, however, continued to fall in corporate revenue as a whole, owing to the weak performance of passenger traffic. High shipping prices have put cost pressures on the year’s prices, with high income tax charges in four quarters, and a year-long loss in line with expectations.
International oil prices as a whole were high in 2022, with the high cost of aviation oil, which increased by 28.1 per cent to 32.67 billion over the same period, significantly less than 21 years.
As a result of overall demand, oil prices, and exchange rates, significant losses were expected throughout the year. In the fourth quarter alone, companies raised $4.65 billion in income tax fees on a pre-tax basis, resulting in higher losses.
Keeping in view the reversal of civil aviation supply and demand, the company's performance is expected to pick up rapidly, and we continue to see the reversal of civil aviation demand and supply, with a significant increase in the civil aviation fleet from 2020 to 2022.
Slow, creating preconditions for a demand-supply reversal. Domestic passenger flights have exceeded 2019 in the summer and autumn of 2023. Southern Airlines (600029.sh)-3q lost significantly and continue to watch the epidemic. Over the same period of the year, the number of international airline flights has also continued to grow and passenger flows have resumed. This has been accompanied by demand.
Southern Air (600029.sh) - The margin impairment has led to higher losses throughout the year and a healthy recovery, with civil aviation eventually transitioning from supply over demand to demand to demand balance and supply over demand, and transport levels expected to remain strong and corporate performance expected to pick up rapidly.
South Air 600029-2021 Tri-quarterly: negative impact, deficit. South Air 600029-2021 Quarterly Review: Good Return of Passengers, Sustained Investment Recommendations: Higher Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of Buy-in Ratings.
Taking into account the earlier-than-expected improvement in immunization policy, the earlier-than-expected recovery in the civil aviation industry and the decline in oil prices, the upward profit projections, from $572 million to $7.51 billion, respectively, disclosed in the South Air 2022 annual report: $87.06 billion (14.4 per cent) for the entire year 2022 and net return to the mother.
Overall, significant losses throughout the year, due to the impact of the epidemic, oil prices, and exchange rates, were inevitable, with four quarters of the income tax having a greater impact and operating losses meeting expectations. kilometre gains rose by 18.4%, and postage was impressive, contributing 20.9 billion battalions, but as a result of passenger manifests.
Weaknesses and corporate revenues continue to decline. Figure 5: Southern Airlines ask and the same-year increase. Figure 6: Southern Air Quarterly ask and the same-year increase.
Figure 7: Southern aviation rpk and rate of increase on year-on-year basis Figure 8: South aviation single quarter rpk and rate of increase on year-on-year basis Figure 10: South aviation quarterly passenger rate
Figure 11: Changes in revenue from South Air Passenger kilometres, Figure 12: Quarterly South Air Unit rpk operating income The high prices of aviation oil throughout the year resulted in cost pressures, high income tax charges in four quarters, and year-round losses were expected.
The year was marked by high international oil prices and high aviation costs, which still ranged from 28.1 per cent to $32.67 billion, with significant cost pressures, the consolidation of airlines, higher fixed costs, and the devaluation of the exchange rate.
Demand, oil prices, exchange rates, and significant year-round losses were expected. In four quarters alone, companies raised $4.65 billion in income tax fees on a pre-tax deficit of $10.9 billion, resulting in higher losses, but in contrast, the netting loss on deferred tax assets not included in the public administration increased to $43.35 billion, elasticizing future performance.
Figure 15: Southern aviation non-oil costs and comparative figures Figure 16: Southern aviation quarterly non-oil costs and comparative figures Figure 17: Southern aviation unit ask non-oil costs and year-on-year ratios
Figure 18: Non-oil costs per unit in Southern Aviation Quarterly and by comparison, Figure 19: Trends in Southern Aviation Cost Rates, Figure 20: Trends in Southern Air Quarterly Cost Rates
Figure 21: Total South Air Deduction Profit Figure 22: Total South Air Quarterly Deduction Profit
We continue to look at the larger direction of the civil aviation industry in terms of supply and demand reversals, with a significant slowdown in the civil aviation fleet from 2020 to 2022, creating the preconditions for a demand and demand reversal. The number of domestic passenger flights has been rising since the summer and autumn seasons of 2023, and the number of international airline flights has continued to grow and the flow of passengers has resumed. With a sustained recovery in demand, civil aviation has continued.
In the end, there will be a gradual transition from supply to demand to demand to supply balance, and prices are expected to continue to be strong, and the performance of the Division is expected to pick up rapidly.
Figure 24: Volume of international, regional line passenger flights in civil aviation Investment proposal: to raise profit projections and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Considering that the policy was optimized earlier than expected compared to the previous report, the civil aviation sector recovered ahead of schedule and
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject