The profit elasticity has arrived, and new products are entering the harvest period, and according to the company's performance forecast, operating income is expected to be $3.1008 billion in 2021, a year-on-year increase in profitability.
The company announced a 10 percentage point increase in net profits in 2020, which is closer to the average profit level of mature domestic and foreign semiconductor equipment enterprises. The company’s profitability has increased significantly, with 6 percentage points benefiting from a superior business structure.
This, i.e., the share of income from corrosion equipment, which is up to 44 per cent of the Māori rate, has continued to increase significantly, while the Māori rate has recovered from the previous year by 14 percentage points to a reasonable level, with 3 percentage points benefiting from the scale effect, which has led to a decline in the cost rate during the marketing period.
Billion dollars, about 90.5% more than in the same year, and the nearly doubling of new orders, both for corrosion equipment orders and the recovery of mocvd orders, remain the main component of the new orders in terms of structural proportions. In 2021, corrosion equipment earned $2,004 million, an increase of 55%, based on orders and fab.
In view of trends in the purchasing industry, the likely rate of revenue from the sale of corrosion equipment in 2022 is an acceleration of growth, with a large number of new products coming into the harvest period. In 2021, the volume of icp shipments exceeded expectations, based on the smooth handover of the 100th response cavity of the medium-sized micro company ' s corrosion device "primonanova" on 9 June 2021.
This is a new milestone in the development of icp etching products. The company’s next phase of new products, such as har, bi-Damascus, lpcvd, and pi – about 25% of the cumulative value of the crystalline equipment – is also the core of the forward process equipment, and looks forward to new developments and breakthroughs in 2022.
In view of the increasing profitability of the company, the active expansion of the global crystalworks is driving the growth of orders, using as a standard the market price of 24 January 2022.
Valuation fluctuations risk of semiconductor plates; downstream demand for spare parts influenced by non-market factors; research will continue to increase. 20211029 China Insignia: 84 per cent increase in revenue from corrosion equipment, new company
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.