Recommended (for the first time) A company issued a performance forecast of operating income of $3.11 billion in 2021, an increase of 36.7 per cent in the same year; Māori of $1.34 billion, an increase of 56.0 per cent in the same year; and net profit return of the parent
In 2021, the company earned $2.00 billion in corrosion equipment, an increase of 55.4 per cent, gross interest rate of 44.4 per cent.
The company has developed less than 5 nm corrosion devices for critical processing, has obtained bulk orders and is developing them.
More advanced processes such as Damascus; in the area of 3dnand, the company ' s electrovolent plasma etching equipment has been applied to 64 and 128 layers of production and is developing very deep-wide etching equipment and processes covering more than 128 layers in a new generation.
The Division is well advanced in the area of corrosion equipment in the world and will benefit significantly from import substitution in the field of semiconductor equipment in the country.
Our continent, as the largest semiconductor area of global demand for equipment, is heavily dependent on the portal, which not only affects the development of our semiconductor industry, but also poses a major risk to the security of our information industry.
The next decade is an era of car electricization and intelligence. Electricization and smart cars require significant sensors, while smart cabins, car communications, road coordination, electro-technology replacements.
In the context of a large market space and a low rate of national production, it is self-controllable to promote the introduction of domestic semi-conductors. To benefit from this, the company signed a new $4.13 billion bill in 2021.
On the other hand, they benefited from 72, 53 and 40 times the growth in corporate income, taking into account the company's leading position in the field of semiconductor equipment etching and the company's mocvd equipment in the field of miniled.
Step-by-step, stacking companies are committed to building platform companies that will gradually grow into global-impact semiconductor equipment companies, covering for the first time, giving a “recommended” rating for the semiconductor equipment industry, with huge R & D investments, failures in R & D or products pushing to the market.
After the event, it failed to meet the risk of customer demand; the global semiconductor industry moved to mainland China to mitigate the risk; and the fund-raising project did not progress as expected.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinion given in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.