The company's review reports - the securities industry has performed well, and the major portfolio has significant advantages.
Wuping, using the impairment loss to boost net gains. Other business income increased by 56.69% from the same year, mainly from major merchandise sales by subsidiaries. Corporate credit impairment losses
The performance of the marketing business was excellent, the higher net interest income was influenced by the market’s dynamic, the company’s brokerage income was excellent, and the transformation of wealth management was continuing. 2021h1, the average market-day stock-base turnover increased by 21.17%, the beneficial markets were active, and companies were engaged in brokering.
The company has continued to deepen and upgrade its wealth management transition, focusing on the development of financial product marketing operations, and the performance of sales revenue.
The IBEs grew at a much higher rate than the average for the industry, and the IPOs fully seized the opportunity to absorb mergers and achieve rapid growth. 2021h1, the company achieved net investment income of $795 million, an increase of 43.7 per cent over the same period, which was higher than the industry average.
Equal 25.85 percentage points. Corporate equity performance, ipo coverage, has increased significantly. 2021h1 completed 13 shares of a financing project, with a principal charge of $20.847 billion, compared with high-quality clients such as Yan, State and financial institutions, with a corresponding increase of $63.895 billion.
• The advantages of corporate asset management are significant. The fully benefiting industry development dividend company has a large asset management business that is deployed through the Eastern Investment Management and Equity Transfer Fund. 2021h1, of which the company has a public fund management capacity of $26,203 million, or 73.8 per cent.
At the end of the reporting period, the assets management of the Replenishment Fund exceeded $1.2 trillion, of which the size of the Fund exceeded $950 billion, an increase of 13.75% compared to the beginning of the year.
The income from self-investment operations has declined and the size has expanded by 2021h1, and companies have achieved 11.62 percentage points of self-investment. Of this, net returns on investments (which do not include investments in alliances and joint ventures) have been recommended for the company's ongoing transformation of wealth management, and equity-type sales have performed well.
The company has significant advantages and fully benefited from the industrial development dividend through financial management and equity transfers. We look forward to the future development of the company, together with the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity, and recommend it.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.