Qingdao Port (601298.sh) semi-annual report, 2024: Reported incidents: Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh) released its semi-annual report, 2024.
Containers: 24h1 benefited from an increase of 9.0 per cent in throughput, segment performance of 1,083 million yuan, and volume increased by 9.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, benefiting from such factors as the expansion of the route and the advance of the sea and iron connection.
Expansion of routes: 8 additional container routes in the first half of 2024, international transit boxes equal to the Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: provincial consolidation of major restructuring programme update, projected increase in the number of ps
In the first half of 2024, nine additional inland ports opened to six of them. Qingdao Port (601298.sh) 2023 reported a 13.4 per cent increase over the previous year:
23 years of net profit from the mother + 8.72 per cent, with a 4 per cent dividend rate Liquid bulk: 24h1 future warehousing operations, active expansion of out-of-provincial markets, achievement of branch performance
Completion of approximately 400,000 tons of future-carrying crude oil deposits over the course of six months, resulting in increased efficiency gains in future-carrying warehousing operations, and deep integration of the hub port, along with increased absorption of logistics services, such as maritime transport and rail transit, in off-provincial markets such as Hebei and Shaanxi
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Kindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Qingdao Port performed robustly, with companies projected to grow 2024-2026
In the major areas of transport such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, the new wealth surged in 2021 and 2022 in 2022, partially unconscionable and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations that the CVC has resumed.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.