Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: re-introduction programme update, ps expected to increase: Qingdao Port (601298.sh) issue shares and pay cash to purchase assets and collect packages
Assets from the Sunshine Harbour Group: a total of $4,629 million worth of money, which companies intend to buy through cash, plans to raise up to $2 billion in matching funds for no more than 35 investors, with the remainder to be financed from their own funds.
100% share in Sunshine Oil Terminals Co. Ltd. (Girl Oil Company): principal activity in liquid bulk port handling and tank storage, 5.72% in 2023, 50% share in Sunshine Oil Terminal Co. Ltd. (Sunshine Oil Terminals Co.): main source
Liquid bulk port handling operations, estimated at 12.52 per cent in 2023, with 17.91 billion yuan for purchase, 11.60 per cent for pe and 1.45 per cent for pb. Assets from the Smoking Ports Group: $4.812 billion for total exchange, the company plans to deal with the Smoking Ports Group
As a result, the Shandong Port Group held 50.36 per cent and 9.70 per cent of the shares of the company, respectively, through the Qingdao Harbour Group and the Smoking House Group, which together held 60.06 per cent of the shares of the company.
Mainly engaged in liquid bulk port handling, tank storage, pipeline transmission, 19.17 per cent in 2023, purchase price of 3.264 billion yuan, 8.51 times pe, 51 per cent shareholding in Shandong Port Pipeline Logistics Co. Ltd. (port source pipeline): mainly engaged in liquids
Operations such as bulk port handling, tank storage, pipeline transmission, etc., 2023 Roe is the 2023 Qingdao Port (601298.sh) Annual Report: Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh) In-depth report: Qingdao
\triangleright \Trangleright
Quality of the company and level of return per share. In this draft, the company adjusts the scope of the assets to be acquired, based on financial data for the projects in 2022, and the existing programme does not include the original asset, Van Sinda Securities Inc., within the scope of the proposed acquisition.
The scheme was adjusted to bring the proposed acquisition of assets together in 2023.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing is 11.68% higher than all listed companies in a share port block except Qingdao. Roe’s acquisition is close to the listed company, but the value is valued below the listed company’s level.
In 2023, 12.22% of Qingdao’s financial data were collected and the total value of the assets to be acquired was $6,497 million. The market value of the shares in Qingdao was 13.0 times the net profit and the net assets to be returned to the mother in 2023 and 1.59 times the pb.
We expect the transaction to increase the company pers. During this acquisition, assets from the Japan Harbour Group are paid in cash, and the company plans to raise no more than $2 billion in portfolio funds for no more than 35 investors.
The impact on the ps is relatively low, and we expect the transaction to increase the company's strength. With the consolidation of the Shandong Port, the consolidation of assets in the province will accelerate, and no related acquisition plans are in place: pending consideration of the impact of the collection of matching funds, after the completion of the transaction, the Shandong Port Group will operate separately.
At this stage, Shandong Port integration has entered into an in-depth business integration phase centred on Qingdao Port, which will accelerate the acquisition of quality to Shandong Province.
Integrated integration of liquid bulk terminals to promote diversification, intensification, and synergistic development in order to enhance integrated competitiveness. The Shandong Port Group is committed to resolving peer competition by January 2027, while other handling assets in the province are not sufficiently profitable and are still in the construction phase.
• Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Qingdao Hong Kong is growing robustly, without taking into account the impact of the acquisition, risk factors: port integration progresses beyond expectations; container throughput is below expectations; liquid bulk
Dr. Zhog Ming, University of Mines of China (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, deputy director-general of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals Economic Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association Coal Commission, formerly Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal use
For more than a decade now, it has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Plan for Coal Survey and Development, on the revision of industrial policy and on business-related advice. In June 2016, it joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for the coal industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.