Qingdao Port (601298.sh) incident review: major reorganization party accepted, progressed in an orderly manner: Qingdao Harbour (601298.sh) released shares and cash payments on 13 July 2024
On September 27th, the company announced that the major restructuring programme had been processed by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and that it was based on the 2023 profit distribution programme that had been implemented and the draft approval process that had been implemented.
It is planned to raise up to RMB 2 billion in portfolio funds for no more than 35 investors, with the remainder to be financed from its own funds. 100% shareholding in Sunshine Oil Terminals Co. Ltd. (GRC)
Liquid bulk port handling and tank area warehousing operations, 5.72 per cent in 2023, 50 per cent share in Sunny Oil Terminal Co. Ltd. (Daylight Real): main cargo bulk port handling operations, 12.52 per cent in 2023, purchase price
17.91 billion yuan, equivalent to 11.60 times the pe and 1.45 times the pb. Assets from Smoking Ports Group: total value of $4.812 billion, the company plans to share 53.88 per cent of the Smoky Ports Consortium Combined Energy Pipelines Ltd. (UTC): target
Mainly engaged in liquid bulk port handling, tank storage, pipeline transmission, 2023 Qingdao Port (601298.sh) semi-annual 2024: net profit return + 3.05 per cent, sustained overall increase
The pb corresponds to 1.63 times. Qingdao Island Port (601298.sh) incident rating: 51% shareholding in Shandong Port Pipeline Logistics Co. Ltd. (Hong Kong Source Pipeline) in the province: mainly engaged in liquids
Reconsolidation of major reorganization programmes, with ps expected to increase bulk port handling, tank storage, pipeline transmission, etc., at 10.83 per cent in 2023 and 1.548 billion yuan for acquisition, 11.89 times for pe and pb for pb
Qingdao Port (601298.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Sinda Securities Co., Ltd.
The restructuring programme is proceeding in an orderly manner. According to the draft updated on September 27, this restructuring programme is on the market.
The company shareholders ' assembly considered for adoption and obtained the approval of the Shandong Province Port Group, the authorized body of the State Property Supervisory Authority. The approval procedure to be followed is to submit the approval for approval to the CSRC for a decision to register.
We expect the transaction to increase the company pers. During this acquisition, assets from the Japan Harbour Group are paid in cash, and the company plans to raise no more than $2 billion in portfolio funds for no more than 35 investors.
The increase in equity will have a lower impact on the ps, and this transaction will add to the company.The Shandong Port will be consolidated, and the provincial assets will be modified faster, with no other acquisition plans in place. \triangleright
After the completion of the transaction, the Shandong Port Group, which holds 50.15% and 10.08% of the shares of the Qingdao Ports Group, respectively, and which together hold 60.23% of the shares of the company, has increased by 4.46%.
The acquisition will accelerate the integration of high-quality liquid bulk terminals in Shandong Province, promoting the scale, intensification and synergy of the industry and enhancing integrated competitiveness. The Shandong Port Group is committed to resolving competition among its peers by January 2027.
Other loading and unloading assets in the province are not sufficiently profitable and are still in the construction phase; conditions are not in place for injection into listed companies, which still need to be modified, and risk factors are not yet available for follow-up by listed companies in Qingdao: port integration is not advancing as expected; container throughput is not as high as expected; liquid bulk
\triangleright, major transport areas such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, new wealth surged in 2021 and 2022, partially unreconciled and unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.