The system's dividends are released, the King of Qing Xianghua returns, speeds up in 18 years, counts 2017, the white industry continues to improve, Shan Xi's channels are adjusted, the state's business is reformed and the system is released.
In 2018, it is expected that 18 years of corporate reform will continue, with the Group ' s target of 10 billion dollars expected to be achieved in 18 years.
It is expected that (1) According to the Shanxi daily newspaper, the revenue from the wine group in 2017 is expected to increase by the same amount, and therefore the revenues, profits and profits of the listed companies are almost equal to those of the group, exceeding market expectations. (2) Sub-high-end green flowers and low-end bolliums are growing faster, depending on the output. (3) Sub-regionally, the benefits are higher than expected.
Intra-provincial economic recovery, government efforts have shifted to economic recovery, and demand has been restored. External channels have been adjusted and refined. High growth has been achieved both within and outside the province. (4) Marketing has become more dynamic, cost inputs have increased and the process of nationalization has accelerated.
Reform measures have led to a steady release of institutional dividends, with 17 years of performance exceeding expectations. Looking ahead, state-owned reforms will continue in 2018, the Group’s target of 10 billion is expected to be achieved in 18 years, and the monthly " Framework Programme for Mixed Ownership Reforms " has been officially endorsed and is expected to be in 2018.
Reforms will continue, including corporate reform at the group level, executives and marketing team incentives. (2) According to the distributors' conference, “three steps and two steps, three years of work” were officially proposed in the quarter of 17 years. Group alcohol revenues are expected to hit $10 billion in 2018 and are expected to be marketed.
Coal price fluctuations have affected the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, high targets have led to pressure on the channel, and stock has risen. According to the latest data from the Liquor Group, we have increased the profit forecast by 17 years, ps ps ps from 17-19.
"The Shanxi Wine Report: System Dividend Release, Overperformance" 2017.8.28 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
An inventory of 2017 - good industry, improved channels, reforms in state companies, continued to outpace expectations in 2017, leading the growth rate of the 1-3q17 Xianguin camp. The rate of 1-3q17 Quinos is as high as 43%, just after the water.
The company's development over the past 20 years can be divided into several stages:
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, corporate sales were ranked among the highest white wine brands, known as the “old age”, but in the early 1990s, the company's development strategy failed, similar to the old cellars in Kyongzhou, and followed the development path of the “name wine for wine”, with sales revenue exceeding the five-food fluids in 94, and corporate growth stagnating.
The 1998 Shanxi fake wine case was further exacerbated by the company’s return to 97 years of sales earnings in 2002. But at this point, the wine lags far behind the white wine industry, which is known as the "Footy-Lib" and the "Poo-Tai" industry.
The intensive cultivation of the field, the revival of sales in the outlying market through the development of business unions, and the growing share of medium- and high-end products have led to rapid growth in the company’s 02-07 growth, but this has also created confusion.
At the end of 2007, the company began to govern a mixed distribution system, with sales revenues falling sharply in the first half of the year, and only recovered in the third quarter. The effects of the restructuring of the sales system in the years 09-12 gradually became apparent, and high-end alcohol was sold in the context of rising consumption.
There's a high rate of growth in the suspicion of alcohol. Due to the company's lack of control over the marketing system, the single season, the Shanxi Liquor 13-16 years, the response to changes in the industry was slow due to inadequate team incentives.
In 16 years, there was an increase of 6.7%, a slow increase, and still a fundamental phase. In 17 years, the sub-tops re-emerged, the channels were re-engineered, the state business was reformed and re-emerged.
At the beginning of the 17th year, before the introduction of the National Reform Programme, the company had become optimistic, showing that the basics were in the middle of a kidnapping period, unrelated to the high goals of the National Council.
After the launch of the National Finance Committee’s programme in February 17, the revenue growth plan for 2017 rose again, while real performance grew faster than originally planned. The Shanxi Wine income plan increased by more than 30% in 2017, followed only by smaller wells in listed companies, with the ring rising significantly from 10% in 2016.
Although 4q17 has slowed the delivery pace, the group alcohol data for 2017 were over-expected. According to terminal tests, most districts had completed their year-round plans in October 17, while companies were demanding a robust price of controls, and the flow of goods from each sector slowed considerably.
Class income is expected to grow by more than 36% over the same year, and alcohol profits are expected to increase by more than 70% over the same year. Given that group alcohol is mainly from listed companies, it is estimated that listed companies’ revenues and profits are increasing at a rate comparable to the group’s base, which exceeds market expectations.
Figure 3. The 17-year business plan of the White Wine listing company and the real income and profit channel stock of 1-3q17 are low, although they have increased over the same period in the previous year, but there is a large gap with historical heights, which gives them greater confidence. At the annual marketing conference at the end of the year, the company proposed that sustainable development should be considered sustainable.
A hard indicator, the dealer's inventory, is to determine a reasonable amount. Product-sub-high-end sunflowers, low-end botaniums are growing faster, demand is warming back & down, sub-high-ends are opening up, and higher-end growth is rising up in 2017. Demand returns.
The price of the warmth is five cents, the prices of the huts and the five grain fluids continue to rise, and the last high-end price belt product opened up the upper-line space. Sub-high-end is located at the interface point of the consumption upgrade, and demand is growing fast. Sub-high-end masters are powerful brands, and rainbow-sucking effects are evident, similar to the marketing pattern of the high-end wine.
The change supports sub-national expansion, greater space for growth, and a national layout that is different from Mao’s.
In the existing product structure of the wine, there are a series of green flowers, a gold medal for 20 years, an old platinum series, a low-grade wine with a platinum and an old platinum series, and a healthy wine with a bamboo leaf.
At this stage, there is a clear line of thinking on product spacing and price positioning, both within and outside the province, such as 20 years of Saffron and 20 years of Gold Award as stand-alone products and improved access control, with a marked decrease in traffic in Shanxi and a future focus on encouraging the development of custom-made products and channel-based products in the province and beyond.
At this stage, it is estimated that one to three q17 will increase by more than 50%. The whole price of the series is set at $300-600. The price of the series is five and the sub-high is opened up, while the year-end focus market is more heavily invested, contributing to the national roll-out of high-end products, so the 17-year series is visible.
It's almost doubled in the year. Controls have had a clear impact, with Saffrons leading the way in sub-high mainstream varieties for 30 years. 17 years of May, a series of Saffrons has been set up to guide the return of prices. According to grass-roots research, the company has been working since December 17th.
In November-December of the year, the controls worked better, and the latest terminal study showed that a group of young flowers had risen to 500 in 30 years, and that old whites, the largest product group, enjoyed an upgrade in Shanxi.
50%, 17-year-old prizes have grown relatively well over 20 years, estimated to be over 30%. After 15-16 years of travel to Ku, research on grass roots in the province shows that 20 years of gold prizes have become the dominant species of Taihara dinners.
In 17 years, it is estimated that it will continue to grow at a faster rate. In 13-16 years, it's a high-end flower, and in 17 years it's a small recovery in the Maori rate.
The overall Māori rate has been at a low level for 14-16 years, and with the re-emergence of the Saffron series, the recovery of the 1-3q17 MW - Shanxi demand and the readjustment of out-of-the-way channels, both within and outside of the province, has been growing at a high rate, with a combination of 16-17 years.
Out-of-provincial channels have been adjusted, increasing by about 5 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively, in 16 years, and 1h17 has been followed by a recovery in the needs of Shanxi and Shanxi, improved control within the province and a rapid increase in income.
As at 15 October 17, cumulatively $3.17 billion (sales calibre) had been completed in the Shanxi Independence Region, with 88 per cent of sales completed throughout the year, an increase of 52 per cent compared with the previous year. (1) The Shanxi economy has been better off, catering has resumed, and private consumption has continued to rise. Coal prices began to rise in the second half of 2016.
In 15 years, despite increased control in the province, the flow of goods outside the province is still widespread. The market order has improved in 16 years.
Based on feedback from grass-roots research and the beginning of the second half of 16th year, the market has become more sophisticated. According to grass-roots research, the provincial market has begun to do some basic work, including channel transformation, focus on priority markets, and so on, in 16-17.
Some regions are promoting a model of producer-supplier marketing, which together promotes the expansion of channels, such as Henan and Shandong. While refinements are still insufficient compared to the ocean rivers and Kui, improvements are evident for wine.
Shanxi Liquor, marketing - start running, spend more on rejuvenating brand status, re-enacting, and high advertising costs on re-energizing brand status.
In the second half of 17 years, it is estimated that advertising investment will increase significantly. Companies continue to push their buyers to switch to other channels.
Sales rates have been falling steadily in 2015-2016, mainly because of lower advertising costs. The top priority is to restore the branding position and rapidly expand the size and impact of the market. With the revival of the white wine industry, it is estimated that 17 years of visibility and investment in the markets will be achieved, with a strong personal style combined with the re-establishment of the white wine industry.
Nationwide advertising is dominated by high-profile, high-profile, and national advertising is dominated by national advertising, which is consistent with nationalization and high-end branding.
The sales people expanded their capacity in 2017 to improve terminal control. 17 years ago, the liquor sales team was understaffed, with little overall change from 12 to 16 years. According to the distributors’ congress, the marketing team has now reached 3,000 people (including land hiring), an increase of 1,000 over the previous year.
The re-routing of the Shanxi Liquor Channel was completed, and the expansion was resumed in 17 years. The number of dealers continued to decline in 13-15 years, as a result of the pre-winding campaign, which resulted in a major out-of-the-way market over the past and a large stock.
In addition to group buyers, most industry-adjusted liquor distributors are profitable and better at heart than others. Industry recovers, pushing the distributors’ enthusiasm for wine, warms, coupled with our grass-roots research, and greatly increases the number of terminals in 17 years.
Traditional patterns of pipeline pressure reduce channel risk, and recent grass-roots research shows that banks have increased over the years, but the channels are healthy. Incentive-state reform system dividends are released
The 17-year high-level National Finance Committee (NCC) programme, which released the dividends of the State Enterprise Reform System, was piloted in 14-16 years, and the 16-year marketing reforms began to yield results. Incentives for the introduction of the highly-required National Certificate Scheme in February 17 years: (a) based on micro-drink news, the Shanxi State Finance Committee has indicated that the Group will be tested in accordance with the test targets.
Nuclear, with a special reward for over 25 per cent of the target, the Provincial State Finance Committee will give the Chairman. (2) According to the Microbarrel News, in June 17, the company collectively dismissed the position of deputy head of the Liquor Marketing Company, the department responsible, the use of a hiring mechanism, and the opening of the market for wine.
(c) Based on our grass-roots research from the beginning of 17 to the present, several areas have been adjusted and initially managed.
Shanxi wine, chart 21.
Vision 2018 - Reform continues, three years ahead of schedule.
For 18 years, reforms will continue, including corporate reform at the group level, executive and sales team incentives.
The 17-year target set in February 2017 has been exceeded.
According to the Congress of Dealers, the reform of the company will be structured around: (1) In the area of institutional change, the group will focus closely on the reform of the group ' s mixed ownership system, using the platform of the company ' s listing, and will effectively address the issue of inter-group competition by injecting the group ' s high-quality assets into the company ' s listing.
(2) Introduction of strong and channeled strategic investors to finance and brain gain. (3) Explore the implementation of equity incentives, management and employee equity schemes, to form a pluralistic and balanced equity structure and further promote the diversification of equity. In this process, the functions of “enterprise-based society” are completely removed and management reduced.
We believe that there is a great deal of room for improvement in the performance of wine: (a) it has a very strong brand base, market value, and collection.
The size of entry does not match brand status. (2) The market is large, lacks strong white brands, wine is the most powerful, and there is room for growth. (3) Based on product and regional characteristics, net interest rates are expected to rise.
Wine, one of the strongest white brands in China. Market value and income are ranked among the four most well-listed on the market.
Figure 26. Comparison of market value of the eight largest liquor companies in the second and third rounds with net interest rates of the listed companies, which are lower. Net interest rate of 17.8% for the sale of 1-3q17 wines.
The brewing process determines the lower cost of wine production. The process characteristics of the salami type determine the rate of wine production, the Shanxi wine.
According to grass-roots research, the market is estimated to be about 85% of the market, and the market is more cost-efficient. The product class is higher, and the average price is expected to rise further in the future.
In the context of the 4th, second-high-end industry, companies are re-enhanced to promote the Saffron series, and the average price of their products is expected to increase further. The increase in the Mäori rate of rum is much higher.
We believe that there is much room for improvement in the Mäori rate of sales of rum, which is lower in bits and higher in product averages.
In the long run, because of branding, the cost of selling wine is expected to fall to the ocean river level as the size expands and the internal dives expands. The net interest rate for wine is larger and is expected to rise to 30%.
Regional characteristics, we think there's still a lot of room for upswing.
Taking into account the industry environment, team dynamics, product and regional growth points, and the pipeline stock, we officially set out the quarterly “three steps and two steps, three-year missions to be completed” with a three-year (2017-2019) performance test from the Provincial State Finance Committee to be achieved in two years, with a $10 billion impact in 2018.
Change in product, region, marketing thinking, product - low-end steady, medium-end increment, high-end infusion
White wine recovery is a step-by-step move from high-end to sub-high-end, and then to low-to-medium, taking into account the fact that 17 years of high-end, sub-high-end, and high-end, sub-high-end, low-to-medium-low-lower varieties have a chance. So the demand environment will improve at all price segments in 2018.
It is expected that the Saffron series will accelerate. According to company plans, low end steady, medium end incremental, high end release in 2018, medium end and high end product speeds are more important than simple products.
By way of product: (1) our grass-roots research suggests that the green flower will be the main force of growth in 18-19 years, that consumption in several districts will increase at a faster rate, and that other old white-collar products will grow at a steady rate. (3) From capacity constraints, the growth rate of the botanium may slow down in 2018. (4) The potential for growth of the bamboo leaf will be enormous with respect to sign alcohol.
Great. The 17 years and 4th quarter have been brought under unified management by the sales companies, and the sales teams have been restructured. China’s health-care liquor market is very large, its sales revenue in 2016 amounted to $9.2 billion, it is the only health-care wine in the country’s famous wine, and it has great potential for growth and can be a major highlight of future development.
Regional-Sanxi’s steady growth, the rapid growth of the roundabout market, the strengthening of terminal control, the steady growth of the mountains’ west in 18 years, the acceleration of the round’s west’s market growth, and the nurturing of potential markets. According to the September-October 17-year working session, the billion-dollar mission of the roundabout in 2018 has been phased out.
In the subregion: (1) According to Microbarrel News, Shanxi plans for 2018 to reach 4.6 billion (in different calibres from those of sales) increase by 1 billion and achieve steady growth. (2) Henan's 1 billion, an 82 per cent increase from the previous year.
Completion of 300 specialized stores, 100,000 terminals, 1,000 market personnel, 5,000 Saffron cabinets, 15,000 annual target of 649 million, doubling. (4) 500 million in Shandong, an increase of more than 40 per cent in the interior. (5) In addition to focusing on the market around the mountains, companies have invested in the development of 16 potential markets, such as Shenzhen.
Subregional plan 35.18. Focus on core products, stable markets.
Prices, building core areas, building core terminals, nurturing core elimination, one master, two shifts, three-feers, building a team of excellence, "Currently, the product has been upgraded, the consumption has risen."
Planning and implementation of marketing activities in the years of foundation, next year's stage, service upgrades, management upgrades
One has proposed co-construction work as “a steady rise in prices, to be led by two shifts, a moderate tightening of the source of the conversion, a severe violation, and a uniform and efficient end”.
Market management for agents, end-user profit strikes” balanced and end-controlled cost inputs; enhanced end-shop model, shift in promotion cost inputs, and increased differentiation of plant personnel to protect product prices
; promotion models; three thrusts, namely: advancement of nuclear, agent appraisal, finality; and strict control of the regional order and elimination of the endpoints of uniform standards
Large, strong, ranged in three areas of end-of-house registration management, grade-level caller examination; enhanced data pipelines; visitation procedures; enhanced terminals.
Rationale, credit management; advancement of ground recruitment safeguards; robust nuclear-psychology, highlighting the core distributors' heavy weight; refined management systems; team direct-control terminals; advancement and elimination terminal management; and continuous enhancement of nuclear power
; standardized end display, long-term costr in-depth interaction, enhanced end-of-heart coalition management, achieved
The strategy of interaction, service and stability sets out the "Multiple Performance of the Liquor Series."
Clients, professionals, professionals, accompaniment of the price of wine and bamboo youth, and improvement of the precision of the market.
"Operational thinking of a strategy, with a higher level of entry and a higher level of physical operation of the whole channel
I'd like you to identify the Saffron series and the Bolshoi family, the profitability of the production team, the professional outreach programme, and more.
Control over the operation of the market, focus on the market, stay close to the consumer, put in place a marketing company, a targeted library.
To ensure cooperation, manage risk awareness and maintain the interests of all strategic operators and distributors in Shandong; and to keep a firm grip on the distribution.
In the first place, those who do not take down the goods must change the way they are structured: products, roads; continuous optimization of the dealer's knowledge of the lead; and three years of marketing.
Subregional, three-way one model to improve the marketer's profit water planning and guidelines for sustained action, targeting three regions at different levels.
Ping also optimizes its profit base; overall boosts the dealer ' s profit point, balances Beijing and adjusts Tianjin.
We need to focus on the situation in the mountain market.
Upgraded digital marketing, which is a complete breakthrough in the Henan market. In advertising, product databases are dying; card dissemination strategies are being pursued; and attention is being paid to the emergence of three public relations, in particular cultural marketing, which is at the heart of the challenge: the marketing structure of the distributors continues to optimize their consumer incubators.
Group company marketing activities, good indicators, core end quality, work, interaction with consumers, a spirit of “beneficent crowding”, marketing strategy hugging the terminal; setting up channels to build together to ensure that cultural marketing is full-scale, cost-effective indicators, sparks, and based on different regional markets
Coverage; overall upscaling of marketing indicators for event marketing; keeping up the three stages of development, targeting capabilities, mastery of big events, red lines: cost drops, branding, precision, frequent campaigning; emphasis on market price rigid red lines, regional loadings, precision dissemination of the product
Create an atmosphere where jobs and resources are red-lined and all salesmen are required to promote aggressiveness; prepare for hard battles in line with the marketing of the market; and communicate, match and complete.
There's a large market, a lack of powerful wine, a lot of wine, and a lot of room for upgrading. The whole market is a big market for wine. The white industry is in the middle of a race.
The potential for regional expansion of strong brands of white wine. In the market around Shanxi, there is a lack of strong brands of white wine in other regions except Shanxi, and market expansion has a low resistance.
Far from the point of view, it is expected that the overall Māori ratio will increase further with the increase in the out-of-town ratio. Shanxi Wine, a company that is in a transformational phase, is releasing system dividends and spending 18 years around the market.
Growth, internal submersible speed, 18-year-a-week high probability of opening the door. High levels of certainty in performance growth and volatility in coal prices affect the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, with high targets leading to pressure on channels and an increase in stocks.
In the study, reference is made to listed companies, shoal farming (000860.ch/RMK 19.13, bought) Guai Goon wine (000596.ch/ RMB 69.12, with no rating)
Elit (24.90 RMB 600197.ch/RMB, not rated) Wine toll (603198.ch/RMB 17.98, not rated) All figures in this report are rounded