The annual report on computer/computer applications in Desessive meets expectations, and the “local internationalization” strategy is fast-tracked.
The system is dominated by the following main operating income and Māori rates: According to the performance announcement, the net profits attributed to company shareholders in publicly listed companies in 2017 were high growth in new energy vehicles, and companies were expanding their domestic and foreign markets.
In 2017, China ' s automobile market continued its modest growth. According to data published by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in 2017 there were about 28.879 million cars sold across the country, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period, although sales continued.
Nine years, the world's number one, but the rate of growth is about 10.6 per cent higher than in the same period the previous year, with a new phase in new energy vehicles, driven by a new phase in electronic motors. In 2017, many new energy policies were introduced and continued to grow at a higher rate of 777,000 sales.
The company has stepped up the pace of its strategy of “local internationalization” and the future globalization of its industries. Companies are expanding their domestic and foreign markets.
New clients, such as Volvo, the domestic car company, the Japanese industry, Biadei, and new partnerships with new energy vehicles, cars and cars, and the national energy industry, are moving ahead as planned.
• Increased investment in research and development of new technologies, resulting in the production and delivery of adas products in 2017.
The company has invested resources in all areas of perception, decision-making, control, research and development technology, including road maintenance, automatic parking, pre-crash warning, automatic emergency brakes, etc., some of which have been marketed.
Smart driving and car connectivity will be a breakthrough, and companies will develop smart driving and car connectivity strategies for 2025. Smart driving, car connectivity will be a breakthrough for automobile electronics.
In line with the situation, a 2025 strategy has been developed in the direction of “smart.” The “smart” strategy includes smart driving, cockpit driving, autopilot, etc., full deployment of companies in areas such as market expansion, leading product R&D and technology, world-class intellectual manufacturing, and further promotion of new industries such as smart driving, car networking, etc.