Proposed joint acquisition with application materials, enhancement of the photovoltaic platform strategy crystals (300316.sz) to build process-wide process equipment from crystals to components
The Transistor Electric Proclamation proposes to establish a holding subsidiary jointly with Hong Kong Corporation for Applied Materials to consolidate the assets of silk print equipment, chip detector equipment operations, mainly in the fields of photovoltaics, health care, automobiles, consumer electronics. This acquisition will enrich the company’s optical equipment product lines, add battery equipment links, and connect crystals to components.
Full-process process equipment, platform-type companies, enhanced core competitive advantages, and we maintained a profit scenario, and acquired the operational assets of silk network printing equipment, chip detection equipment.
By establishing a joint venture with its subsidiary, Kishin Equipment Replenishment, the Crystalston Power has been replenished with $97.5 million, holding 65% of the company's equity. The joint venture has invested $120 million in the purchase of the Italian-based silk-printing of the application material company, the painting of equipment, the Singapore chip-testing equipment and the Chinese assets and products of the above-mentioned business.
The total business assets associated with the proposed purchase of silk printing equipment and chip detection equipment are $80 million, with a revenue of $54 million for the fiscal year 2021 q1, and the size of the assets of the Division and the layout of the product lines are expected to increase further.
First, the acquisition will enrich the company’s photovoltaic product lines. On the basis of crystal growth equipment, smart processing equipment, and stacking of components, the company has added the battery-plated equipment chain to connect the crystals to the components.
Second, the acquisition of the assets of the appliance company can provide the industry with a solution for the manufacture of photovoltaic products.
Third, the joint venture Kishin can build a manufacturing base in the country based on the company's advantages.
Corporate Review - Over $5 billion a quarter, performance