Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Forecasting high performance growth, photovoltage silicon and semiconductor double-wheel drive Events: Companies issuing annual performance forecasts for 2021 and expected net return profits for 2021h1
It was announced that 2021q1 companies had signed orders for new crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment in excess of $5 billion: as of the end of the season, companies had not completed orders for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment in the total amount of $10.45 billion, full of hand orders.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to continue to bring orders. The demand for semiconductors is high, and the company’s imports are accelerating.
Global semiconductor equipment sales of 2021q1 have increased by 21%, the same year by 51%, and total equity/flow (millions of shares) is high. The company semiconductor equipment is moving fast, and according to the announcement, the company has perfected the list.
Total market value/flow (millions) Crystal silicon growth, slices, polishing, extra-extended four core equipment with semiconductor silicon material equipment 12 months maximum/minimum unit
System, which currently basically achieves full coverage of 8 inches of crystal crystallization to process, mass production and bulk delivery; 12 inches of single crystal silicon growth furnaces, grinding, cutting, grinding, edge polishing equipment crystals electrons (300316) 2019 performance instruments
In the area of carbon silicon, the company has successfully grown and is expected to benefit from a 6-inch carbonated silicon crystal from its photovoltaic and semiconductor customers, and will continue to enhance research and development to create growth, slices, polish.
Expansion - 2020/02/27 Test Line to accelerate national production.
Industry studies in the field, with special expertise in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related sections.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Center, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.