"Middle Ring Six" orders are down, new steps are on hand orders.
The company issued a public announcement and signed with Ningxia Mid-Channel Photovoltaic Materials Co. Ltd., " Full Automated Crystal Grower Purchase Co. " , and the company sold the full Automated Crystal Grower equipment to Ningxia Middle Ring for a contract of $6.08 billion (including a list of new signatures of long-crystals, and the company ' s hand order to take the new steps).
As of 30 June 2021, the company had not completed the contract for photovoltaic equipment totalling $10,806 million, which, compared to the delivery of equipment, is expected to fully support the company's 2022 performance growth.
Ningxia is a fully-owned subsidiary of the new investment of the Central Ring in February 2021. According to the 2021 China Ring, the Central Ningxia Ring is the main implementer of the Central Ring 50gw(g12) Solar Class Single Crystal Silicon Materials Smart Plant Project. The total investment in the Central Ring is about 12 billion yuan.
Overall planning for the production of 210 large silicon tablets with a capacity of 50 gw or more, with an overall post-partum capacity of more than 135 gw.
In the year and a half of 2021, the company’s products were marketed. The company’s shares with the central ring were evaluated as 210-sized single-silica silicons: a huge increase in hand orders, and a little more of the future of the business layout.
Leads and practitioners of technology routes, developed in collaboration with industry leaders, upstream and downstream enterprises, have entered into technological advances in the industry. This has also strengthened the company ' s leading position in the area of crystal-growth processing segmentation and has increased its leadership.
The company, as the lead in crystal growth equipment, is expected to take a look at the "N.S.S.E.E.A.S.A.-C.T. (300316) event: step up profitability, build on the solid foundation of the luminous crystalline silicon business, semiconductor equipment, blue.
In Hong Kong, where materials are used, a joint venture has been set up to expand the product lines of photovoltaic equipment.
Full of ponies, high growth in semiconductor operations, and potential market space for carbonated silicon materials, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The epidemic has resulted in less-than-expected global photovoltaic loads, less-than-expected downstream demand for semiconductors, and increased production of silicon photovoltage.
As expected, the need for sapphire materials has fallen short of expectations, and Hong Kong has not been able to cooperate with the applications.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.