Half-yearly performance forecast: Predicted by the hypermarket for photovoltaic equipment, dated 09/07/2021
Jupiter's performance predicts a high growth in the light-voltage long-crystal equipment, and the company's sales in the single-crystal market, except for Lungi, as domestic long-crystal equipment.
With 210 penetration rising, the market-wide stock of 10,000 long-crystal furnaces is expected to be replaced;
As the long-volatile silicone chain rises to the peak of production, the long-crystal locomotives in the context of the updating of the landscape are similar to the semiconductor, the large size of which is the direction of the future. With the long-crystal furnaces changing with the diameter of the silicone, they will be completely multi-generational, and the crystals are the most beneficial. We expect to be in the domestic year 20-22.
The company’s photo-voltaic crystal business is about to harvest. Silicon millers now value the company’s co-efficiency, including delivery capacity, service capacity, and future research and development potential.
Companies and industry leaders have developed long-term and deep partnerships, with 90% market sales in markets other than Lungi, which will fully benefit from a wave of silicon expansion. The downstream expansion is highly certain, and semiconductor equipment operations are accelerating.
The second phase of the project started in January 2021, and construction began in May, with $1.5 billion invested in the project and about 50% of the equipment produced nationally. According to our calculations, China now needs 12.6 billion yuan in new equipment and 7.1 billion yuan in Chinese equipment.
The central ring core equipment supplier, with a 10% lead share in the central ring, increased by $130 million in June 21 with no change in the share ratio. We expect that the central ring will give preference to crystallized equipment in its expansion, with a higher degree of certainty in the orders for semiconductor equipment and a significantly higher rate of landing than expected in the market.
Krypsum already has 80% of the 8 inch line and more than 50% of the equipment, like 12 inches of single-crystal furnaces, polishers, etc., for 1, "Crystal Power" (300316): downstream response capability. With the conflicting supply and demand of the global semiconductor silicon industry in 2021, production capacity is strained.
The semiconductor equipment operation, with high certainty, to the end of the device, is expected to be over-expected in 2021.
In 2020, the company ' s sapphire business achieved $194 million in operating income, compared to +194.32 per cent, and the technology report for the first quarter of the year: 10 billion people are over-expected.
Not too high, but very fast. In the short term, by joining forces with Lance Jianxian, the company has succeeded in cutting off its profits, and after 21 years of falling to zero points in the cost and price of the gems, large-scale bulk applications will naturally be generated, and by that time, Blue Treasure.
The market space created by 2021-04-29 Stones is expected to be a more profitable growth point for crystals power. 3, Crystals Power (300316): Long crystals
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals power, the second curve is half of the size of the operation, the refined manufacturing is managed to produce larger silicon devices, and the third curve is the extension of the equipment to the material (Sapphire+sic).
We look forward to the company's long-term development, and we maintain the company's profit forecast for 2021-2023, net profit.
With an absolute high share of the entire market, apart from Lungi (which we measure to be 90%), crystals and electricity have a clear advantage as an independent third-party equipment dealer. And companies, through sophisticated ideas, continue to optimize the level of supply chain management, and single-single crystallizers continue to produce historically high volumes.
With the 210 penetration rate rising, a major industrial change that will take place in the next three years, 10,000 of the stock of the market is expected to be replaced by a new player in the silicon chain, and we'll be able to determine that the crystals engine will be ready for the highest number of new orders since its creation. And because of the 210 dimensions of the challenge to hotfields and long crystals, the company’s fists have increased.
The unit price of the glossy-volatile crystal furnaces does not fall in any way and remains competitive in the long term.
In the run-up to the Silicon Silicon Expansion Project, some of the photovoltage companies like Jingao have been able to complete the project, with 210 large silicon silicon penetration rates increasing.
More than 10,000 single-crystal long-crystal furnaces need to be phased out, and the average annual inventory update of silicon production in the country is over 50 gw, corresponding to the 2020-2022 demand for stock equipment in excess of 10 billion yuan (200 million yuan/gw).
Silicon millers value the ability of equipment providers more than they are no longer in the first position, including: 1) delivery capacity, which, according to our calculations, is neutral, can deliver up to 21 items per day, or about 500 per month for 6 days per week, 4 weeks per month. This is now the only single month in the country that can deliver more than 500 items.
(c) Future R & D potential, with sustained development capacity and capacity to continuously improve equipment production and reduce energy consumption, will benefit significantly from the company’s strong products.
In the past, the main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country were crystals, Tianlong Light, precision technology, Kyoto Express, connectivity, and North China. The city numbers are linked to Lungi, which works with Lungi deep in single-crystal operations.
In addition to the market demand for monocrystals, companies account for 90 per cent of sales, with an overall market share of about 70-80 per cent, and are the main suppliers in the industry, which will benefit fully from the large silicon expansion wave, which is about to reach the harvest period. 3. Downstream expansion is highly certain and semiconductor equipment operations are about to accelerate.
The company plans to launch the Tianjin plant extension and new construction projects, as well as to increase the production support capacity of the Inner Mongolia plant, with an expected 6 inches by the end of 2023, while accelerating the start of the Euphoria II project.
One million pieces of equipment per month, 8 inches per month, 12 inches, 6 million pieces per month of capacity. According to our calculations, China needs 12.6 billion yuan in new equipment from now until 2023, and China needs 7.1 billion yuan in equipment.
We expect that the central ring will give priority to crystallized equipment in its expansion, that it will have a higher degree of certainty about orders for crystallized semiconductor equipment, and that the speed at which orders are placed will be expected to be significantly higher than expected. With increasing R & D investment in semiconductor equipment, the central ring will create a single crystalline growth, cutting, covering semiconductor equipment.
(b) The technology content of the semiconductor semiconductor edge polisher has reached the level of the imported equipment and has been validated by customer technology;
The 12-inch silicon double-face polisher has been validated on the client side. With the supply and demand shield of the global semiconductor silicon industry in 2021, the capacity tension extended to the end of the device, and we've judged that the semi-conductor equipment operation of the crystal generator in 2021 is expected to be over-expected.
In the short term, by joining forces with Lansing (equipment & materials) the company has been successful in cutting the sapphire business as a share of revenue, which is expected to be another major growth point. In the long term, sapphire crystals are expected to be successfully deployed in applications such as cellular panels. At present, markets generally argue that the sapphire is expensive.
It's not going to be applied to mobile panels, but we're judging that, like the bottom logic of the photovoltaic industry, it's going to be a constant drop in efficiency. Like, when sapphire costs and prices fall into zero, large-scale bulk applications are naturally generated, and the market space that sapphire brings is expected to be a higher profit growth point for crystallizer power.
5. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, with a second curve of semiconductor large silicon devices released, and a third curve of annual profit projections, with net profits of $13.92/19.67/1995 million, equivalent to 46/33/24 for pe, maintained “buying”
The sub-optimal expansion was less advanced than expected, and semiconductor operations were less advanced than expected.