The crystals of semiconductor equipment, the increase in profits, the expansion of semiconductor production and processing equipment.
The company announces its semi-annual performance forecast for 2021, where the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company for the first half of the year are expected to increase by 120% in the median profit growth in the second quarter, and the company ' s earnings are expected to accelerate.
34.64% of the profits have increased significantly, with high levels of industry and high policy support in hand orders and protection against high year-round performance growth. According to the company ' s annual report for 2020 and its report for the first quarter of 2021, the company is not yet complete.
The contract for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment amounts to $5,865 million and $10,450 million, respectively, and a total of over $5 billion in new signed orders in one quarter, exceeding the total increase in new orders throughout the year 2019, as well as an increase in government subsidies, contributed to a high performance in one quarter.
On 7th, an investor relationship activity log showed that capacity assessments were made in advance, appropriate capacity was expanded in due time, the supply chain was configured, and the company’s capacity was now sufficient to meet customer demand for orders. The company’s ability to transfer its orders was assured, while the orders were saturated in the country.
Actively investing in large-scale silicon silicon to enhance the firm’s core competitiveness. According to the company’s announcement of 21 June, the capital-replenishment to participating companies and associated transactions is expected to lead the equity companies.
130 million yuan to facilitate the implementation of the IRCS project, deepen the semiconductor strategic investment, provide financial security for the successful implementation of the IRCS project and promote project construction.
Inches of monocrystal silicon growth furnaces and some of the processing equipment have been sold in bulk, and other processing equipment is being validated by customers. Companies are actively moving into large-scale silicon silicon areas, where core competitiveness continues to increase their market share in the competition.
The industrialization of corporate R & D results has been remarkable, with a breakthrough in the production of the country's semiconductor materials in the area of critical equipment. In 2020, corporate R & D spending was record high at $227 million, a year-on-year increase.
Prolonged silicon monocrystal furnaces; 8 or 12 inches of semiconductor silicone edge devices certified by customer technology; and semiconductor quartz, whose share in mainland China and Taiwan, China, has grown faster
(8621) In the field of 20328569, 36 inches of process have also been successfully developed, and 32 inches of product has been sold to customers in bulk.
The long-crystal furnace made a breakthrough and successfully developed and sold equipment such as 6-8 inch crystal roller, cutter, slicer, double-face grinder, edge polisher, one-sided polisher, extern growth, lpvcd; and 12 inches of single-crystal silicon growth furnace, grinder, cutter, etc.
(8621) 20328512 The grinding equipment, edge polishing equipment has been certified by the client and has been well received.
A breakthrough in national production was achieved in key equipment areas.