The company reports a huge increase in hand orders, a more sophisticated business layout, and a semi-annual review of crystals in 2021.
Realization of the net return to the mother was $60 million, an increase of 117.23 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, 1,169 million yuan was realized for crystal growth equipment, an increase of 14.58 per cent in the same year; 409 million yuan was realized for smart processing equipment, an increase of 101.74 per cent in the same year; 362 million yuan was earned for equipment rehabilitation services, an increase of 359 per cent in the same year; and 359 per cent was achieved for sapphire.
Material operations achieved operating income of $164 million, an increase of 145.07 per cent over the same period. Silicon end-of-side expansion, a strong increase in hand orders, a two-quarter performance of excellent performance.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): Business expansion is above 360gw, company potential clients are over 288gw, and potential orders for crystal processing and growth equipment are about 33.6 billion yuan. As of 30 June 2021, the company was not completed
PV contracts totalling $10,806 million, an increase of 84.25 per cent compared with the end of 2020, incomplete semiconductors Rapid development of the domestic semiconductor industry, breakthrough of corporate semiconductor equipment Subconductor subconductor demand and trade policy influence in the first half of 2021 Rapid growth of the domestic semiconductor industry
Motivated, with major domestic semiconductor 8-12 inches of silicone, the company actively promotes the sale of equipment such as single crystals, polishers, extenuators, etc. to mainstream domestic semiconductor material manufacturers, and the arrival and validation of related semiconductor equipment accelerates. Meanwhile, the domestic 8-12 inch semiconductor silicon project continues.
"Estimation of the dollar securities company -- Crystal Power and Power (300316) event rating: with land, such as 4-12 inches of single crystal silicon, polished silicon mass production, 8 inches, 12 inches of silicon production capacity of 500,000 m/m and 70,000 m/m, respectively, the production of domestic silicon plants has gradually been validated
A joint venture with Hong Kong to expand the optical equipment product line is expected to help accelerate the delivery and certification of the company's equipment. Meanwhile, the company's crystal lab has developed its own 12-inch hard-axis silicon single-crystal furnace in the first country.
A new breakthrough in the technology and process of long crystallized equipment reflects strong corporate R & D and technology.
Report performance forecast: Beneficial silicone expansion, significant increase in profits. Led chip industry gradually closed its inventory in 2019, supply and demand began to adjust well in 2020, demand is now rising under a miniled drive, and sapphire material is the led chip base.
At the bottom, a steady recovery in prices is also expected to enter the upper cycle. In order to guarantee the development of the sapphire material business, the company decided to raise funds for 100 million yuan and 700 million yuan, respectively, to its subsidiaries, Crystal Ring and Crystal. The company's sapphire material production is expected to expand further and keep pace with market cycle opportunities during the reporting period.
A joint venture with Hong Kong for the use of materials to set up a holding subsidiary, Kisheng, to equip and purchase the target, which will add additional silk-printing and chip-detection-related assets, with a target of 102 million euros in 2020.
It is hoped that this will lead to a new growth point for the company by bringing down efficiency gains through working with the company. The dollar ... corresponds to the current 64x, 47x, and 37x, respectively.
Lee Gallen, the epidemic caused the world to have less photovoltaic load than expected, lower demand for semiconductors, higher production of photovoltaic silicon, less demand for sapphire materials than expected, and cooperation with Hong Kong to apply the materials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.