A joint venture with Applied Materials Hong Kong to purchase silk web prints.
JB: The company announced that Hong Kong would establish a joint venture with materials in the form of a replenishment (US$ 150 million), and after the replenishment had been completed, the JTW held 65 per cent of KSK equipment. (Replenishment)
US$ 97.5 million); Applied Materials Hong Kong holds 35 per cent of Quisheng equipment (replenishment US$ 52.5 million), while Quishin's equipment is proposed to contribute US$ 12 million for the acquisition of silk printing equipment under the Italian flag of Applied Materials and chip detection equipment in Singapore, and the above-mentioned operations are in progress.
Joint venture with Hong Kong on applications for development, which is the largest semiconductor and display equipment manufacturer in the world, with crystallizer power based on long crystallization technology.
At the heart of China's long-crystal furnaces, it is hoped that the combined effect of this event, which is strongly linked to the application of materials in Hong Kong, will be fully integrated with the advanced manufacturing capabilities and cost-control advantages of the application materials, and that the synergies will clearly be win-win.
The Internet printer is the core of the battery, while the technical barriers are high, and the main subject of the purchase of the target Internet printer operation is Baccini, Italy, which until 2015 was largely monopolized by Baccini, with perc replacing the traditional aluminium back yard batteries up to the point.
In August 2021, the stock market was the largest in terms of the sale of silk machines, accounting for more than 70% of the stock, so the main opponent of the barcini machine was the barccini. This time, the Jingxin Consumption Department acquired baccini, which is expected to fast-track the battery chain on the basis of the advanced technology accumulated by Baccini.
Wireprinters are the core equipment of the battery chain, with 27 per cent of the total value of the perc age, and, according to the latest analysis of the size of the 210 battery fragments, the value of the single gw is around 50 million; the value of the entire hjt-generation printer is 15 per cent and the value of the single gw is about 50 million.
▪ Merger acquisition of the extension of photovoltaic equipment product lines, the platform-based layout of transistor power-building photovoltaic equipment, and through this equity acquisition, the smooth extension of crystallized photovoltaic operations from the silicon link to the battery band link. The company used to be the owner of the silicon link's long crystal device singlegw equivalent value of about $170 million.
In the future, battery equipment will be added and will be gradually introduced from silicon silicon to assembly 1, Crystals Power (300316): six months.
• Full-flow equipment to further build the platform layout of the photovoltaic equipment.
It's expected that the most advanced material plus equipment will be blue, and looking at the history of crystals, the company's greatest opportunity is to take advantage of a single crystal to replace a multi-crystal wave.
After that, the advantage of the equipment dealer as an independent third party quickly took over the new market, in addition to Lungi, 2, Crystal Power (300316): Downward 80%, and the battery is currently in the technological revolution of hjt, when the crystallizer power intervenes in the battery.
The snippets, which mean that future battery-strike players will become more numerous and more technologically powerful as a whole; together with the high degree of certainty about expansion, semiconductor equipment operations, each of the photovoltaic equipment companies is improving the layout of the layout, indicating a large market for photovoltaic equipment and a complete industry.
Accelerator 2021-05-12 has a lot of opportunities, a lot of skills, and a combination of long-term progress in the development of good equipment suppliers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals power, the second curve is half a year after the break-up of profitability in a Davids double-conductor large silicon device, and the third curve is the extension of equipment to materials (Sapphire+sic).
Incidents 2021-04-29: company announcement to establish a joint venture with Hong Kong in the form of a replenishment of materials (US$ 150 million); Kisheng equipment; 65 per cent share of KShen equipment (US$ 97.5 million); appliance material after replenishment has been completed
Hong Kong is expected to hold 35 per cent of the Kisheng equipment (replenishment US$ 52.5 million). Meanwhile, Kishin's equipment is proposed to contribute US$ 12 million to the acquisition of the Italian filamentary printing facility and the Singapore chip-testing facility under the umbrella of Applied Materials Company, and the Chinese assets of the above-mentioned operations, mainly for photovoltaics, health care, automobiles and consumer electronics.
A joint venture with Hong Kong Applied Materials (HKA) was established in 1967 as the world's largest semiconductor and display equipment manufacturer, with customers including semiconductor head enterprises such as station power, Intel, Samsung, Middle Core International. In the case of photovoltaic equipment, applications are in silicon.
In the semiconductor monocrystal sector, Krystal has grown into a world-class supplier of equipment.
The company has a forward-looking layout in the area of sapphire and sic, from equipment to materials. This crystal-spill, combined with applied materials in Hong Kong, has an advanced manufacturing capability and cost-control advantage.
It is clear that there is a win-win synergy between advanced technology and theory in the application of materials. The sum of US$ 10,000 corresponds to the renminbi. The sum of US$ 97.5 million was replenished by the sum of US$ 97.5 million, and the replenishment was completed with 65 per cent of the shares in the joint venture; and the amount of US$ 52.5 million in the current US dollar replenishment of the application material in Hong Kong, after the replenishment was completed.
Hong Kong will send the original silk printing equipment and chip detection equipment to become the general manager of the joint venture. The target asset is less profitable, earning $89 million in 2020, but less profitable, with $8.14 million in pre-tax profits.
Figure 1: Financial status of acquisition of assets 2. Wire-net printers are the core equipment for batteries, while technical difficulties and barriers are high
Jointstarholdingspte.ltd (the backbone of the Internet printer business is Baccini, Italy, acquired in 2008 with applications) is the leading global producer of photovoltaic cell wire network printing equipment. By 2015, the global market for silk printing equipment was largely monopolized by Baccini, and as perc replaced traditional aluminium background batteries, as of August 2021, press.
The stock market is the largest in the stock market, with the largest share in the stock market, so the main opponent of the application machine is the stock market. This time, the company that owns the icy stock acquires the baccini, with the promise of rapid cut-off of the battery chain by the advanced technology accumulated in Totobacini.
Wireprinters are the core equipment of the battery chain, with 27% of the whole value of the perc age, and the value of the single gw according to the latest 210 battery film size analysis is around $50 million; the value of the whole hjt printing machine is 15%, and the value of the single gw is around $50 million.
And totcon’s intergenerational update of the perc replacement, the filamental printing equipment continues to grow, and the crystals are expected to contribute to the growth of performance through extension of the product line. 3. Merger acquisition of the extension of photovoltaic equipment product lines, crystals power has begun to build the photovoltaic equipment.
Through this equity acquisition, the crystal-glowing photovoltaic business has spread smoothly from the silicone link to the battery segment. The company's main business is the silicone link's long crystal device singlegw, with a corresponding value of about $170 million (one-crystal unit of $140 million).
In the future, batteries will be added to the equipment, which will gradually connect the full-flow equipment from silicon to the component, and will further develop the platform layout of the photovoltaic equipment.
4. Looking back at the history of the development of crystals, the greatest opportunity for the company to take advantage of the monocrystal replacement of the multi-crystal wave as an independent third-party equipment dealer, which quickly took over 80% of the new market in addition to Lungi.
The technology of the chain is slowing down, while the battery chain is undergoing a technological revolution – hjt technology is in phase 1-10, and this means that future battery band players will become more numerous and more technologically empowered. The new market is now at the stage where hjt, topcon, replaces the perc, and we judge that the new market is primarily hjt.
Technology leads the way. At this point, co-operation with crystals and applications means technological development for better layout of the battery chain, drawing on the technical strength of the application material. For, in addition to silk printing, the application material is a global leader in other process equipment (hjt pecvd).
At the same time, various photovoltaic equipment companies are improving the layout of the layout. The stock market focused on the silk printing press in the perc era, while the hjt staged the whole line in the hjt era; the weighting machines and automating equipment in the goldset period focused on the component chain in the perc era, while the hjt stage core equipment pecvd; and Tekjia created the perc era cleaning, etching, etc.
The most recent layouts of these companies indicate a large market for photovoltaic equipment and more opportunities for the industry as a whole.
The technology is fast and, in combination, good equipment agents are making progress over time. The photovoltaic device is the first curve in crystals, the second curve in semiconductor large silicon devices, and the third curve in equipment-to-material extension (Sapphire+sic), and we maintain the company’s profit forecast for 2021-2023, with net profit splits.
Changes in the pattern of equipment competition and downstream expansion have not been as anticipated.