Acquisition of silk prints and chip detection equipment, photovoltaic production, and expansion of product maps.
On 31 July, a circular was issued to establish a joint venture with the Hong Kong Replenishment of Materials (HKRP) to set up a joint venture with Kisheng, with a registered capital of US$ 150 million in relation to the RMB, with the company, the application material and the Hong Kong share of the shares in each of the silk-net printing equipment and chip-testing equipment held by Xian.
This is a 150 million increase in equipment from Hong Kong, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, to Hong Kong.
US$ 97.5 million, 65% of the shares, and US$ 52.5 million for Hong Kong, 35% of the shares. Replenished equipment is still a company-owned subsidiary, and the scope of the company’s consolidated statements remains unchanged.
According to the announcement, the target assets will be maintained in the first quarter of 21 years to ensure that core business personnel will not lose and that the target assets will be transferred smoothly.
The parties have agreed on the selection of the general manager of the joint venture, and Hong Kong will send the original silk-printing and chip-testing equipment operations co as the general manager of the joint venture. 123 target operations _aaa_Crystal Power (300316) will be evaluated
Existing staff will join the company or joint venture, with no less than 70 per cent core staff retention at the time of Hong Kong ' s pledge, and with simultaneous transfer of personnel, contracts, fixed assets and recognized liabilities, achieving the target _aaa_Crystal Power (300316) quarterly report evaluation
The company’s light _ aaa_ crystallizer (300316) issues are evaluated.
After this acquisition was completed, the company’s photovoltaic equipment industry chain was extended to the battery equipment chain, silk.
The introduction of web-printing equipment, crystal-crystal detection equipment production lines have further enriched the company's PV production lines, and companies have achieved full process process process equipment coverage from crystals to components, further moving towards PV-based industrial chain platform companies.
Silicon materials, silicon carbonated silicon, sapphire, and sapphire are driven by fast growth in corporate operations.
The company consists mainly of three main areas of business: 1) Silicon material domain, where it has developed a series of key tools for application in two industries, namely, photovoltaics and integrated circuits, including fully automated crystal growth equipment (single-crystal, silicon-crystal, multi-crystal casts).
Crystal processing equipment (single silicon grinder, cutter, opener, diamond cutter, etc.), chip processing equipment (chips grinder, thinner, polisher, extension equipment, lpcvd equipment, etc.), stacking assembly equipment, etc., in the area of large silicon equipment 8-12 inches, 8 inches semiconductor, etc.
Large-scale sale of long-crystal equipment and processing equipment, 12 inches of long-crystal equipment, grinding and polishing equipment, certified and marketed by customers, and other processing equipment in successive customer certification. (2) In the area of silicon carbonide, there are mainly silicon long-crystal equipment and extended equipment.
In the field of sapphires, it has been successfully mastered by the international leading ultra-large-sized 700-kg-class sapphire crystal growth technology that can provide satisfaction.
In addition to this, the company has established a product system based on high-purified quartz, polished fluids and semiconductor valves, tubes, magnetic fluids, sophisticated parts and components with semiconductor-critical components and feed materials.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2021, 2022 and 2023 Risk factors: less than expected pace of asset acquisition, increased competition in the photovoltaic equipment industry, new company production Balance sheet (millions of dollars)