Žhejiangjingsheng (300316ch)
I'm sorry, maintain. I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
(previoustp rmb60.90) jinghengannouncedlastfridaythat the companywillselfjvwithapplied
Thejvwillacquirerappliedmaturesthecurrentprice
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's very important. More important.
I'm sorry, synergethroughcombagingthenoyofofadvancedmaticsand the manufacturing capacitationofjingsheng.reiteratebuy. keyhighlightsoftheacquition. jingshengwillsetupajvwivwithapplied
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Acquirefrontiers theprecipitationbusinitaly, waferinspestainsingaporeidbusinsinchinina, or aconsistenceofus$120mn (~rmb775mn).
..theboardofthejvwillinclutefivemembers, sharaholdingstructure increatingthrerepresentativefromjingshenengandtwofromapplied
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, majormovetoexpandplayingfields.theinclusionofwaferinspelling equipmentwillexpandjingseng's productionofferings.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, makerinchina. Webelieve, by
12-mthpriceperformance leveragingappliedmalstechnologyandjingshengmanufacturing capacitation, jingshengwillbecapabletollengetheincent.
Fromrm60.90, Basedon67xfy21ep/e, equivalentto 1.4xpeg (previously 1.1x). ourhihertargetpestoreflecttheadditionalgrovethpotentialfrom thelatestacquitionandothercentbreacroughsinthe12-inchcrystal
Weakerorslower-than-expected solarpowercapacitation; 2) since: bloomberg
Lower-than-expected Grossmargin; (3) unaccessibility. audit: pan-chinacpa earlyningssummary
(a) related reports zhejiangjingsheng (300316ch, buy) robustsolcapex;
@earnings&tprevisedup-2jul zhejiangjingsheng (300316ch, buy) - Riddingonthewawaveof
I don't know, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Note: a: Waferinssectionbusinessingapore.b: sc: screenprinting and waferinspactionbinschinina.source:companydata, cmbis
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it for yourself, or (ii) the arepersons fallingwithinarticle49 (2) (a) to (d) ("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.") on theorder, andmaynotberovidetoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.