The company's evaluation report for the benefit of silicon silicon expansion and a significant increase in profits.
During the first half of 20211, the company conducted its main business around the development strategy of “advanced materials, advanced equipment” and the economic plan developed at the beginning of the year, benefiting from the continued development of the domestic photovoltaic industry, with downstream silicon manufacturers actively advancing.
Production expansion progresses, with companies achieving a significant increase in the volume of orders, the size of their collections, and the level of profits on a year-on-year basis. 2021q1 companies realize a net return profit of $282 million, an increase of 109.71 per cent over the same period.
The potential demand for equipment is high, and the company has been able to support the growth of its performance with its hand orders. According to our incomplete statistics, between 2021 and 2023, the domestic photovoltaic silicon industry was expanded to more than 360gw, and its potential clients expanded to 288gw, corresponding to the potential order rules for crystal processing and growing equipment.
Modified by about 33.6 billion yuan. The company’s home city is the first to benefit continuously from the long-crystal device, and the industry has expanded to over 6 billion yuan in 2020, and only 2021q1 companies have signed new orders of more than 5 billion yuan, exceeding the company’s revenue for the entire year of 2020, with the company in hand as of the end of the first quarter of 2021.
An order of $9.89 billion for the photovoltaic industry fully guarantees high performance in the future.
The third generation of semiconductor materials with excellent silicon carbonization performance and demand in areas such as new energy vehicles.
Silicon production capacity will increase by more than five times from 2019, and according to yole's forecast market for silicon carbide devices, the first quarter of 2021 will be rated as a 30% compound growth rate from $500 million in 2019 to over $2.5 billion in 2025.
The company has made critical progress in the production of silicon-carbide materials and has succeeded in producing a six-inch carbon silicon crystal, followed by a firm that will continuously enhance the development and optimization of silicon-carbide long-crystal processes and technologies, as well as develop conversions, create growth, slices, polish tests, gradually grind product quality in the process of production, and master the pure process and technology.
The business of silicon-carbide material is expected to generate significant growth for the company. Yuan, which corresponds to 47x, 34x, and 27x, respectively.
Status, semiconductor business growth, potential market space for carbonated silicon materials, and maintenance of a "buy-in" rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently, professionally and independently and objectively to produce this report. The data that I have committed to report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.