The Māori rate has increased in order to fill up - the crystals engine power (300316.sz) Summer relief
Financial analysis: significant growth in new orders and steady increases in profitability: in terms of single-quarter revenues, 2,021q2 companies achieved business income of 1,376 million, 36.66 per cent in single-quarter, 9.73 percentage points higher than in the same year, with the ring almost equal, continuing in 2020
Good profitability in the second half of the year; net sales interest rate of 26.45 per cent, an increase of 8.01 percentage points in value-added tax (VAT) on the same year; a substantial increase of 181.24 per cent over the same period, with full hand orders.
The cumulative order for growth equipment and smart processing equipment amounted to $11.45 billion, compared with $3.8 billion in the same period the previous year, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period.
Business analysis: Hand order delivery meets expectations Business analysis: Corporate crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment realized operating income of $1,169 million (yoy+14.58 per cent), $409 million (yoy+101.74 per cent) in the first half of 2021; Maori rate
The company focused on innovation R & D, which cost 6.47% over the reporting period, compared to 4.85% over the same period the previous year.
In the same time, the company’s semiconductors, such as high-purity quartz, have also grown rapidly.
“Big opportunities in the era of “big””” 2020-12-
The company intends to establish a joint venture with Hong Kong through a replenishment of the equipment of the fully-owned subsidiary, Kishin. US$ 150 million of the capital of the Replenished Equipment Register, 65% of the company’s shares in the joint venture, and 35% of the company’s shares in the application.
This acquisition will help companies further enrich their photovoltaic lines and upgrade their platform-type companies. The dollar, which corresponds to the current stock-price market gains of 67 times, 51 times, and 42 times, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.