The popularity of semiconductors in the capital markets in the interior has reached the point of madness. Not only is the industry overestimated, but there is also a lot of cases of crazy rise, to the point of refreshing three.
Today, the company to be studied is a case that was studied six months ago. It's a member of the project board, and it's a chip design. It's 57 bucks from the bottom, 118 bucks from the road to the top. It's special in that the customer list, the supplier list, is extremely luxurious.
Its top five clients, the top four semiconductors in the world, are Samsung, Intel, Hercules, and Light. Its top five suppliers, as well as the top five, are global chip manufacturing and sealing giants, such as Fujito, Intel, U.S.C. Electronics, TV, etc.
And that's why it leads to a special business phenomenon: its client concentration, the very high concentration of suppliers, which is 90%, and seeing it here, you might guess: it's so high up and down that it should be squeezed. Moreover, its recent Māori rate, which is as high as 70%, kills co-industry giants in seconds: high access (56%),
Intel (60%), Botun (50%), Texas instruments (65%), its name is "Technology" and its main product is the memory interface chip. Its product is primarily directed to the server memory city, where the server cpu has access to the memory data and can improve the speed and stability of its access to the data.
In this area, it is the leading industry, with the city at the top of 42% of the world, and this company, very favoured by Intel — in 2006, when it landed in Nasdak and was replenished by Intel (and later withdrawn); in November 2018, Intel spent an additional $175 million (approximately 1.2 billion yuan) on it.
However, less than six months later, its landing board, whose valuation has increased nearly one-fold, has jumped to $23 billion. Today, its market value has reached $123.8 billion.
1) The business of memory interface chips, why is it so concentrated up and down, is there any risk that its voice on the industrial chain will be in the right place? 2) By what means, it can achieve a global flagship, a Māori rate of up to 70%, and a second killing of Intel and Hightower.
Incontrovertible giants? 3) Today, both level I and II, both insiders and outsiders, are extremely troubled: this valuation, what are the blocks?
Today, we continue to study the industrial logic of the semiconductor industrial chain, as well as valuation features, using technology as an example. In this industry chain, we have studied the cases of power generation, Asma, Texas instruments, British Weida, Cyrus, and Medium and Micro Division, Moi-Innovation, and we have purchased the Science and Technology Model Report Bank of the elite team, looking at the relevant reports, as well as the details.
Excel Financial Modelling. Memory, how is this business? Memory, full random access memory memory memory memory memory, short for Ram. Communication central processor (cpu) and external storage.
The main function is to provide a bridge (e.g. a common u-disk, hard disk) as a transit station where the data in the external memory, based on cpu's computational needs, is to store the data that need to be calculated for the time being closer to it, so that they can be called quickly.
The RAM can be divided into dram (dynamic random access memory) and sram (static random access memory) according to the working principles of the storage unit.) To achieve the fast calculation function, on the one hand, it is ensured that the required data can be transported quickly to cpu if it is straight.
Read directly from external storage devices, the efficiency is slow (because external hard disks, disks, these media processing speeds are slow in themselves); on the other hand, if there is too much memory station data and redundant data cannot be cleaned up, there is a congestion, that is, when people use mobile phones, computers, they often get stuck to death.
At that time, a clever solution was born. In the 1960s, with the invention of a transistor integrated circuit, dram appeared, and in 1966, Robert Dennard of ibm invented the transistor dram memory.
Dram, a dynamic random memory, has two main advantages compared to the previous sram: first, it allows for periodic updating of data, a feature that determines that he is able to keep the data removed from the completed task in a continuous manner, while preserving and updating the data that is still on the mission. Second, he
While not as cheap as other mediums such as diskettes, the structure is simpler and cheaper than sram. So, when the dram appeared, it was quickly used in large numbers, allowing the dram to spread quickly and widely and become the dominant app of the ram, with Intel ' s first volume production of 1103 in 1970.
Historically, however, the first commercial dram had a capacity of only 1 kb, and now, even a web page might not run. But the evolution of industrialization dictates that as long as demand persists, technology will continue to evolve.
In 18 months, it doubles. And in the field of darm, its industry rules are that it evolves in a few major directions — large capacity (which can contain more data), high frequency of working hours (more rapid) and increasingly low work voltage (lower energy).
In 1979, the dram capacity was 64k, while in 1995 the dram capacity was 256m, an increase of 4,000 times. Moreover, the development cycle was updated almost every two or three years, and technology was transferred from places like the United States to Japan and Korea.
But note that the increase in the speed of RAM is far less than that of the cpu calculation, which is 1,000 times higher than the rate of RAM, which is only 20 times higher, which has greatly affected the upscaling of data centers. So, a new, intermediate solution has emerged – adding a cache control between dram and cpu.
. The basic logic is as follows: the core carrier of this buffer control module is the memory control chip. It comprises three categories: memory buffers, data buffers, and ddr register.
The effect of this is to turn the current deposit parallel structure into a serial point-to-point connection that solves the problem of increasing storage capacity in the server and increasing the delay in the speed of the upgrade. So this technology becomes a server memory area, but, compared to the entire dram field, the cache control chip is a very thin field, 2018.
The market capacity is only $580 million, so the big downstream Samsung, Intel, Magnetic Lights, etc. are generally out-sourcing, and currently there are a small number of companies worldwide in this field, the idt Corporation of the United States, the Rambus, and this case, the founder of technology, Yang Chong, who used to work in the American National Semiconductor, the China China China China Rainbow Semiconductor, is a continuous process.
The first business started in 1997 was the creation of Xintao Technologies in Shanghai. From its inception, the old semiconductor state company, Haihua Rainbow Electronics Group, Walden International Investment Group (Vc) and Nomura Securities Corporation of Japan, $9.4 million.
And, two years after it was established, it was manufactured, mainly for export to Matsumoto, Japan, for electricity use in 2001, and it was bought by the American idt company at a high cash price of $85 million, which was equivalent to the sum of the market values of the new wave and the search fox in NASDAQ at the time. Since then, Yang and his team have dug up the first barrel of gold.
Because of the acquisition agreement, the idt who went to the buyer to assume the position of vice president. And the idt was the head of the industry in the domain of memory interface chips, and it was during that time that Young Chong realized the prospect of internal interface chips -- and by that time, the dram had evolved to the point of ddr1, and ddr2 technology was already in place.
As stated earlier, the important thing for dddr is to introduce the buffer module compared to the technology before. So, Yang Chong and Idt started a second entrepreneurship after they left the office -- in 2004, with the creation of technology, with a focus on the development of memory interfaces, and more so than last time, this entrepreneurship acquired a large company, China's Electronic Information Industry Group, and industry.
In 2005, it launched its first ddr2 service with a buffer chip. Unfortunately, it was developed, but nobody uses it, because its use requires long testing by the dram manufacturer, the tristar, and the server, ibm. And, with that in mind, it developed a ddr3 service in 2010.
The memory buffer chip m88sste3288h0, which was finally certified by a large downstream enterprise, continued in 2013 with the launch of the ddr4 server ' s memory chip, first certified by intel, and was established as an industry standard by Jedec (Stile State Technology Association, the leading standard agency for the international microelectronics industry).
It is also due to technical and certification barriers that industry concentration in this area is increasing, with more than 10 industry participants at the ddr2 stage, but by the ddr4 stage, only three companies, such as technology, remain in the world, as follows:
In March 2019, the company submitted information in preparation for the launch of the project. How does this business make money?
The main products are deposit buffers, data buffers, memory buffers, etc., which are one of the core components of the RAM.
In this case, the Fabless factory, which is part of the three basic models of the integrated circuit industry, only uses chip designs. However, the chip design requires intellectual property licences and design tools, which are then turned over to the chip manufacturer, the sealer, to complete the product and sell it to the three-star intel and the dram manufacturer downstream.
Upstream, there are four major types of manufacturers - 1)ip (chip architecture and instruction series) providers - mainly arm, synopsys, imagification.cr3 is 65%, very concentrated, and the Maori rate is high, with the example of arm being up to 95%.
2) eda (integrated circuit design tool) tool providers - mainly cadence, synopsys, menor graphics, cr3, more than 70%, very concentrated, for example, cadence, with a Māori rate of more than 85%. 3) Crystal Circle Industry and Commerce (foundry) — predominantly voltage, Grovender, Union of Power, in addition to China Harbour International,
Warnos. Cr3, 75%, is very concentrated, and one of the main suppliers is power supply (the advanced production capacity of power generation has been scarce, so reliance on power generation is stronger). There is a big difference in the Māori rate, which is about 30%. And the chip encapsulation tester, mainly daylight, Antony, Jiangsu, is 46%, is relatively concentrated in the industry.
The average Māori rate was around 15%. In 2018, the top five suppliers built up the technology, and the top five suppliers were Hseng Kim Pong (seller, acquired by Jiang Su-hyeong), silicon (seller, acquired by daylight), Fujitun electron (seller), and telecommunications (chips)
In the downstream sector, which is dominated by the international dram enterprise – because dram technology is controlled by Japan and Korea, its downstream client base is three star electrons (Korea), sk Hercules (Korea), magnesium (U.S.A.). The average Māori rate is 58%.
In the context of this “industry chain kernel”, what is its profitability: in which income and Maori structures are dominated by memory interface chips, consumer electronic business is cut off midway, in 2018, the process of this business is roughly the same: R & D-manufacturing + sealing, sales, sales.
What is the level of R & D? The primary factor in the chip design industry is, of course, R & D, so what is its R & D capability? We look at it in three segments: R & D costs, intangible assets, patents.
15% of R & D investment, what is this level in comparable players (mainly chip designers)? We compare 1) for the transfer of technology - mainly for fingerprint identification chips, which has now been developed in the field of screen touch control and multi-scenes interaction. R & D costs 308 million, 597 million, 838 million yuan; this represents 10%, 16%, 23% of the revenue generated during the same period;
Total costing of R & D expenditure for the last three years. 2) All-a-way technology - system-level chip designers with audio and video entertainment at their core, with R & D costs of $330 million, $342 million, 312 million; 26%, 28%, and 23% of the revenue collected during the same period.
3) Giancai (mainly military graphic control chips), which have been expanded to civilian cards. R & D costs $50 million, $58 million, $81 million; this represents 18%, 19%, 20% of the revenue for the same period.
In comparison with R & D, which cost 444 million yuan, 503 million yuan and 492 million yuan, the share of peer R & D investment in the same period is almost 20 per cent, which makes the technology more intense than the industry chain.
First, the upgrading of traditional products, mainly the pre-research of ddr5, is a dimension of the technological advantage of the past drr2-drr4 which doubled from 3,200 mt/s to more than 6,400 mt/s. It is worth noting that, at present, Jedec (Standard Technology Association) still does not have the official standard to define ddr5.
Second, the new layout of the product, mainly the ai chip for the server processor.Intel (x86 structure), ibm (power structure); and the old gpu technology route.
Big Ying Weida; under arm’s structure, Chinese (Hesse 920). Interestingly, if we look at comparable companies, consummate technology is moving to other areas such as cars, smart homes, etc., the landscape focuses on application expansion, from traditional military to civilian.
The reason is simple, because the industry ceiling is low. By 2018, the RAM market had a capacity of $580 million, with 42%, the US idt market 32%, and the US Rambus 26%. So, its current transformation strategy is also under consideration.
Well, after seeing the cost of R & D, let's look at the intangibles - Intangibles, which, by structure, account for more than 90% of ip authorizations in 2016-2018.
And ip plays a key role in the chip design industry. Images say, ip is equivalent to the standard and rules of chip design, like building a building, how to build a door and window, how to set up an electrical and water heating pipe in the room, and a whole whole.
The standard, which is either developed on its own or authorized by an external ip provider, is more complex than the building, and it is necessary to ensure that the standard is consistent if it is compatible with the electronic device. The standard is either developed by itself or authorized by an external ip provider.
This top chip company also needs authorization from the arm to produce the corresponding cell phone soc chip. And, in technology, 90% of the ip authorization comes from outsourcing. And then, look at the patent.
In 2006-2016, there were 41 patents for inventions (recognizing new applications) and 46 patents for inventions outside the country (mostly in the United States).
Answer: Because of its downstream storage of the world ' s three stars, the technical and stability requirements for the memory interface are extremely demanding, requiring long-term validation periods. This dependency is both good and bad. For example, once certified and supported with the downstream giants, the harvest will remain fast.
One negative case is its competition with industry, America's Rambus. There were 3,000 patents in the internal storage interface, but it was successful in several lawsuits against giants like Intel, amd, and Samsung.
The big ones like Intel and Amd began to build up new companies to support the Rambus dollar, less than the technology in this case. Well, what should we do next, after the research and development crisis?
In this case, however, it uses the Fabless model, which focuses only on chip design, while the production and encapsulation tests of chips are done in an extraneous manner.
And the chip encapsulation test is done by the sealing plant, which, because of the commissioning model, has a lot of commissioning material in its inventory. This is similar to the case of the crystal morning shares studied by the research team in the Core Product II: the Science and Technology Ideas and Concepts Report.
Let's take a look at the inventory structure of the case: Chart: Stock structure units: billions of dollars. The larger share of the inventory is commissioned materials, which rises from year to year to about 60%, followed by inventory dealers.
In this case, the distribution of goods has declined in proportion to the relative benefits, indicating a shift in voice.
In fact, there are three reasons behind this: first, in 2016 and 2017, the memory interface chip was sold well and the demand was high downstream.
In the case of artificial intelligence, data centres and smart phones, which erupted with a supply-demand imbalance associated with their strong sales, spot prices rose from $1.5 per unit at the beginning of 2016 to $4 per unit at the beginning of 2018, a three-year increase of 160 per cent in the case of ddr34gb512m16mhz.
At the same time, precisely because of good behavior, it has also adopted a reserve strategy to take over the market. But, given the rapidness of chip rotations and the vulnerability to impairment, its stock has fallen significantly in the second place because it is prepared for large stock downswings.
In addition, there is a third incidental factor — which in 2017 focused on the main business (repository interface business) and removed the consumer electronic chip business, which resulted in a significant reduction in the stock of the consumer electronic chip; however, through the restructuring of the business, its high Māori ratio of memory interface chip operations (māori is between 50 and 60 per cent).
So, its combined Māori rate has risen significantly, to 70%, and its Māori level is comparable to that of its counterparts abroad, although it is much higher than that of its domestic counterparts. At this point, the chip product is ready for sale to downstream customers.
Due to the very high concentration of the downstream dram industry, cr3 has a market share of more than 90 per cent and is covered by three-star electronics, Hercules, magnesium light technology. As a result, its client concentration increased from 70 per cent to 90 per cent during the reporting period.
Seeing this place, you might think that this high concentration, the power of voice downstream, has led to a high level of accounts receivable and low turnover? For example, in the Core Product II: Science and Technology Modelling Report, we studied technology and shipboard technology, as well as the Corporation, with a concentration of 60 per cent of its clients, with a turnover rate of 60 per cent, respectively:
4.82, 5.87 and 5.6, with industry rankings at the bottom. 1) U.S. idt (combined signal supplier, world-old memory interface chip provider) accounts receivable for the last three years amount to $500 million, $700 million and $800 million, representing 11.1 per cent, 14 per cent and 15.09 per cent of total receipts for the same period.
It is statistically known that the turnover rate increased in 2018, possibly as a result of the fall in dram prices in the second half of 2018, the slowdown in downstream demand, and the consequent easing of some credit periods. Overall, however, the turnover of receivables was around 10 times, ranking ahead of the industry, suggesting that it was still in place.
You know, it's all big downstream. There are a number of reasons why it can be maintained: firstly, it's a leading business in the field, and it's a technologist high; secondly, downstream is not sensitive to its costs. Usually, among the material costs of a memory strip, dram's particles take over.
To more than 95 per cent of the cost, while the cache is only about 2 per cent, three of its downstream tristars, sk-Helix, and Light are oligopoly producers, often using oligopoly to increase the price of downstream mobile phones, computers, servers, and are more able to absorb higher prices.
So, we're all done with the chain, so what's the future, this industry, what's the future?
Upstream, service providers such as the ip provider, the crystal circle plant, the containment test plant, downstream, and the dram memory module provider, which is used as an important device for the data centre server.
At present, only three companies – technology, idt, and Rambus – have been able to provide more than 90% of the total, with market capacity of $580 million in 2018 and 43% annual compound growth over the last three years. This is largely due to rapid developments in large and mega enterprise data centres or cloud computing in recent years.
The market size of the interface chip from 2016 to 2018 is driven by two main drivers of future growth: first, cloud computing, large data and artificial intelligence development, and further demand for memory performance and capacity.
The annual standard server dram will have an average capacity of 366 gb and cagr will reach 26%. The RAM will have a direct pull capacity for the memory interface chip.
For example, the use side of the marginal computing scene, the need for storage and transport of low-time, high-capacity, low-energy-consuming data, and the extension of the side to the personal computer, are expected to continue to grow in a stable state over the coming period.
Even if the total ceiling is not high, the short-term growth is more certain. Then, another question remains unresolved: What will its future performance be in its new business? At present, the layout of its new business is that of cloud computing, artificial intelligence.
In 2017, at the University of United Qinghua, Intel launched its Jincushor cpu for data centre applications, and is currently developing an ai processor for servers. In terms of financial data for 2017-2018, the Jincpu has not yet made an income contribution.
At present, the ai processor has four main technical routes, one based on gpu general technology, two based on fpga, and one based on Cyrus:
3) Based on asic technology, representative is the Googletpu platform; 4) based on traditional cpu technology, representative is the dominant in this field, Intel. This field is basically suitable for vc investment until technology has evolved out of the dominant monopolistic path.
According to the data, the main technical route infigga+sram is based on the Intelx86cpu structure, which combines the technology that can be re-constructed.
More than 80% of the server market share, using the x86 architecture as the base structure, is a good way to integrate existing technologies. However, technological pathways alone are not enough, the development of the ai technology as a whole is fragmented, the extreme dependence is on the need to use the scene, and the scenes – algorithms – are very closely integrated. This determines that only specific scenarios are focused and finely developed.
In this context, scenarios require commercial capacity, algorithms require integration of solutions, and arithmetic/performance is the technological capability based on an ic-based approach. So how to achieve a deep convergence of scenarios + algorithms + technology requires deeper changes for technology-driven small and medium-sized firms.
It's a very important thing, the valuation model, how it works, and before we do the valuation analysis, let's take a look at the basics of the case:
1) What is at the heart of this business? — the server area and, indeed, the entire computing terminal, the need for increased hardware data storage and computing dispatch capability. 2) Where is its core moat? — technical and standard capabilities, tied to downstream giant clients.
3) What about this industry ceiling? – The size of the global memory interface chip market in 2018 was $580 million. Cr3 is more than 90% worldwide. It is now world leader, 40% market share in 2018. 4) What is the rate of growth in the next three years?
5) What is the pace of growth in the next decade? — See how new standards for new technologies such as ddr5, the ability to bind with downstream clients, and the opening up of new business areas in the future. 6) How is the business doing? — light asset model, rapid change of industry technology, concentration of upstream and downstream industries.
High, sustained competitiveness requires closely tied upstream/downstream relationships and continuous research and development of new technologies, and downstream dram markets are cyclical, as in the case of booms in the industry; in the case of low valleys, it is inaccurate to ask what should be asked if research is to be conducted?—1) How is it still possible to cool down downstream dram markets?—1
So, what are the strategies? Okay, so much, the important question is: valuation. Now, whether level I or II, whether in the field or in the field.
Outside, everyone is very anxious, looking at the technical uncertainties and the returns of the technology companies themselves, so in this case, it has to be understood: how much is it valued? Here, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified.
It's a water-to-water process. All of this is a table measure for financial modelling... and a detailed valuation matrix for some of the key companies, please buy a technical version of the report.
In the case of Kimshan office, smart nine, Evert, for example, the modeling part of the valuation, as follows:
In the next report, we will address the following major issues in the case, along the lines mentioned above. Only by thinking clearly about these issues will we be able to fully understand the company and form a logical link.
Industrial logic alone makes it possible to move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not clarified, there is still a risk of great disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and the data range is available.
What difference, if any, is there something to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign companies? 2) Is it logical to combine relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting valuation zones? Where are the differences?
3) In this case, one of the most important elements of the industry chain — how does the choice of different methods differ in the valuation modelling process in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed ring for the valuation modelling series?
4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, is the value of this case, what kind of area is it, expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, and therefore, the merger buys the eugenic report.
In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus II: Science Report Book of the elite team to scan two-dimensional codes below, to obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks involved.
In addition to this case, we have to add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj.
The eight words of value-deepness, security margins, can be said to be the true core of the value-investment research system, and the great minds of the greats of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Karaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which concentrates on our research excellence, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want. Copying, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, content analysis.
This paper is based on public company affiliation, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are unrelated to this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its integrity and accuracy.
Validity, timeliness. Market risks, research needs to be cautious. 3) On theme: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and not all of the cases you need are covered, understand. 4) On platform: all content of the elite is exported only by the micro-letter platform and is not responsible for any other platform content, for counterfeiting, tort.
[Data support] Some of the data from the study of this case, supported by the following institutions, are grateful for the fact that the national city is bloomberg, Reuters, and ranked in no order of rank.
It's essential. If you're interested in buying the data terminals of the above institutions, you're welcome to contact us.