On 10 March 2020, the global memory interface chip giant, 10 miles deep in the farming industry.
For more than a decade, the company's deep-dought memory interface chip field has been one of the best in the industry, with global markets accounting for more than 40% of the world's total, second only to the leading idt. The company uses the Fables business model, where products are sold directly to the world's top storage units, module manufacturers Samsung, Hercules, Light, etc., and global leading dram model suppliers Kingston,
Ramaxel and uniegen. The company's product lines are rich, covering the standard product of the ddr2-ddr4 memory interface agreement, and has rolled out the rdimrcd, lrdimrcd, lrdimmdb products that meet the dddr5 criteria. The company's technological leadership is the only global full buffer solution in the ddr3 and ddr4 generations.
The new generation of ddr5 products, certified by Intel, is expected to be produced in 2021, following the global dram technological upgrading process. In 2016-2018, the deep-in interface chip company, Inc., began to develop a new server, cpu, jointly with Qinghua University, Intel, and successfully launched its first in 2018.
The server industry is recovering, the memory interface chip is about to grow, and the memory interface chip is mainly used in the server area. A server is located differently from the low end of high school, and is mounted.
One or four cpu chips, one of which is usually equipped with a certain number of memory interface chips, so the RAM is associated with the height of the server's output. We believe that the beneficial cloud computing needs are pulled up, and the server's output is clearly up. As the second largest global manufacturer of memory interfaces, the company will benefit the industry in depth.
In addition, the company worked with the global server, cpu Dragonintel, for many years, with intel accounting for more than 90 per cent of the global server cpu market, and intel indirectly owns 9 per cent of the company ' s shares. Multi-level deep binding with intel will help QEDr5 move into the market, with more memory interface chips offering development opportunities.
The new generation of memory technology ddr5 has introduced a range of products that can enhance the reliability, usability and maintenance of memory modules, and the market adoption rate of ddr5 is expected to increase rapidly, with a combined market adoption rate of 45% for the products of lpddddr5+dddr5 in 2021.
Chips, from 10 chips in ddr4 to 11 chips. In addition, dddr5 will add components such as pmic (electric source management chip), ts (temperature sensor) to further enhance the value of memory interface chips.
The company's speed server cpu is supplied by Intel with a universal cpu core, and the University of Qinghua provides dynamic security monitoring techniques and re-assembly computing structures, and the company is responsible for the design of the whole module and part of the chip and for obtaining final ownership and brand, which meets the security and control requirements of the national product cpu.
The research and development experience with interface chips and server cpu, the first phase of which will be the development of the ai processor chip and the soc chip for cloud data centres. The ai chip is the basis for the development of the artificial intelligence industry, and the application needs of the ai chip will be expanded as the 5g application lands.
The company’s internal interface chip, which in 2018 contributed about 99.4% and 99.8% of the company’s gross profits, will also be driven by the business’s future performance. The industry has high technical barriers, high certification barriers, high entry barriers, companies as global double-head manufacturers.
One has a stronger market position. The memory interface chip industry is expected to go with the server from 2020, and the industry is expected to go up in the upward cycle, adding ddr5 to the higher usage, and the company will benefit deep into the industry.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given to comparable companies, based on 89 times the number of times p/e in 2020. Servers delivered less than expected, ddr5 chip R & D was less advanced than expected, and the international situation was volatile, leading to the company’s largest global memory interface, with more than ten loads of deep-farming industry.
The company was established in 2004 and began to provide solutions for storage interfaces in cloud computing markets, starting with the supply of fbdimm products for Intel (a full buffer double-column direct-plug-in module). During 2007-2009, the company received the first amb (high) from a large three-star client.
In 2011, the company acquired the Motorola Hang state centre, collecting more than $50 million for the first time and making a profit, and the product's focus began to shift to lrdimm (reduced double-column straight-in memory module).
The Division began to provide solutions for the buffers for rdimm (sending double-column into the memory module) and for the storage buffers for lrdim. In 2014, the company launched a memory interface package to support the intelxeon (top) es-2600v3 series of processors.
The company is now the second largest supplier of global memory interface chips. After 2016, the company began to develop a joint venture with Qinghua University and Intel to develop a server, cpu, with the successful launch of the first generation of a server platform product in 2018, which is currently in the market extension phase and is expected to become the company’s next business growth point.
Figure 1: For more than a decade, the firm ' s deep-farming industry has a highly fragmented and non-single shareholders. Since its establishment in 2004, the company has carried out six replenishments, two equity transfers, with 46 shareholders before listing.
17.982 per cent, with the China Electric Group holding 30 per cent of the share in the medium investment. In November 2018, the IntelCapital (intel wholly owned) and the svicno.28investment (three-star electronic indirect holdings) replenished the company with $175 million and $19 million, respectively, and eventually held 10.0 per cent and 1.1 per cent of the shares of the company, respectively.
13.9 per cent shareholding in intelcapital 9 per cent. Figure 2: Pre-market stock structure of the company. Figure 3: Post-market stock structure of the company (thirty-quarter report 2019)
At the beginning of the company, it started to focus on memory interface chip operations after 2017. In order to optimize the allocation of resources and improve the efficiency of operations, 2017.
Year after year, the company transferred the less-than-precedented consumer electronic chip business to all of its affiliates, and began to focus on the higher-prevalence server chip area. The company uses the Fables business model, and the share of the memory interface chip business contributing to revenue and profits increases from year to year.
After transferring the consumer electronic chip business, the company began to focus on providing chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence, mainly for memory interface chips, cpu-capture servers and hybrid safe memory modules.
The annual contribution rate was 66.08 per cent/76.14 per cent /99.49 per cent, and the gross profit rate was 81.30 per cent/93.73 per cent /99.88 per cent. The memory interface chip is the core device of the server memory module, which is the server cpu's access to the stored data, and is now the company's main product. 2) Xin Xin Xin Xin platform, 2016/2017/2018.
cpu is provided by Intel with a generic cpu inner core chip, the University of Qinghua with a recyclable computing processor (rcp) algorithm, and the company is responsible for the design of the whole module and part of the chip, which is applicable to data centres with higher requirements for data security; the hybrid safe memory module has a mot-icmt (montage, insption & controlonmorytrafic) developed autonomously by the company.
Storage control techniques, which can be applied to the catch program. Figure 5: Annual increase in the share of memory interface chip contributions per year. Figure 6: Annual increase in the proportion of gross profit from memory interface chip contributions
Memory interface chip  consumer chip  server platform  memory interface chip  consumer chip  server platform  company memory interface chip field has the second highest technological advantage worldwide.
In addition, the corporate-invented ddr4 full buffer 1+9 architecture has been adopted as an international standard by Jedec (the global microelectronic industry leadership standard), while actively participating in the ddr5jedec standard.
Figure 7: ddr4 full buffer 1+9 architecture adopted by jedec as an international standard 1 sent clock-driven chip (rcd)
In recent years, the global memory interface chip market has grown rapidly, with a market size of more than $550 million in 2018 and 25 per cent in 2016-2018. With its leadership in the interior interface chip area, corporate collections have grown year by year, and companies are R & D-type companies that have accumulated research and development over the years.
Core competitiveness has been created, with the increase in unit prices for the sale of products driving the increase in the Māori rate. In 2018, the company earned 1,758 million yuan, while in 2018 it achieved a net profit of 737 million yuan, a net interest rate of 41.92 per cent, a net profit of 451 million yuan for 2019h1 and a net interest rate of 51.3 per cent.
Figure 9: In 2018, the global memory interface chip market was more than $550 million.
Global cloud producers are actively deployed, and capital spending is starting to warm. According to capital spending by four major cloud producers in North America (Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook) and three major cloud producers in the country (Tweeting, Ali, 100 degrees), the 19q1 industry has led to a significant reduction in capital expenditure, and 19q3 capital expenditure has risen significantly as downstream demand and expected improvement.
The global cloud market is concentrated, and domestic operators are actively involved in the construction of the cloud server. Clouds can be divided into three categories, including operators (Moved and Mobile Clouds in China, Utsung Wayun in China, Telecommunications Sky Clouds in China, etc.), and traditional IT manufacturers (ibm Clouds, etc.).
In global terms, Internet companies account for the main market share, with the top four Internet cloud producers accounting for 64.8% of the market share, with Amazons ranked first, with global cities accounting for more than 30%. Domestically, with the exception of Internet companies, operators compete in a fierce market environment.
In 2018, the city of Ariyu became the first in the country, ranking fourth in the world, with Ting Xiyu City accounting for 16.50%, the new Halo Network, which operates cloud services in the Amazon, with a market share of 16.50%, and the domestic operator's active deployment, which is also in the hands of the country's operators.
With a significant share, China Telecom and China Connect ' s combined share of domestic cities amounted to 13.8 per cent, and with the global warming of cloud producers ' capital spending and the active participation of domestic operators in cloud server construction, the volume of global server deliveries has begun to pick up and the market size of the data centre is expected to expand significantly by 2020.
The volume rose to 3,092,000 and the ring grew by 14%, with a fall of 6.4 pct, a fall of 19q3 in global market size of $23.15 billion, an increase of 9.4% and a fall of 4.5 pct. Driven by an increase in the number of servers, the global data centre market is projected to be $789.7 million in 2020, a 14.4% increase in the domestic data centre market.
The size will reach $20.79 billion, an increase of 31.1 per cent over the same period. Figure 18: Global data centre market size can reach $789.7 billion in 2020. Figure 19: China data centre market size can reach $20.79 billion in 2020.
The global data centre market size ($ billion) oy (%2.2) will grow faster than the server speed of the memory interface chip, which is the core component of the data transfer between cpu and memory (dram), qualified supplier
The memory interface chip is part of the memory module and is used primarily in the server area to help the server cpu access the data in memory, store the data through the memory interface chip and buffer it to increase the speed and stability of cpu's access to the memory data and to meet the increasing tolerance of the server cpu's memory module.
Quantity and performance requirements. The memory interface chip requires three rounds of rigorous certification of the various memory particles and memory modules produced by the memory manufacturer, supported by the cpu manufacturer (intel, etc.), the memory supplier (three stars, sk Hercules, etc.) and the server vendor in the areas of stability, speed of operation and power consumption.
The memory interface chip of the ddr2-ddr4 protocol standard has been certified by the industry successively and is currently the only global manufacturer certified by Intel for both the ddr3 and ddr4 generation full buffer solutions, while actively developing the memory clock drive chip and the data buffer chip that meets the dddr5 standard. (Note: ddr (doubledatarate) is a memory module.)
The technology to double output has become the dominant memory norm and is supported by mainstream products from major chip groupers.) Speed increases. The memory interface chip is the core of the memory module, with individual cpu typically equipped with multiple memory modules, and the demand for the memory interface chip will multiply as the number of service providers increases. Furthermore, with server data processing capabilities
, the number of cpu cores on a single server is also increasing, with a general low-end server carrying a cpu core, a mid-end server carrying two to three cpu cores, and a high-end server carrying four cpu cores, further boosting the need for memory interface chips.
Figure 20: Share of servers at different prices Intel monopolizes global server cpu supply, and contributes to stock growth. At present, Intel accounts for nearly 95% of the global server cpu market and has an absolute monopoly on the server market.
By taking 9% of the company’s equity, it binds it to multiple layers of depth by entering the stock. The company’s memory interface chip, certified by Intel, allows it to enter the server application market more quickly and to take its share, thereby continuing to benefit from the ddr5 technology of the server market size, and to carry more memory interface chips to the development machine.
The corporate memory interface product covers the ddr2-ddr4 protocol standard, creating industry leadership by inventing the ddr4 full buffer "1+9 " architecture. The memory interface chip can be classified by function as a deposit buffer (rcd), data buffer (db) and memory buffer (mb).
Control and distribution of data transmission, db for storage of data signals from memory controllers or memory, mb having both rcd and db functions, which can be achieved by a single chip (advanced memory buffer amb or mb) or by rcd and db packages, with different quantities of rcd, db and mm forming a different RAM (ddr) standard
The dram module. Previously, the memory interface chip under the ddr2 and ddr3 criteria was a centralized single mb or rcd chip. By the ddr4 era, the company invented a complete ddr4 buffer "1+9" architecture, using a rcd+9 db to form a distributed set of memory interface chips, significantly reducing the load between cpu and the memory particles and reducing the mail.
No. transmission loss, which effectively resolved the contradiction between the high capacity of memory storage and the high speed at which cpu was processed, was subsequently adopted as an international standard by Jedec (the leading standard agency in the global microelectronics industry), thus creating a corporate memory interface chip area, Figure 23: Company rolls out the total ddr4 buffer "1+9" distribution architecture
ddr4lrdim or nvdmm rcd hhh
Ddr4 memory controller The memory market is leading to a dddr5 technological upgrade, and the company is actively involved in standard setting of the relevant memory interface chips to maintain the technical lead. As cloud computing, big data rises, the data capacity and processing speed of the server is increasing.
The ddr5 has been improved mainly in terms of power consumption, capacity and speed of transmission compared to ddr4, by reducing power consumption from 1.2v supported by ddr4 to 1.1v, further reducing power consumption; and 2) above capacity, the dddr5 memory will start from 8gb with a single RAM of up to 32gb, which is twice the storage capacity of ddr4:3)
With regard to the rate of transmission, ddr5 can easily achieve a high rate of operation of 4,800 mt/s, with a maximum rate of 6,400 mt/s, which is twice the rate of ddr4. In addition, ddr5 has increased its bandwidth from 25.6 gb/s to 32 gb/s, and the number of pre-empted places has increased from 8 to 16 places, significantly increasing data transmission performance.
The new functionality of the robust memory module ras (reliability, usability and maintenance) performance is expected to be gradually replaced in the coming years. Figure 24: The corporate memory interface chip product updates over time as the ddr technology upgrades, while the volume and value of the memory module rises as the ddr-related technology upgrades, thus driving the memory interface
The number and value of chips increased. In the dddr4, the number of memory interface chips used by companies in lrdim increased from 1 in ddr3 to 10 (9 db + 1 rcd) and by the ddr5 period, the number of memory interface chips will continue to increase to 11 (10 db + 1 rcd), with the added value of memory interface chips in individual memory modules.
Figure 25: The ddr5 memory interface chip uses a "1+10" structure. In addition, the dddr5 will add components such as pmic (power management chip), ts (temperature sensor) to further enhance the value of the memory interface chip. 1) To reduce power consumption, the dddr5 work voltage will drop from 1.2v to 1.1v of ddr4,
Signal noise limits have become smaller, and pmic needs to control power loads more effectively, while at the same time meeting the need for high particle capacity and velocity of the ddr5 memory, pmic will move from the main board (motherboard) to each memory module, thereby increasing the spread of heat and reducing voltage fluctuations, making the power module smaller and more energy-efficient, and thus pulling the pmic-set.
(ii) In order to achieve excellent temperature control, ddr5 will carry more ts sensors (from 1 in ddr4 to 2); and 3) with the increase in the number of components and signal speed, dddr5 will adopt a more space-efficient and efficient system management bus solution, while achieving greater reliability and scalability.
The city share of ddr5 will rise rapidly in the future with the introduction of the dd5-related products. Cadenceanalysis predicts that in 2020-2022, the city of ddr5 will reach 7%, 16% and 25%, respectively, and the city of cagr 89%.
Three major companies around the world are currently actively developing memory interface chips that meet the ddr5 criteria, in addition to technology, idt, and Rambus. Rambus announced the development of ddr5 interface chips in 2017.
The ddr5 products developed by the company in the first phase include gen. 1.0dddr5 timers and gen.1.0dddr5 data buffers, which are expected to produce the first generation of ddr5 chips by 2021.
The company has been active in setting up servers, cpu, an artificial intelligence (ai) processor chip and soc chip, generating short-term revenue of tens of thousands of dollars, 32% for the server cpu and its platform technology upgrade project, and 23% for the i chip development project. With the rise of domestic cloud computing, big data platforms, and the growing need for national ownership of core hardware technology, the company has become more self-controllable.
The company raised more than 50 per cent of its funds for research and development related to the servers cpu and ai chip.
Yes. While the Cpu server is provided with a universal cpu core by Intel, the company has acquired final ownership and branding, plus the dynamic security monitoring and re-engineering architecture of Qinghua University, and the Qinghua server cpu has created an original cpu national production path, the results of which were published at the top global high-performance chip conference in 2019.
In addition, real-time chip-level security monitoring can be achieved through the installation of a company ' s self-researched hybrid security memory module, which provides a more secure and reliable platform for cloud computing data centres to meet domestic requirements for core hardware security control. In 2018, the company successfully launched the first generation capture server platform, which is currently in the market extension phase and is expected to be in place in 2021-2022.
In 2017, the company set up the "Singing Alliance" to attract software and hardware companies, including the Association, Hewlett-Packard, Pepsi and Xinhua, to build a good server platform ecosystem. According to idc, X86 servers in 2018 ranked 4th and 5th respectively, Xinhua and Xinhua wanted to be ranked.
A total of 10.3 per cent and 9.2 per cent provided the basis for companies to expand the domestic market with their own servers.
Securely controlled home-grown solutions, adjacent to clients, facilitating the provision of timely and comprehensive services, and fuelling the provision of core chips.
Critical processes are perfectly manageable, with a deep understanding of clients' needs based on mature x86 ecosystems.
Figure 30: Market share of Chinese x 86 servers in 2018 (in terms of volume of shipments) The company's positioning of the ai chip as a future business development, building on its research and development experience in the consumption of electronic chips, memory interface chips and server cpu, the first phase of which will be the development of the ai processor chip and soc for cloud data centres
Chips. Ai chip is the basis for the development of the artificial intelligence industry. As the application of 5g lands, future technologies such as high data transfer rates, low counter-responsible network of things, autopilot, etc. will become possible, and the application needs of ai chip will be expanded accordingly. Ai processor chips will be added to the vector computing module to support matrix calculations of artificial intelligence applications to enhance the use of artificial intelligence chips.
, soc chips can integrate a variety of chip functions, including cpu, gpu, modem and dsp, reduce signal transmission delays, while supporting multiple neural network models, and the company expects to achieve the ai processor and soc chips by 2021-2022.
The company’s internal interface chip, which in 2018 contributed about 99.4% to the company’s gross profit, and 99.8% to the company’s future performance, will also be largely driven by the business. The memory interface chip industry has high technology walls, high certification barriers, high entry barriers, and a firmer market position as one of the global double-head manufacturers.
The memory interface chip industry, starting in 2020, is expected to go into an upscaling cycle with the server industry, adding ddr5 to use, and we're choosing domestic memory chip taps for easy innovation, cis chip tap Weir shares, equipment taps North China to create comparable companies, with the first `recommended' rating based on the comparable company '89 times p/e in 2020.
The risk is that the RAM interface chip is the core logical device of the RAM module, that the server needs to carry multiple RAM modules, that the purchase of the server by the end client directly determines the need for the RAM chip, and that if the service provider delivers less than expected, it may affect the RAM chip delivery volume, thereby affecting the company ' s performance.
Ddr5 chip R & D is less advanced than expected: dddr5 is a new generation of double-rate dynamic random storage (dram) standards, and companies are actively developing relevant products, which may affect the company ' s future market position and hence its performance if the company ' s Ddr5 memory interface chip R & D is less advanced than expected.
The risk of a change in the international situation is that the company’s major clients cover the leading firms in the global dram market if
Wang Fang, chief of the electronics industry, has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.