The company's main business is to provide chip-based solutions for cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
Increased penetration of memory interface chips gen2plus, ddr5 generation commercial, and the development potential of the pcle and Jinning platforms, for the first time covered and rated. Deep-deep-deep interface chip fields, internationally renowned ic companies.
Listed in NASDAQ in 2013, the privateization of the company was completed in 2014 by Pudongko's co-directorate of Chinese electricity input, and in July 2019, it entered the prototype. After stripping the consumer electronic chip business, the company concentrated on the server chip market. The company's equity structure was fragmented, with the first major shareholder being the medium power control.
Holding 14.31% of the company’s equity, and intelcapital holding 9% of the company’s equity. Since 2018, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate levels have continued to rise, with far greater profitability than domestic design enterprises.
The increasing load capacity of the system drives the increase in the number of memory bar configurations, the exponential increase in the volume of data, the increase in the demand for long and marginal calculations, the increase in the demand for servers, and therefore, the increase in the demand for memory modules from a quantitative point of view. The iterativeity of memory technology drives the rise in the core of the memory interface.
. The company ddr4gen2plus ratio is expected to rise to over 50% in 2020, and the market-oriented ddr5 in 2021. From a price point of view, the increase in gen2plus penetration and ddr5 sales will drive up the average unit price of the memory interface chip.
Pcie builds a new growth pole and captures the platform for technology. Pcie breaks the market down to a smaller size, but the market is relatively small, and as the technical standards of pcle are upgraded, the market rules change.
The model is also growing. The company is currently developing a pcletimer, one of the unlocking conditions of the stock boom year. The extension of the pcle product line will bring new performance growth points for the company.
At the end of 2018, the company launched its first generation of Xin Xin Xin platform products, which now has the capacity to deliver in bulk and has greater potential for growth in the future.
ddr5 is not as advanced as expected; pcle is not as advanced as expected; and the capture server platform is not as popular as expected.
One of the first companies to become a chip-based solution in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence was the company's main business.
Programs, major products include server memory interface chips, Xin Quick server cpu, and mixed security memory modules, with customers covering major international memory plants such as three star electrons, Hercules, etc. After more than 10 years of development and sedimentation, technology has developed into an internationally recognized chip design company, core products have been widely used on various servers, and end-users cover a wide range of well-known domestic and international Internet businesses and uniforms.
Chart 1. Development of major technology products from NASDAQ to the Science and Technology Board. In March 2004, the company of the parent technology company, Montagegroup, was registered. In May 2004, the Montagegroup was created with limited resources (the company ' s predecessor); and between 2006 and 2013, the Montagegroup was increased and owned.
Transfers were introduced to aisavestopportunitiesfundiv, intelcapital; in September 2013, the montagegroup in U.S.A.
In 2017, the centralization of business resources facilitated the limited transfer of assets related to consumer electronic chip operations to both domestic and mobile terminals, and focused on servers.
The stock structure is fragmented, Intel and Samsung's e-strategy holdings. The company's equity structure is more fragmented, with the first major shareholder being a medium-power holding 14.31% of the company's shareholding. Intelcapital under Intel holds 9% of the company's shareholdings. Wltpartners and their related party, Jean Hao, together hold 13.9% of the company's shareholdings. The company's founders, Mr. Yang and Mr. Stephenkuong-lotai, hold separately through wlt.
Svicno.28investment holds 1% of the company’s shareholdings.
In 2017, the company removed 1,251 million yuan from the consumer electronic chip industry, an increase of 10.63 per cent over the same period, and the mother ' s net profit of 744 million yuan, an increase of 32.15 per cent over the same period. High barriers were constructed with a high Māori rate and increased profitability. After the company removed the consumer electronic chip business, the focus was on the server chip market.
Since 2018, Māori rates and net interest rates have continued to rise. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company combined Māori rate was 74.23 per cent, increasing its profitability by the same year, leading the Peckic Design Company. From a per capita income-generating and per capita profitability level, the company generated $6.89 million per capita in 2018, generating a profit of $2.89 million per capita, well above the other ac design. From Māori and net interest rates, the company has been gross since 2018.
The interest rate level remained at around 70 per cent, with net interest rates above 40 per cent, well above the average of a sharec design.
- Sticky -- mediocre electronics -- one technology -- one technology -- one technology -- one technology -- one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, one technology, another.
Cloud computing and the development of the ai industry drive demand growth, leading to a high-barrel server market that provides chip-based solutions for the cloud computing and artificial intelligence industries. Server industry chains include upstream chip layers, as well as hardware layers, basic software layers, infrastructure layers, and applications layers.
The market, and currently the main product, is the chip layer of the server’s industrial chain. The memory interface chip is directed directly to the dram storage market, and the terminal customers cover the industries of cloud computing and artificial intelligence.
cpu and dram are the two core parts of the server, and the memory interface chip is the core control chip of the memory module. The server is an important hardware platform that supports cloud computing and artificial intelligence technology landing, while the cpu and dram are the two core parts of the server. The company's memory interface chip is the core control chip of the server memory module, and cpu access to the memory data is always accessible.
Memory data access speed and stability, meeting the high performance requirements of the server cpu for the memory module. Figure 13. Memory interface industry chain deep-deeping memory interface chip area, inventing the 1+9 structure to secure ddr4.
The jedec standard high-performance memory interface solution, successive roll-out of ddr2, dd3 memory interface chips, but the Dddr2 and dddr3 interface chip market did not generate much revenue. At the ddr4 market, the company technology layout was earlier, and the invented ddr4 fully buffered 1+9 architecture was adopted as an international standard by jedec.
The company’s advantages are clear, its market share is clear, and the sales scale is rising. Figure 14. The company’s invention of a ddr4 fully buffered “1+9” architecture 1 sent clock-driven chip (rcd)
The company invented the full buffer "1+9" architecture, breaking through the central architecture design of ddr2, ddr3, innovatively using a deposit buffer with a distribution structure layout of a core and nine data buffer control chip, thereby significantly reducing loads between cpu and dram particles, reducing signal transmission losses and resolving the contradiction between large capacity and high velocity of the memory system.
2 Demand growth plus technology upgrades, flash interface chip price growth trends continue data growth and drive server demand growth. The server ' s downstream application market includes cloud computing, operators, governments, etc., with the largest share of large cloud producers, 50% based on idc data. The idc data show that there were 38 billion interconnected devices worldwide in 2019, and by 2025 it was all over the world.
The ball will have 56 billion interconnected devices. Sustained growth in the number of interconnected devices will result in an exponential increase in the volume of global data, while demand for data processing will contribute to an increase in server demand. According to idc data, global data volume has increased by 25 per cent annually since 2015, and global data volume is estimated to reach 175zb by 2025. In the long run, the storage and processing of large amounts of data will contribute to an increase in server demand.
The marginal calculation is expected to drive a new round of growth in server output. From global server output data, 2017q2 began to grow globally, and by the first quarter of 2018, it rose by more than 15%. The growth in server output was driven mainly by developments in the cloud computing industry.
The volume of processors is expected to grow in a new round. The number of memory bar configurations on single servers is increasing. As the load capacity of servers for data storage and processing increases, so does the number of memory units assigned to single servers.
Volume acceleration is at the top, with the server's memory dram bit output expected to increase by about 20% by the same time in 2020. lrdim is accompanied by an increase in the ratio and the value of the memory interface chips of individual memory modules. The memory modules currently used by the server are mainly rdim (attendance double-column straight-plug-in module) and lrdim (reduced double-column straight-plug-in module).
Using the "1+9" architecture, it is more advantageous to reduce the load and power of the memory bus and provide maximum support capacity for the memory, but the pre-filing rate is still low. As server performance improves, Irdimm's attachment ratio will increase. lrdimm combines one rcd chip with nine db chips, while rdimm only carries one rcd chip, so lrdimm has an increase in the ratio, which will drive a single memory model.
The core logical device of the server memory module is the memory interface chip, which is used primarily to increase the speed and stability of RAM access to meet the increasing high performance and volume requirements of the server cpu over the memory module.
As memory evolves from ddr to ddr2, ddr3 and dddr4, memory interface chip technology also continues to upgrade. In 2016, mainstream memory interface chips supported a maximum transmission rate of 2400 mt/s, while mainstream memory interface chips supported a maximum transmission rate of 2933 mt/s by the end of 2018, and the maximum transmission rate supported by the memory interface chips has continued to rise over the last three years.
The company's research and development of memory interface chip products from the ddr2 generation continued with the upgrading of dram memory technology. In the ddr4 generation, the company's products went through the first generation (gen1) ddr4 sent clock drive chips and data buffers from the plusddr4 sent clock drive chips and data buffer chips, which are expected to start moving to the market by 2019.
The average unit price of the memory interface chip product has continued to grow. The new generation of memory interface chips, due to technological upgrading, usually higher unit prices than those of the previous generation, has been accompanied by product overlaps, and the average unit price of the company ' s memory interface chip has increased. According to the company, the share of gen2plus in 2020 will increase further, with ddr5 expected to enter the market in 2021. The company ' s gen2plus product began to grow in 2019.
The penetration rate of gen2plus products is expected to rise further in 2020, as they move to the market, but remain low in the overall product structure. For the most recent drirr5 memory technology, the company started the development of ddr5 memory interface chips in 2018, completed the first generation of workers’ businesses, and the profitability of the company’s memory interface chip is expected to continue to improve.
3cpu, high concentration in the memory market, construction of industry-protected rivers, full-scale authentication of the memory interface chips through cpu, memory, oem manufacturers. cpu and dram are two of the core parts of the server, and the memory interface chips are located on the main command address and data main route to the memory module where the particles are stored.
cpu access to RAM data is mandatory. Therefore, the memory interface chip requires full-scale authentication of cpu, memory, oem functionality and performance in order to enter commercial size. Also, service ecosystem access thresholds are high due to the safety and stability of large data centres.
Chart 22.dram memory market patterns x86 server cpu markets are highly concentrated. Intel and amd dominate the entire market, based on the x86 server cpu market patterns. Intel accounts for more than 95% of the market.
The concentration of the dram memory market is high. According to the global dram memory market pattern, three stars, Hercules, and Light together account for more than 90% of the share. The high concentration of cpu and dram market patterns makes it more difficult to enter the chip market for the memory interfaces and to build industry moat rivers.
Figure 24. The market pattern for memory indram shows a decrease in the number of major manufacturers from a dozen in the ddr2 generation to three in the ddr4 generation from the market pattern of memory interfaces. Currently, there are three major producers in the global market that can provide dddr4 generation memory interface chips, each of which is technology, idt, and Rambus.
The share of Rambus is relatively small and the share of companies and idt is relatively high.idt, established in 1980 and based in the United States, is a company that provides a combination signal semiconductor solution for the communications, computer and consumer industries, and is now being acquired electronically in Risa, Japan.idt can provide ddr3 and ddr4lrdim storage interface solutions.
Since its inception, Rambus, which is based in the United States and is a technology solutions research and development company, has been serving products in the field of secure R & D, advanced led lighting and monitors, and authentically mobile media.
Research and development of products, applications of current products to high-performance PCs, graphic workstations, servers and other equipment with some late requirements for bandwidth and delay.
There is a continuing trend. According to regular reporting for the first three quarters of the fiscal year 2019, its operating income for the first three quarters of the 2019s was $70,458.70 million, representing a net profit of $87.82 million, of which $206.78.7 million was earned in the RAM chip area, representing some US$ 36.4 million, or about 15 per cent of total income.
Figure 26. Revenue composition of camp (26.idt fiscal year 2018) Figure 27.idt Income from memory interface chips (millions of United States dollars) Figure 28. Rambus camp composition (2018 fiscal year)
Figure 29. Income from memory interface products in Rambus (millions of United States dollars)
The pcie (pciexpress) protocol is an end-to-end interconnection agreement that provides a solution for high-speed transmission bandwidth. The third generation of i/o technology designed to replace the pci bus was officially announced by Intel at the 2001 Intel Spring Idf Congress and called the third generation i/o bus technology, which was retitled “pci-express” after the pci-sig certification was issued. The new standard replaced the then pci and agp to achieve the main line marker.
Premium harmonization. Compared to pci and earlier shared parallel structures of the computer bus, pcie uses the current popular dot-to-point line connection, the main advantage of which is the high rate of data transfer. pcie also has a variety of specifications, ranging from pciexpress 1x to pciexpress16x, to meet the demand for low-speed and high-speed equipment that is occurring now and in the future.
Figure 30. Pcle bus interfaces are smaller and less participatory. The market is a segmented market with smaller markets, but market size is growing as the technical standards of pcle are upgraded.
In this case, the R & D and industrialization of gen4pci-eretimemer, with a cumulative sales value of at least $10 million as one of the conditions for unlocking 2021. In terms of market patterns for the product, the market is currently relatively small, mainly idt. Moving the product to the market in the future will bring new performance growth points for the company.
Chart 32.pcle interfaces show that, together with Intel and Qinghua University, the Qinghua University has developed and developed the Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Quick server platform, which already has the capacity to deliver in bulk. In September 2015, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Qinghua University, Intel.
The three parties agreed to combine a reconstructible study based on the Intelx86 architecture with a study on storage buffers to provide a holistic server platform solution; in January 2016, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Intel on the details of its cooperation; in 2018, the company pushed out the first generation of the server platform products to achieve a sales income of almost $10 million.
The bulk supply capacity is in the market extension phase. Chart 33. cpu capture server platform consists of a combination of a series of cpu and a combination of technology-based safe memory modules.
Based on the x86 processor, the Qinghua University's reconstructible technology, with pre-detection and dynamic security monitoring features, is applied to  or other common server platforms. The mixed-security memory module, using mot-icmt  memory control technologies that inflame technology with autonomous intellectual property rights, can provide a more secure and reliable memory solution for high-end server platforms.
Security memory module: The standard version mixed security memory module (hsdimm) and the streamlined version mixed security memory module (hsdimmly-lite) provide different levels of data security solutions for different application scenarios.
Figure 34. Quick servers platform Quick servers platform Quick servers platform mainly for cloud computing markets with higher requirements for data security and computational performance. According to idc data, global service providers deliver more than 10 million units per year and more than 50% to downstream cloud computing firms.
At present, the company’s rapid service server platform is still in its roll-out phase, with greater growth potential. Considering the increase in penetration of the memory interface gen2plus, and the growth drivers from the ddr4 to the ddr5 generation,
The splitting was based on the following assumptions: (1) memory interface chip technology upgrade, ddr4gen2plus penetration in 2020 increased to over 50 per cent, and memory interface chips from the 2021 ddr5 generation were pushed to the market.
(2) lrdim ' s attachment rate increases, and the increase in demand for memory module capacity and speed will drive the increase in lrdim ' s attachment rate, which is expected to increase significantly when ddr5 moves to the market. (3) Global server output increases by low and high digits in 2020 and 2021, respectively; with server data
The capacity to store and process loads is increasing, and the average configuration of single server memory modules is increasing. (4) Māori rates are stable, taking into account the relative stability of the market for memory interface chips, the technical overlap of products over the next two years, and the company ' s Māori ratio of memory interface flash chips is maintained at a relatively stable level.
1 and ddr5 is not as advanced as expected. The transmission speed, power consumption, etc. are further upgraded in ddr5 than in ddr4, so the memory chip technology will also be upgraded. If the ddr5 advance is not as advanced as expected, it will affect the company’s profitability. 2 and pcie is not as advanced as expected; pcie is another product line that the company expands, and if pcie’s development is not as advanced as expected, it will be filmed.
The company’s capture server platform is currently in the client extension phase, and if future customers are moving at a slower pace than expected, it will affect the capture platform’s revenue.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)