Bank of Merchants (600036) Retail poles, strong and strong, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Recommended logic: 1. Companies are retail banking poles that pre-empt the size and quality of the customer base, and that have stratified and focused on wholesale customers, creating a low-cost moat for the debtor, with a savings rate of 2020h1. Retail clients reached 155 million households, an increase of 7.6 per cent from the end of the year and aum balances of 8.6 trillion, compared to the previous year.
At the end, 15.2 per cent of the growth was achieved, the number of high-net sunflowers and private bank accounts, aum grew faster than the overall increase in retail sales, the customer base continued to grow favourably, leading to steady growth in credit cards and middle business;3 companies have been at the forefront of the industry in promoting business transformation, and companies are now promoting the 3.0 digitalization of retail finance and technology endowments.
• Focus on client stratification strategies to create low-cost competitive advantages. The cost advantages of corporate liabilities are strong, wholesale operations focus on customer stratification strategies, retail operations conduct customer flows and cross-selling.
The cost of deposits is equal to that of state-owned businesses. Retailing is strong, driving high-quality growth in performance. Companies have a pre-emptive advantage in retailing.
Retail clients continue to grow in size and aum, while serving as large retail customers with high net-value strategic clients in depth, growing numbers of sunflower customers, private bank customers and managing total assets (aum) year after year, retailing has become a major driver of growth in performance, while recruiting more and more middle-level services to speed up the construction process.
A robust growth of non-interest income through up-to-date operations. • A healthy asset structure that builds wind-control mounds. A high proportion of retail operations create natural wind-control mounds for companies, with companies focusing on high-quality industries, regions, projects and customers, continuously optimizing the risk-asset group
A combination of configurations, non-performing loan balances, and poor rates have continued to drop. In 2020, as a result of the new crowning epidemic, the quality of bank assets has been generally affected, companies have insisted on a management strategy based on strict asset classification, full exposure to risks, and a substantial build-up of the base of the provision, with an increase in the disposal of bad assets, with a negative loan rate of 1.13 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Businesses have continued to promote the digitalization of retail finance by 3.0, and have been increasingly investing in information technology, amounting to 3,922 million yuan in the first half of 2020.
The two main apps built up the app Pan-Financial Eco-Coopers “core financial scenes + life scenes” by integrating mau and aum, first expanding outreach and full access, then developing customer retention rates, and providing clients with a full range of one-stop-shop financial services, leading to liquidity realization.
With the digital advantage, companies are expected to continue to consolidate and expand their differentiated advantage. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies are the poles of retail banks, pioneers of business transformation, have clear costs, wind control, technological advantages, and have more pressure in the face of the epidemic and economic cycles.
Companies are high-quality assets in the banking sector and should enjoy value-value premiums, giving companies 1.85 x target pb in 2021, with tighter interest rates or downsides leading to higher-than-expected interest differentials, etc. The Merchant Bank was established in 1987 in the context of China’s exploration of the path to financial reform.
After 33 years of development, the recruiting bank has become a large group of banks with financial plates such as commercial banks, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore investment, etc.
The company landed in 2002a, launched 2006h shares, and continues to move forward with business transformation. Figure 1: Three transformations in the Brethren Bank for the first time: Retail Leadership. Unlike the market at the time, where it was generally heavily tied to public business, the company had a strong reputation for retail business.
The recruitment campaign in 2004 introduced “Retail banking as a strategic priority for development, gradually moving into a change in the regulatory and organizational structure of retail banking” and, in 2005, formally proposed “Accelerating the development of retail, intermediate and small and medium-sized enterprise operations.” With the pre-emptive advantages of business transformation, the retailing of companies has grown rapidly, up to 2020q3.
Retail financial operations generated operating revenues of $118,612 million, an increase of 11 per cent, or 58.04 per cent of the company ' s operating income, and continued to be visible under the influence of the epidemic, with retail operations as a whole leading industry.
External challenges such as the rapid development of strong, direct financing, and steady progress in the marketization of interest rates, and in keeping with the trend of modern banking, companies have taken the lead in proposing a shift in business and a second transformation in their domestic counterparts on the basis of a continuing in-depth transition.
Relying on management upgrades, technological advances, and a shift in inclusive business practices that enhance staff effectiveness, five goals have been set for capital efficiency, loan risk pricing, cost efficiency, value-client ratios, and wind control. In 2014, companies undertook a two-pronged transformation to further define a “one-wing” development strategy and move on to light banking.
In 2017, the company clearly made financial science and technology a top priority for the next three to five years, and it worked hard to build a “financial technology bank” as a way to deepen the “light banking” strategy.
The transformation of the MIST Bank has made financial science and technology a “nuclear power” in the second half of the strategic transition. This includes the following aspects: promoting the upgrading of financial science and technology infrastructure across the board: “networking, digitalization, intellectualization” of retail finance to fully boost operations: automation of wholesale finance backstage, intellectual transformation: shaping the “end-to-end” customer journey to enhance client experience.
As a benchmark for successful industrial transformation, companies have grown steadily over the long term with core indicators such as asset size, operating income, net profits, etc. According to the third quarterly report of 2020, the size of the merchant bank ' s assets was $8.2 trillion, located in the first place in the joint-stock bank, industry number 6, operating income in the first three quarters amounted to $2,21.43 billion, resulting in a net return to the mother of $76.6 billion, exceeding the performance of State-owned silver.
In the course of the year, as a result of the epidemic, the banking system has been under pressure and the company has maintained a robust income of $20,439 million, a 5.2 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of $69,62 million, a decline of 3.3 per cent in the same year, a 0.3 per cent increase in the q3 single season, an improvement in the marginal performance of one season.
Figure 3: Ranking of the size of net profit on bank revenue and return to a listed bank in 2020q3 (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Merchant bank revenue and net profit on return increase at the same rate 2 Focusing on client tiered strategies to build low-cost competitive advantages
Companies have a clear cost advantage at the end of their liabilities, thanks to the company’s long-term focus on client stratification strategies, forming a very benign base of customers. Companies have established a layered classification system for wholesale customers, forming strategic clients, institutional clients, small business clients, and colleagues.
Clients and offshore groups of five, and on that basis, take advantage of the product advantage of retailing for customer orientation and cross-sales. Public-private linkages, such as group cards, wholesale payments, and intra-people connections, such as wealth management, private banks, cyberbanks, reduce the cost of acquiring customers, and then use high-quality services such as sunflowers, private banks, and rich financial products.
The goods increase customer stickyness, meet client diversification needs, and enhance client loyalty, thereby attracting high sticky, high net retail value customer wealth allocation clearing account retention. Because of the solid base of customer breeding, the company’s own savings are stable at over 70% over the long term and in shares.
At the beginning of the line, the deposit rate was at the bottom of the industry for a long time, with only 1.61 per cent in the first half of 2020, compared with the five major banks, which, in terms of the structure of the deposit, held at more than 50 per cent of the deposit in the medium term, well above the average of 30 per cent in the industry, 24.2 per cent in the first half of 2020, and 59.1 per cent in the second half of 2020, both indicators remained stable in the stock system.
By comparison with the five major banks, the share of current deposits is higher than the five major banks, and the share of retail demand is slightly lower than that of agricultural banks. The cost advantage of corporate deposits is clear, thanks to a virtuous base of guests. 2020h1, the size of corporate interest-bearing liabilities continues to grow to $7.2 trillion, after five major banks, ranking sixth in the list of listed banks, with interest-bearing liabilities costing only 1.81% and only slightly.
Higher than agriculture, construction, engineering, and four state-owned banks, ranked fifth among the listed banks. The average cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities has increased slightly since 2016, but remains absolutely low compared to their counterparts, indicating a strong cost advantage at the end of the company’s liabilities.
The cost advantage of the liability has enabled the company to focus more on asset quality in its asset-end configuration strategy, with interest-bearing asset yields being relatively low in the industry, but with a net difference of much higher than the industry average. 2020h1, the rate of return on interest-earning assets is only 1 bp, with an average of 30 bp in the equity line, with significant profitability.
It has a certain impact, but based on a firm cost advantage, a firm ' s net profit margin advantage is expected to be maintained in the future in the face of the impact of reforms or the risks associated with economic fluctuations.3 Retail operations are highly sophisticated and drive high-quality growth in performance.
The company's large retail strategy, which began in 2004, was gradually refined, with retail operations growing rapidly after the company's “light banking” development strategy of “one wing” (retail as a whole, for both public and business) in 2010, which has remained stable at more than 50 per cent since then and has been the main driver of performance growth.
In response to the new crown epidemic, 2020h1, the profit ratio of corporate retail financial services decreased slightly, with pre-tax profits accounting for 53.91 per cent of pre-tax profits, a decrease of 5.93 percentage points in the same year; operating income accounted for 53.10 per cent of corporate operating income, a decrease of 1.38 percentage points in the same year, and retail financial operations of merchant banks showed a decline in the overall retail performance environment.
In the current industry context of insufficient effective demand for public credit and higher credit risk, the advantages of retailing have become more pronounced, with a relatively high rate of return, spread risk, low disadvantage and a higher share of retailing, which can effectively improve the profitability of banks and reduce credit risk.
Companies have a pre-emptive advantage in retailing, with a group of high-quality, sticky retail customers, and are still maintaining a robust growth in retailing by introducing high-quality customers to public and strategic clients. From 2016, the share of retail loans began to exceed that of the public sector, reaching 2020h1, with retail loans reaching 51.2% and staying at the top of the industry.
By 2020h1, the size of retail customers in companies had surpassed 150 million households, up 4.86 per cent from the end of the previous year, and the balance of total assets (aum) managed retail customers had increased by 8.3 trillion yuan, or 10.26 per cent from the end of the previous year.
The number of customers of gold sunflowers whose main clients are high-value clients (a retail customer with an average monthly asset of $500,000 and above), private bankers (a retail customer with an average daily asset of $10 million and above) and management of total assets (aum) have increased year after year.
The average household aum is much higher than the other banks, with a long-term stability of 80% of retail customers aum and private banks at around 30%. With its high-quality customer base and its own branding advantages in retail, companies are increasingly rich in middle business layouts.
In 2020h1, the share of non-interest income of companies reached 38.75%, an increase of 1.95bp in the same year. In recent years, under the direction of financial deleveraging and highly regulated policies, commercial banks have been subject to new regulations governing the size of their finances.
Revenue from fees and charges has also been subject to changes in related industrial policies, increased marketing pressures, and increased difficulties for commercial banks as a whole in receiving intermediate business. After a low growth in corporate non-interest income in 2017, the growth in corporate bank card transactions and the growth in the size of the hosting system and the continued optimization of business structures have restored the growth trend in inter-firm business income, which was achieved in January-September 2020.
Business revenue of $63.3 billion, an increase of 10.70 per cent over the same period, is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future net non-interest earnings of companies, while, on the one hand, firms accelerate up-link capacity and continue to drive customer growth and achieve retail payments settlements when retail net non-interest revenues are directly affected by the epidemic
Restorative growth and consolidation of the leading edge of retail wealth management; on the other hand, firms will accelerate the linear transformation of corporate products through the construction of a structured business model for wholesale customers, products and risk management, steadily achieving sustained growth in transactions such as tradable banks, investment banks and asset management.
4 A healthy asset structure that builds wind-controlled moats, sustained optimization of the portfolio of risk assets by companies, adherence to the "four-best" principles of high-quality industries, high-quality regions, high-quality projects and high-quality customers, and a stronger resistance in the context of increased pressure at the bottom of the economic cycle.
In terms of credit allocation, on the one hand, investment will be oriented towards strategic clients at the head office, branch and branch levels, actively pursuing innovative and innovative industries, modern services, advanced manufacturing, cultural industries, and high-quality credit resources in new markets: on the other hand, developing differentiated risk prevention in priority areas such as excess-capacity industries, real estate, local government financing platform operations, etc.
Control strategies, gradual reduction and exit of risk clients such as excess capacity, high indebtedness, sustained optimization of credit allocation, combined balance of risks, returns, and costs. According to the negative statistics of the past few years in various industries, the bulk of the poor rate of lending is concentrated in manufacturing, wholesale and zero.
Three sectors: sales and mining. Companies continue to optimize their credit allocation. Since 2015, the share of mining, manufacturing and wholesale loans has declined year by year, from a high of 11.8% in 2013 to 5.4% in manufacturing, wholesale and retail from 8.9% to 3.5%, and mining has also declined by more than 50%.
Figure 27: Changes in the rate of non-performing loans in manufacturing, wholesale and retail trade and mining (%) Retail lending is generally lower than public loans, companies continue to do good retailing, expand retail lending, steadily increase low-performing individual housing and credit card loans, while balancing risks and returns and improving risk management performance
At the same time, credit cards and micro-credits have increased in size, reaching 24.7 per cent and 13.5 per cent. Credit card loans have risen in response to the combination of the epidemic and the risk of co-indebtedness.
Optimization of the loan structure has had a significant impact on the quality of credit acquisition assets. By the end of 2019, corporate non-performing loans had a balance of $52,275 million, a decrease of $1,330 million compared to the end of the previous year; the non-performing loan rate was 1.16 per cent, a decrease of 0.20 points compared to the end of the previous year, resulting in a “double drop” in the balance of non-performing loans and a negative rate: the non-performing loan provision covered 426,778 per cent, compared with the end of the previous year.
This increase of 68.60 percentage points is higher in the industry. In 2020, owing to the impact of the new crown epidemic, the quantity of bank assets was generally hit. Companies insisted on a management strategy based on strict asset classification and full exposure to risk, with a significant increase in the provision of the solid base figure 31: the growth in the rate of non-performing loans and the availability of the provision coverage of banks by vendors (%)
Five technology enablers to continue the digital transformation, and the BP bank has a pioneering advantage in financial science and technology, promoting the digitalization of retail finance by 3.0. There are three major leaps on the way to the "Governor of Retail" and the 1.0 jump is to replace the "one-carton" with the "one-carton" to make the first connection to the network.
2.0 Replaces aum with a new model of innovative wealth management, with a “full-scale credit-free” company in 2018, pushing banks to leap from the “carat era” to the “app era” of 3.0.
On the basis of its quantitative advantages, the company has continued to invest more in information technology. In 2017, it began to invest more in financial science and technology, using the term “openness and integration” as a methodology.
On the basis of this input, 1% of the pre-tax profits of the previous year were approved and a fund for financial science, technology and innovation projects was set up. In 2018, the fund for financial science, technology and innovation projects was raised to 1% of the previous year’s operating income, and in 2019 to 1.5%, with no attention paid to short-term inputs. In order to implement the financial science and technology strategy, the campaign also amended the company’s charter to provide for annual investment in science and technology.
In the first half of 2020, the amount of information technology investment was 3,922 million yuan, an increase of 7.95 per cent, or 2.86 per cent of net operating income, and, by the end of June, the Bank had cumulatively declared 2,451 projects for financial science, technology and innovation, with a cumulative 1733 projects, of which 1,098 projects had been put on line to cover retail, wholesale, risk and technology.
The two main apps have built an app-wide financial biosphere called “core financial scenes + life scenes.” The hiring banks have concentrated their efforts on the two apps, “banks for business,” and “hand for life,” which are now the most used to connect users.
In addition, the app-month active user (mau) is used as an indicator for the Arctic Star to reshape the system of digitalization of retail gold. The company is committed to integrating mau and aum, first expanding outreach to reach clients, then developing customers, increasing retention rates, and providing customers with a full-scale one-stop shop for easy financial services, thereby realizing flow realization.
As of the end of June 2020, the total number of bankers applying for credit card digitizes was 62.48%, the total number of applicants applying for credit was 9,891.5 million, the total amount of funds invested was 78.41%, and the number of clients making financial investments accounted for 93.17% of the total.
For future corporate growth, we make the following assumptions:
The risk profile is low, business is dominated by strategic customers, loan interest rates are relatively stable over the long term, assuming that interest-bearing companies will be the backbone of retail banks in 2020, pioneers of business transformations, have clear cost, wind control, technological advantages, and are more resilient to the epidemic and the downward pressure of the economic cycle.
The economic cycle, the new crown epidemic, etc., continues or worsens the quality of the company’s assets, regulatory policies or tightening, interest rates or downwards guidance, etc. No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.