Quarterly review in 2025: overall performance is robust, brokering and market penetration continues to rise Events: company reports in 2025. Gross operating income +42 to 3.5 billion yuan, parent
Net profits ranged from +39 to 2.7 billion yuan, resulting in a parent net asset of 83.3 billion yuan, compared to +3 per cent in late 2024.  Fund sales: business trends are positive. +8 per cent of corporate operating income in the first quarter of 2025.
The impact of the factor, reflected in the decline in the ring value, but the increase in the same value indicates a gradual improvement in business trends. (Income on investment - joint venture investment + net gain on fair value changes, not included in total operating income) - 14 per cent to 700 million yuan and 24q4 to 27 per cent of the ring value, with investments.)
Cost side: Cost controls are strong. In the first quarter of 2025, the total cost of company operations was +0.2%, Eastern Wealth (300059): 2024 Annual Report.
We continue to look at Eastern wealth: one of the top platforms, such as the Eastern Wealth Network and the Sky Fund Network.
C-clients are sticky and demand diverse. 2i enabling finance: continuous deepening of the "ai+finance" Eastern Wealth (300059): 3-quarterly report 2024, strategic layout, a wave of artificial intelligence to open up for self-researched large "intellectual" models.
Appearance: Performance meets our expectations, looking at a q4 surplus, pushing financial intelligence up and making breakthroughs in cutting-edge technology such as multi-model derivatives and financial intelligence architecture. 3 Securities operations are based on their own flow advantages + low commission strategies + platforms
Efficiency continues to expand rapidly, and brokering and market penetration continues to rise steadily.4 Despite downward pressure on the cost of the Fund's sales chain by shifting to the third phase, corporate fund sales continue to have a pre-eminence and a strong leader.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: According to the company’s operations in the first quarter of 2025, we basically maintained and recreated the stock share of traditional securities operations with the financial ai advantage, and maintained a “buy-in” rating. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.