Eastern Wealth (300059). Performance increases faster, deepening the strategic layout of al+ Finance. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) Annual Report 2024.
Business income has grown steadily, and returns on investment and fair value changes have increased significantly as a result of a significant increase in business returns on fixed-income securities on a year-on-year basis, and the realization of investment returns and fair prices by companies The market value of the flows (millions of dollars):
During the reporting period, the company achieved net profits of 9.610 billion yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, corresponding to growth rates, continued growth of securities operations and provision of a full-scale wealth management service East wealth securities are closely tied to strategic requirements for the provision of a full-scale wealth management service to users.
To promote digitalization, further increase investment in information systems and build a comprehensive service capacity in order to strengthen the base of retail brokering, and to provide comprehensive services to retail, institutional and business clients.
Development, with significant growth in the scale of asset management; rapid growth in fixed-income business performance and a steady increase in market influence, while accelerating the development of portfolio research and the expansion of excellence.
The company continues to deepen the strategic layout of the “ai+finance” strategy, to strengthen the development of the “beautiful ideas” that are developed autonomously, and to produce a series of results in the technical fields of multi-model derivatives and financial intelligence construction.
In January 2024, the large financial model of the "Ideas" developed by the company itself was officially launched.
In June, the Great Financial Model of Eastern Wealth, working together with School Data, spearheaded the launch of the next smart financial terminal, 2024.03.20, a smart solution covering seven scenes; and East Money, November 2024.
A big financial model of “beautiful thinking” is designed for industry to launch a “beautiful thinking assistant”, applying the depth of the model to the various components of financial research, using front-line technology to effectively empower financial data retrieval, information acquisition, market analysis, professional creation, etc.
The company is a relatively scarce Internet service platform in the country, accompanied by healthy development of China’s capital markets.
The risk of industry and business being affected by the volatility of capital markets: Internet information transmission and trading systems Safe operation risks: the risk of increased industry competition: macroeconomic and industrial policy risks:
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts