The Great Financial Model builds ecological isolation, Eastern wealth leads the management of wealth, and rationality transforms a dynamic study of Eastern wealth (300059.sz) companies.
Aai+financial strategy deepening drives long-term growth, with revenues in 2024 from the baoyc@cfsc.com.cn net gains rising to an all-time high
In 2024, Eastern wealth recovered 11,604 million yuan, representing an increase of 4.72 per cent in the same year, net profit to mothers of $9.61 billion, an increase of 17.29 per cent in the same year, and net profits to q4 single seasons.
The Internet wealth management biosphere, which gathers large amounts of user resources and the strength of user stickivity, has always been a leader in vertical finance, laying a solid foundation for companies to further expand their business areas and improve the service chain. Eastern wealth 2024
The value of equity-based transactions is 24.24 trillion yuan, the market share of brokering activities continues to rise, credit operations are developing robustly and asset management has grown significantly; fixed returns. Business performance has grown rapidly and market influence has risen steadily.
The Great Thought model builds vertical barriers, the data model drives twice, and commercializes the Great Thinking model as the country's first financial propriety to file via web-mail.
Large models, with strong data base, business background, technical strength and arithmetic advantages, have a deep understanding and handling of financial operations, and have really been able to understand business, reason, and reflect. By December 2024, wonderful ideas had been covered.
200 million plus information, 400 million plus macro data, 600 million plus industry data, 1 billion plus business data, 10 billion plus market data, and 10 billion plus stock bar, wealth code, which covers thousands of data items, creating the most current domestic product.
Financial databases of the highest quality, full-scale, flexible combination of large, small-model groups of billions to billions of parameters at the base model level, oriented towards application sites, selection of the best models, full-chain intelligence from input analysis to transactional decision-making
Large models have been integrated deep into the smart financial terminal -- the smart thinking assistant -- to help the introspectors complete the paradigm shift from "do multiple tools" to "give one assistant." On March 21, 2025, Eastern wealth was announced as a great model of thinking.
The core advantage of the company over other coupons is that it relies on strong R & D technology.
The creation of an Internet wealth management ecological circle, centred on the Eastern Wealth Network, which brings together large amounts of user resources and user stickyness, provides a solid foundation for companies to continue their healthy development. At the same time, companies manage the ecosystem by using Internet wealth.
One-stop Internet wealth management services such as financial information, securities, funds, futures, social services, etc. for large-scale users, able to meet the different needs of investors on a one-stop-shop basis, creating the advantages of a company's unique business landscape and continuously developing its structure for the company.
In a wave of development, the company, as a financial technology firm, has been working on technology-enabling finance, closely following technological advances in the industry, seizing opportunities for the development of the artificial intelligence age, and promoting research in the area of financial intelligence.
In addition, companies will continue to deepen the strategic layout of the “ai+finance” and strengthen the “beautiful” fund for autonomous research and development.
In the future, firms will continuously increase their R&D inputs, enhance long-term competitiveness, and further consolidate and upgrade core competitive advantages.
Macroeconomic fluctuations, increased competition in the software industry, less-than-expected expansion of customers, and uncertainty about the contribution of their ai applications to performance.
The fields of excellence include cloud computing, cyber security, artificial intelligence, Xie Menzin: Master of Arts, London School of Political Economy, joined Chinese securities in 2023, reflecting my research views. I did not, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't do it.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the relevant index of market representation of the stock or industry index in relation to the main indicators of the relevant securities market was described as:a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on:
A three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer) is the basis: Hong Kong market is based on the Hensen index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.