In the period under review, the company achieved total operating income.
The benefits of the boom in the capital market have been higher for both company brokers and banks; in 2024, the net revenue from commission fees and interest income was $6.113 million and $2.381 billion, respectively, respectively.
At the end of the reporting period, the size of the Fund's non-monetary, equity and equity funds stood at 61,613,622,327.6 billion yuan.
The same ratio is +11.24%, 5.09%. The size of the daily fund is second only to the ant fund in third-party sales agencies.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Corporate marketing costs, management of companies during the reporting period
The company continues to deepen the strategic layout of the “ai+finance” by strengthening its research and development efforts at a cost of between +573% and +1.143 billion yuan. In November 2024, the “Ideas” financial model was launched as an industry-oriented launch of the “Good Three Quarterly Review of Eastern Wealth 2024:
I'd like to be a research assistant to apply the depth of the model to the various components of financial research.
Looking forward to continued upward movement; while the company is increasing its investment, the "ai+finance" will be able to operate at the same time as the "ai+finance" will.
The value of policy landings is coming to light, and technology is empowering the Pacific Securities Company, Inc., at 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, on the 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make an investment decision on their own.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.