The three main lines of production are growing rapidly, and the market for many new items is showing a bright future.
Incidents: On the evening of 27 April 2023, the company issued its annual report for 2022: annual net profit returns to mothers amounted to $1,505 million, an increase of 12.41 per cent over the year; deductions of non-net profits amounted to $1,521 million, an increase of 16.48 per cent over the same period; net operating cash flows amounted to $5.400 billion, an increase of 86.09 per cent over the same year;
On the same day, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2023: operating income was achieved in the first quarter.
In 2022, the company comprehensively strengthened the combination of product research and development innovations, domestic and international marketing expansion and local Murray Medical Services (300760).
Report: Chemical luminous lead vd plate high-speed current operating income of $30.366 billion, an increase of 20.17 per cent over the same period.
-2022/10/27 Break-through by high-end clients overseas, rapid growth of vital information and support operations, Murray Medical (300760).
Report: The decline in the three production lines driven by the heavy weight of new products has had a negative impact on the roll-out of hard mirror procurement activities, but the growth of micro-surgery operations throughout the year and the continued expansion of new medical infrastructure
High-speed growth of more than 60 per cent was achieved, with hard mirror systems growing by more than 90 per cent.
The market space to be released by the new health infrastructure is more than $24.5 billion, and it is expected that over the next two years the business will report a steady increase in performance throughout the year, with significant contributions from the growth of the domestic health line.
New Capital Accelerator Market Expansion (2) In vitro diagnostic operations: consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents at regular door emergencies - 2022/04/20
With the negative impact of the decline in the number of medical examinations and surgeries, the company continued to achieve a rapid increase in in vitro diagnostic operations of $10.256 billion, with 21.39 per cent of the total, by increasing the number of equipment and water lines installed and accelerating the penetration of large sample customers abroad.
Light growth of nearly 30 per cent; the bc-7500 series of domestic loadings nearly 2,000, further entrenching the company's first industry position in the blood cell market: the third-party chain laboratories abroad have broken out in bulk by almost 70 and the international in vitro diagnostics business has grown by more than 35 per cent.
(3) Medical video business: the rapid upswing of the new high-end ultrasound series and the new medium- and high-end ultrasound series has led to a full upgrade of the level of clients, both within and outside the country, and the medical video business has achieved operating income of $6,644 million, an increase of 19.14 per cent over the year; ultrasound has grown more than ever.
Twenty percent. The proportion of ultrasound income in level II and III hospitals has increased year after year, with high-end ultrasound accounting for more than half of the country ' s ultrasound income, and a small percentage of interest-bearing lending projects in the last four quarters have also had some pull effect on ultrasound procurement.
Regionally: (1) The new infrastructure of the country ' s health sector has continued to materialize: with the introduction of the new health infrastructure and the peak procurement period, as well as the gradual recovery of regular operations, the growth of the domestic market has become more certain, with revenues of 18,667 million yuan being generated throughout the year, an increase of 22.33 per cent over the previous year.
(2) High-end breakthroughs in international platform-building: benefits from marketing logistics in overseas markets Rapid capacity-building for local platforming, such as supply, manufacturing, clinical support, and int services, representing an in vitro diagnosis, significantly accelerated breakthroughs, generating business revenues in international markets throughout the year
116.98 billion yuan, or 16.86 per cent more than 30 per cent more than the previous year, after deducting anti-epidemic products. The volume of custody line purchases increased significantly in the first quarter. Other conventional products are expected to rebound in the next quarter of 2023.
20.47%. From December last year until February, the construction of the icu ward in the domestic market was significantly accelerated, with a significant increase in emergency purchases of equipment for serious conditions, such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc., while the procurement of other conventional products slowed down during the period.
In the first quarter, the demand of the field, where companies have stagnated their production capacity significantly over such products, has led to high growth in life information and support operations and domestic markets during the reporting period, but at the same time it has inevitably had an impact on the production capacity of other non-critical products and international markets.
Since February of this year, with the gradual resumption of routine clinical activities in domestic hospitals, other conventional operations, such as in vitro diagnostic reagent consumption and ultrasound procurement, have begun to show a gradual recovery, and non-heavy products and international market performance have returned since mid-February.
In normal terms, the company expects that the in vitro diagnostic and medical video business and the next performance of the overseas market will rebound this year. Cost indicators have remained stable over the period, with a slight increase in profitability during the quarter.
In vitro diagnostic operations are expected to be mainly due to the same decline in Māori rates due to changes in product structure, combined Māori rates, sales costs, management costs, R & D rapid growth in the fourth quarter of 2022, and market performance of multiple new products.
Profit projection and investment rating: based on a core business section analysis, we expect the Academy to be located at the 9th North Fair North Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.