Murray Medical (300760.sz) performed robustly, with innovative R & D and marketing integration helping outpace high-end overseas clients, with 20 per cent growth in income and net return in 2022 and robust growth in performance.
Millions (+22.14 per cent) of the country ' s emergency purchases of equipment needed for the construction of the incu wards in connection with serious illnesses such as the monitor, the respirator, etc., have increased significantly, and companies have shifted their production capacity significantly to the products in question, returning to normal in mid-February with the resumption of regular medical activities in the country and the production of non-heavy products and international markets.
In vitro diagnosis began mass breakthroughs at high-end labs overseas, with production lines moving forward with technology of 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices.
30%, the blood cell bc-7500 series is close to 2,000, further consolidating the company’s first industry position in the blood cell market. The company’s share in the procurement of in vitro diagnostic reagents in several provinces, cities, or unions has risen rapidly.
Over 60% of the high-speed growth of the Section ' s operations (the hard mirror system grew by more than 90%) and the revenue from the new medical infrastructure continued to grow significantly over the same period. The Medical Images Service reached $6,464 million (+19.14%), with ultrasound products growing by more than 20%, benefiting from the new high-end ultrasoundr series and the full-new medium- and high-end superb.
The audio series has brought about a full-scale upgrading of clients, both within and outside the country, and the international ultrasound operation will fully begin the journey from mid- and low-end to high-end clients.
M.M.M. (300.76.sz) – Mid-2022: The ratio of net operating cash flows to net profits of the Medium-Term Income and Net Gains Division to net profits of the parent has risen to 126%, maintaining good health.
“Mary Medical – 300760-2021: a steady growth in performance, mechanical dragon investment proposal: the company benefits domestically from the new infrastructure of medical care and product upgrades, and is expanding simultaneously in high-end hospitals overseas.
The half-yearly review of Méri Medical — 300760-2021: Post-epidemiology era, a steady growth of equipment, rapid release of seed operations such as micro-inventive surgery, aed, and the gradual realization of scale effects and strong research and development and marketing capabilities of companies as leaders of domestically produced medical devices, and significant results in internationalization.
It will gradually grow into a global medical flagship and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Growth is expected to be robust. $8.364 billion (+20.5 per cent) in the first quarter of 2023, net return to the mother of $2571 million (+22.1 per cent), significant acceleration in the construction of the incu wards in the country, monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
Emergency purchases of equipment needed for serious problems have increased significantly, and companies have shifted their capacity significantly to products, but at the same time they have had some impact on the production of other non-serious products and on international markets, which have returned to normal in mid-February with the resumption of routine medical activities in the country.
Disaggregated production lines: Income from life information and support lines, in vitro diagnostic lines and medical images in 2022 was 44.1 per cent, 33.8 per cent and 21.3 per cent, respectively, except for a slight decline in the rate of non-in vitro diagnosis of Maori, which resulted in more than 300 all-new high-end clients breaking overseas and more than 450 already high-end clients achieving more output.
Micro-surgery has achieved a high rate of growth of over 60% throughout the year, with hard mirror systems growing by more than 90%. Revenue from new health infrastructure contributions has increased significantly over the same year, with more than $24.5 billion in market space to be released from new medical infrastructure in the country, and is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of the line over the next two years.
The in vitro diagnostics industry is still growing rapidly, with waterlines installed, as well as accelerated penetration of large samples from overseas. Chemical light is growing by nearly 30%, blood cell bc-7500 series installed by nearly 2,000 units, further stifling the company’s first industry position in the bloodball market. The company has made a breakthrough abroad, reaching nearly 300 new high-end customers, and
More than 120 high-end clients have made a horizontal breakthrough in more products. The company ' s chemical lighting operation in Angé Province, facilitated by the chemical luminous agent collection, has grown by more than 85%, reagent revenues have increased by more than $100 million, and has succeeded in breaking down 35 empty level III hospitals, which are owned by the company in Anghui ' s market.
The company's equipment and water lines were fully integrated into the 29 top hospitals in Nanking, 60% of which were empty. The Jiangxi Bureau led a collection of biochemical and hepatochemical reagents in 23 provinces, which measured local market ownership before and after.
The medical video business has generated $6.464 billion, an increase of 19.14 per cent. The company's ultrasound product has grown by more than 20 per cent, thanks to the rapid upswing of the new high-end ultrasoundr series and the new medium-high-end ultrasoundi series, which have led to a full upscaling of its customers at both the internal and external levels, and the company's acceleration of its peaks in the traditional ultrasound and emerging clinical sections of the university.
At the end of the day, hospitals at levels II and III have increased their share of the country’s ultrasound income, and high-end ultrasound accounts for more than half of the country’s ultrasound. International ultrasound will fully open the way from low- and medium-end to high-end customers; in addition, the international medium- and small-scale video centre is still recovering, with a stronger demand for medium- and low-end ultrasounds.
It's working. More than 80 new high-end customers have broken through overseas, and more than 80 high-end clients have made horizontal breakthroughs in more products.
The total number of single hospitals has been 389, of which more than 200 were added in 2022, with rapid growth. 130 have been installed each year. The “Swig +” project has covered 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, bringing the total to more than 5,200 units and 2,700 new ones in 2022.
Figure 6: In vitro diagnostic operations income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 7: Medical image operations (in billions, per cent) Figure 8: Three broad categories of operations Māori ratio
The advancement of diagnostic operations overseas has been remarkable, accelerating penetration into large sample clients overseas, breaking through nearly 70 third-party serial laboratories, opening an in vitro diagnostic service in the year of mass break-out of high-end overseas high-end labs, and in 2022 the growth of international in vitro diagnostics in excess of 35 per cent.
Keeping high-intensity R & D investment in keeping domestic marketing and international marketing systems deeply integrated. In 2022, it broke. The Wuhan Institute project is well under way, with the construction of the company's second largest R & D centre, opening a new path to autonomous innovation and development. At the marketing level, the company has become fully integrated and efficient.
The offer system, the cost management evaluation system and the distributor's ownership of the single system and the overall optimization of business management systems and the restoration of a successful, unique competitive combination of domestic marketing, “cutting, eating, tied up” to international marketing and the creation of a multi-dimensional marketing team.
The net operating cash flow of the company was $12.14 billion, an increase of $23.186 billion in cash on hand at the end of the year. Investment proposals: a slight reduction in profit forecasts and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Companies have benefited domestically from new infrastructure and product rotations in medical care, and have accelerated the expansion of high-end hospitals overseas in parallel. The growth of in vitro diagnostics, the robust growth of life information and support operations and medical imagery, the high-speed deployment of seed operations such as microsurgery, aed, and the gradual realization of scale effects and higher-end product ratios have contributed to profitability.
The process is accelerating and will gradually be transformed into a global medical flagship, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author