Silver World Wide Market Quissage Investment Company Update Méri Medical (300,760ch) with robust performance, emerging markets leading to development beyond the territorial sea
Epidemic inhibits the demand for conventional in vitro diagnostic reagents, the share of reagent income falls, and the Māori rate of the in vitro diagnostic plate drops 311.90 yuan Chinese medicine
During the first quarter of the year, the company maintained a steady growth rate of $8.36 billion in operating income, an increase of 20.5 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net profit of $2.57 billion, an increase of 22.1 per cent over the same period, increased the Māori rate to 66.4 per cent (+1.3ppt).
They believe that this has largely benefited from a significant increase in the demand for icu-related equipment caused by the epidemic in the country during the past quarter. The three core business lines have grown steadily, and their leadership has continued to grow. (1) Life information and support: thanks to continued advances in new domestic medical infrastructure and high-end breakthroughs in overseas markets, revenues in 2022 were equal to those in 2022.
Wang Yunjung grew by 20.2 per cent in 2023, and financial support for the new health infrastructure remained high, and the Ministry of Finance had issued early subsidies to support the comprehensive reform of public hospitals and capacity-building of health-care institutions.
12 billion yuan and plans to support the improvement of health services capacity through grants and carry-over funds totalling 200 billion yuan. (2) In vitro diagnosis: bright-eye performance with multiple heavy-pound instruments, 22-year-old average circulation in March (million yuan)
A rapid increase of 21.4 per cent in revenue was achieved, with chemical light increasing by nearly 30 per cent. The plate Maori rate fell to 60.4 per cent (-2.1ppt) due to the negative impact of the reagent operation. As the hospital resumed operations, the consumption of conventional reagents gradually recovered, and companies expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with the company ' s in vitro diagnostic operations growing at the same time.
We believe that 23 years of an in vitro diagnostic reagent is still more likely to be collected, which will help the company accelerate high-end penetration and expand the city's presence.
Over 22 years, firms’ high-end overseas markets have continued to break out, with companies growing 16.9% over the year, with North America and Latin America growing rapidly and rapidly.
With 31.4 per cent and 33.7 per cent, respectively, European markets have been affected by macro-environmental impacts, and incomes have declined. We believe that corporate products have a more value-for-money advantage than international brands, so that firms' business performance in emerging markets is expected to continue to grow rapidly, becoming one of the main drivers of growth in their overseas performance.
Seed business has grown well. In 22 years, more than 60% of surgical operations have grown, with the hard mirror system increasing by more than 90%. We expect that with the launch of the ultrasound knife system in late 22 and 23 years of the new generation of 4k fluorescent rigid mirrors, the company ' s micro-surgery product layout will be improved, and the microsurgery business will maintain a high rate of growth.
First, to provide new dynamic energy for corporate growth. Profit growth will continue to be steady at 20% annual compound, based on a nine-year dcf model, giving Figure 3: Sensitivity analysis
Figure 4: Silver International and Market Forecasts