Focus on business, steady progress, Murray Medical, 2022 and a review of the first quarter of 2023, April 28, 2023.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 2,571 million yuan, an increase of 22.14 per cent over the same period in the previous year, as can be seen from a steady growth in corporate revenue and a steady increase in business growth.
Overall, the growth rate of the company’s revenue and profit ends is relatively similar, with better control over the period, with a net interest rate of 31.65 per cent on sales in 2022, which is roughly the same as in previous years. In addition, in 2022, the net operating cash flow of the company was $12.14 billion, an increase of 34.9 per cent.
Good sales and better quality of business, thanks mainly to the start-up of new domestic medical infrastructure and the break-up of high-end customers abroad, life information and support operations increased significantly in 2022. Meanwhile, micro-inventive surgery for company seed business was achieved.
While the consumption of in vitro diagnostic reagents in the country is affected by the number of routine door emergencies, the number of medical examinations, the decline in the number of surgeries, etc., the company has been able to achieve a rapid increase in in vitro diagnostic operations by increasing the loading of instruments and waterlines, as well as accelerating the penetration of large samples from overseas customers. At the same time, the consumption of conventional reagents abroad has been completed.
Full recovery, with a successful mass breakthrough in the in vitro diagnostic operations of the third-party chain of laboratories abroad, the international in vitro was 19.14% more than the same year, with ultrasound growing by more than 20%. This was largely due to the rapid upswing of the company ' s new high-end ultrasoundr series and its new medium-to-high-end ultrasoundi series, which led to the company ' s presence at home and abroad.
Companies insist on innovation and technological excellence. In 2022, companies invested 3,191 million yuan in research and development, collecting more than 10 per cent of their revenues, producing more and more products, and technologically continuous, especially high-end products.
Breaking through. In life information and support operations, in vitro diagnostics, and medical imaging, companies have explored bottom-level technological innovations to create multiple ecosystems with open, growing, intelligent features, and to create new blasts by integrating innovations.
Companies have made breakthroughs with high-end clients overseas. With quality and improved services, the public department has acquired a large number of orders, supervised, tested, ultrasound products and integrated solutions into more high-end hospitals, group hospitals and large chain laboratories, accelerating access to national public markets and high-end laboratories.
In 2022, the company was able to break through more than 300 new high-end clients in the field of life information and support and in vitro diagnosis, and more than 80 new high-end clients in the field of medical imagery. In all areas of business, the company also achieved horizontal breakthroughs with high-end clients and expanded output.
In addition, in the area of in vitro diagnostics, in 2022, the company broke through nearly 70 third-party chain laboratories, making 2022 the year of mass breakthroughs in the in vitro diagnostic operations of high-end chain laboratories overseas. In the future, Murray is expected to continue on the international market through value for value and quality advantages.
Investment proposals: the company is the leader of a domestic medical device, with both innovation and brand power, with product risk, business risk management, product research and development risk, sales of new products less than expected, etc. “positive” investors are suitable only for research with a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk” and “radical” investors are suitable for use by our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.