Merri Medical (300760) Multi-factor driven rapid growth in performance, new capital provision increase 27/04/04
Continuing rapid growth, three core business-driven performance Achievement of business income in diagnostic categories of $10,255,674 million, an increase of 21.39 per cent over the same period; Māori ratio
60.35%, or 2.16 percentage points less than the previous year. Medical imaging has achieved a percentage of operating income. Benefited from the continued progress of our new medical infrastructure, the build-up of corporate clients abroad, the drive for rapid growth of company life information and support operations and medical imagery: in vitro diagnostics.
On the other hand, the company’s domestic loading capacity is increasing, the demand for reagents abroad is recovering, and the in vitro diagnostic business is now growing rapidly. Overall, the company’s three core businesses continue to grow over the years.
Corporate performance has been driven by rapid growth, and the offshore market client base has continued to break through, increasing market penetration 2022 and generating business income of $11,699,832.89 million for the company’s overseas operations throughout the year, a year-on-year increase.
Murray Medical (300,760) 2022 Quarterly Review: Country 16.86%. Corporate operations abroad are growing rapidly, mainly within the top client groups of the three major industries, and overseas, with performance in line with expectations.
Ongoing development. In life information and support operations, Colombia, Europe, the United Arab Emirates, Mali Méri Medical Care (300,760) 2022 was evaluated: three major Western Asians and more than 300 new high-end clients; more than 450 of the high-end clients already have.
In vitro diagnostic collars, close to 300 new high-end customers were acquired; of the high-end clients already in existence, more than 120 high-end clients, such as Italy, Romania and West Africa, were reached.
The product breaks horizontally; in terms of loading capacity, the company’s third-party laboratories abroad continue to break down and fast-load multiple customers overseas.
In the context of our new medical infrastructure, which continues to provide market space, our market for medical equipment is expanding at an accelerated pace, and the revenue from the new medical infrastructure of the Department of Public Health has increased significantly over the same period.
With more than 24.5 billion market space remaining to be released, the company’s performance will continue to be supported in the short term. On the whole, the country’s new health infrastructure policy is frequent, market-related demand is expected to continue the market, and in the context of the country’s autonomous control of medical devices and the continued acceleration of national production substitution, the country’s health-care infrastructure will continue to grow.
The manufacturing apparatus is expected to continue to benefit from higher value for money, the company as the leading manufacturer of domestic appliances, the market penetration rate is expected to continue to rise, increasing company performance, the equipment market is growing steadily over the long term, the country’s new foundation for medical care continues to grow, and Murray’s health as our country.
China-China Securities and Medicine Team: Over the years of sedimentation, a better system of research and analysis has been put in place, with a wide range of coverage, unique opinions, and many differences, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. This report has been prepared by China-China Securities Corporation (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended for dispatch or for any dispatch, release,
The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced without prior written authorization from the Chinese security, or in any way transmitted or reproduced without prior authorization.