Line lines are growing steadily and high-end clients continue to break through Investment ratings: buying (maintaining) companies issue annual reports 2022 and first quarter reports 2023.
30,366 million yuan, an increase of 20.17 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 9,607 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 2,571 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 22.14 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 2,529 million yuan in the non-mortality of the same year, and a steady growth in the new foundation-based health-care-led life information support business.
Corporate prices compared to the 300-degree trend 13.401 billion won in 2022 (yoy+15%) in corporate life information and support operations, of which micro-surgery continued to grow at a high rate throughout the year, with hard mirror systems
The market space to be released from new domestic medical infrastructure is more than $24.5 billion to support the company ' s future, and the company ' s life information and production line support products have become fully world-class competitive and have accelerated its penetration of high-end customers in overseas markets, surpassing their 2022 breakthroughs.
Three hundred new high-end clients, and more than 450 already high-end clients, have made a horizontal breakthrough in more products. It is expected that, as the impact of the high base of epidemiological products eases, conventional overseas products such as aed, anesthetic machines, lightbeds will return to high-growth levels, life information and life information in overseas markets.
*Vd high-end customers overseas continue to break through, the ratio of hospitals at level III in the country continues to rise, chemical luminous materials are expected to be quickly resolved through sea peptide.
In 2022, the company received $10.256 billion (yoy+21.39%) in vitro diagnostics, which grew by more than 35% a year in the central overseas market. For high-end clients, in 2022, the company broke through nearly 300 new high-end clients, and more than 120 already have high-end clients.
More products have made horizontal breakthroughs, including nearly 70 third-party labs, opening up the year of mass breakthroughs in offshore high-end laboratory chains. In the future, with companies marketing overseas markets, logistics supply, production manufacturing, clinical support, etc.
In addition, the company actively participated in the domestic ivd collection, which enabled the company to achieve its expected performance of 1.22q3 with a platform and a high end.
The rapid admission of regional space level III hospitals, such as the chemical luminous collection in Anhui Province, the biochemical and liver reagent collection in Jiangxi Province, and the condenser reagent collection in Anhui Province.
The share of in vitro and in vitro diagnostic income has more than doubled in the last four years, and the company's highly competitive blood cell industry, with its top product, bc-7500 series, nearly 2,000 units, has further consolidated the company's blood cell market.
In the area of biochemicals, the company’s leading agency, the Jiangxi Health Insurance Agency, has led 23 provinces with an increase in biochemical reagents collection, the company’s pre- and post-market ownership of the local market. In the future, the company’s biochemical business has grown in combination with the company’s high-end biochemicals bs-2800 m.
In the field of chemical lighting, the company is also the leading company in the domestic market. In 2021, the company acquired the world-renowned ivd raw materials company Hytest, which has achieved the autonomous control of core technologies in the ivd raw materials field. In the future, the company will increase the research and development and operation of sea python organisms.
In addition to increasing the number of sales and operations managers globally, there will be a significant increase in the size of its research and development team and research and development sites to ensure that new products developed over the next five years meet the demand for raw materials in the company's chemical luminous operations to complement the company's differences in chemical luminous raw materials.
• Image plate, with a rising share of medium- and high-end ultrasound revenues, which in 2022 generated $6,644 million (yoy+19.14 per cent) in operating company medical imagery, with an ultrasound growth of more than 20 per cent, mainly as a result of a new high-end ultrasound
The rapid upswing of high-end customers, both in and out of the country, from the r series and the new medium-to-high-end ultrasound series, in the domestic market, accelerated high-end breakthroughs, level II and III hospitals through continuous technological high-end and applied clinicalization of ultrasound products, companies in the traditional ultrasound and emerging clinical units of the courtyard.
The share of domestic ultrasound income has increased year after year, and the share of high-end ultrasound in domestic ultrasound income has surpassed that of the international market, benefiting from the new medium-high-end desktop ultrasound series (Zst+ field light platform based on hologram data and mounted a hardware architecture for processing arc at a very high speed) and from the new multi-high-end Poc ultrasound series.
In addition, the International Center for Medium-Sized and Small-Small Images is still recovering, with a stronger demand for medium- and low-end ultrasound, which should be 32 times the price of the previous shares, 27 times the price, 22 times the price. The company is the dragon head of our medical equipment.
Enterprises, integrated corporate operations and profitability, maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. Contact person: Li Xuan, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research on medical devices and the ivd industry. Using information on legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information from the market, and I am personally responsible for these.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.