Mary Medical 2022 and 2023 I Quarterly Review: 28/04/04. 2023 Continuous release of the new building for treatment and steady recovery of regular operations
▪ Events: The company achieved revenue of $30.370 billion in 2022 (+20.2 per cent, corresponding to the same figure); net return to the mother (+20.5 per cent), net profit to the mother of $2.57 billion (+22.1 per cent), cost of elimination of shares as compared with growth; steady and rapid growth in the three major plates, with continued rapid growth in chemical light: benefits from domestic medical care
New capital development and the breakthrough of high-end customers overseas, the 22-year income growth of the life information support plate, the $6.46 billion (+19.1%) in the learning video plate, with ultrasound rising by more than 20%. q1icu orders have grown dramatically, vd, video, etc., are expected to rebound at q2: q1icu orders are large
The construction of the icu ward has increased significantly, and the need for emergency procurement of equipment for critical conditions, such as monitors, has increased rapidly, leading to the rapid growth of the life information support plate. Since February, in-country consultations have been gradually resumed and, in the same period, the company's previous focus has been on returning to the performance of the guardianship plate, and we expect the ivd, video, etc.
In addition, 23q1 has invested $938 million in research and development: performance against expectations, New Base.
(+26.3%) In high-end areas, new products are being introduced, in life information and support, in which companies continue to benefit from the construction wave, and in three core industries, new products such as ultrasound high-frequency integrated surgical equipment. In in vitro diagnostics, full automatic microscopics are being introduced.
New products, such as the Forensic Drug Sensitivity Analyzer af-600, continue to be innovative.  New infrastructure in the country continues, and overseas clients continue to achieve high-end breakthroughs: in 2022, new domestic medical infrastructure entered a peak procurement phase, leaving more than $24.5 billion in market space to be released.
High-end hospitals overseas are expected to make a significant contribution to the growth of the line over the next two years.
The third-party chain lab, which opened the year of mass breakthroughs in the company's vd high-end lab, created a long-term growth space overseas.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profit from 2023-2024 at $11.714 billion.