Cobalt and Cobalt resource giants, world-class project construction enablers double the capacity of non-ferrous metals, which are the world’s leading producers of new energy sources and rare metals. Companies are the world’s leading producers of tungsten, and rare metals.
Cobalt, zirconium, molybdenum and important copper producers are also Brazil’s leading producers of phosphorus, with the company’s primary metals trading operations ranking among the top three in the world. The company retains 32.41 million tons of copper, the second largest in the country, with 233,000 tons of copper minerals in 2021 and the second largest in a listed company;
The company retains 5.55 million tons of cobalt, 18.5 million tons of cobalt in 2021, just after Gorgeous, with the company owning the world’s top copper and cobalt mineral resources, and two world-class project construction aids making new crossings. At the bottom of the industry, the company successfully acquired world-class mines, with two major Congolese tfm and kfm.
52 weeks of maximum/minimum copper cobalt ore, the world ' s top class, tfm copper or cobalt ore is one of the largest and highest-grade deposits in the world, and mining costs are highly competitive; the adjacent kfm copper or cobalt ore
The year 2022 will be the year of company-building, which will accelerate the construction of two world-class projects, the tfm-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m.
Key metals, clean energy generation, and the boom in the new energy automobile industry have boosted copper and cobalt demand, and insufficient capital spending in the long term has led to a relatively orderly release of global mineral production and long-term good supply and demand patterns in the industry. In addition to the new energy conversion of metals, companies also have a combination of precious metals such as molybdenum, tungsten, strontium, phosphorus and gold.
And the diversity of resources is a leading industry, closely linked to energy transformation and industrial upgrading, and the involvement of phosphorus in agricultural applications increases the performance of the phosphorus industry.
Investment Recommendations: Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Tri-quarter review of the Luoyang industry - 603993 - 2021: 2103 profit keeping steady. Mid-year review of the Luoyang industry - 603993 - 2021: record performance in the first half of the year, copper.
United States dollars/tonnes, Cobalt at 400,000 yuan/t, Ammonium phosphate in Brazil at $800/t, prognosis. Luoyang molybdenum - 603993-2020 Annual Report: significant internal efficiency gains, Luoyang molybdenum - 603993-2020 3rd Quarterly Report Rating: 2003 net profit on a year-on-year basis
The increase is significant, with globalization, multi-species layouts showing good resilience to risk - traders with the world's top copper and cobalt mines, and the construction and commissioning of two world-class projects allowing companies to cross new paths, reaping full benefits from the high-winding cycles of the new energy metal industry and the phosphorous fertilizer industry.
The industry-trading model helps the company grow robustly, and we believe that the company was reasonably valued in 2022 as the world's leading producer of tungsten, cobalt, zirconium, molybdenum and important.
The copper producer, also the Brazilian leader, started with the history of the gluten mine, diversified the global resources of the world, first phosphorus producer, and then the public.
In 1969, the company's predecessor, the former Metallurgical Department, established a 50-ton/day small-scale scavenging plant in Saituan County, Loyang Province, Henan Province.
In 1999, the company was merged with Luoyang Xiaochuan and Sakakawa County Metallurgical Chemical. In 2004 and 2014, the company underwent two mixed ownership reforms, the first shareholder was listed on the Hong Kong joint exchange in April of that year, with stock code 3993.hk; and in October 2012 it traded securities in Shanghai.
According to the update of the development model, the course of the company’s development to date can be divided into three phases. 1999-2012: solid development of the mineral business in the country.
2013-2017: Uncyclical expansion of the market for offshore mineral resources. In 2013, $820 million was spent on the purchase of 80% of Australia ' s North Parks copper gold mine rights, especially in the five-year-old bottom of the bear market after 2015 and in 2016, $1.5 billion in the purchase of the Anglo-American resources of Brazilian phosphorus plates, 2016 and 2017
Each year, 80% of the mineral rights of the copper cobalt mine were acquired with a total of $3.786 billion, making it true 2018 to date: a “mine + trade” development model was established. In 2018, $518 million was spent on the purchase of a framework agreement with the Bump era 100% of the ixm, and in the Bump era, 25% of the kfm holdings were obtained with $137.5 million.
Since it was listed, companies have been actively exploring high-quality global mineral resources, intensifying domestic operations, selecting high-quality targets from abroad, and deploying, through acquisitions and investments, such business plates as copper, copper, cobalt, phosphorus, nickel, cobalt, and trade. Companies have worked to become “respected, modern, world-class resource companies” and have defined “mines plus”.
The development model of “Trade” sets out three-step development goals that lay the foundation, step up, and leapfrog. Figure 2: Corporate development goals through organizational upgrading and the establishment of a global regulatory model, building systems
All right, improve the mechanisms to attract mining elites, speed up the construction and delivery of two world-class projects: the tfm mixed mine, and the kfm. The team is building a world-class project with increased capacity.
The size of the enterprise and the level of cash flow have reached new heights, the talent team and the project reserve have met new requirements, and greater development has been pursued around the focus areas and the diversity of priorities to achieve the vision.
The company is mainly involved in mining and processing of basic and rare metals, such as copper, cobalt, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten, gold and other minerals. The company ' s mining and processing operations currently have mineral resources in China, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Brazil, Australia, etc.; they are based in Switzerland and cover the entire world.
In more than 80 countries, the primary metals trade is among the top three in the world. Companies own high-quality global mineral resources. Currently, companies own or participate in mineral resources globally, as shown in the table below. By the end of 2021, companies had 1,305 million tons of molten ore in China, and Ping,
Average grade 0.119 per cent; Npm copper gold ore resource, 249 million tons; copper grade, 0.55 per cent; gold grade, 0.24 g/t; tfm copper ore resource, 845 million tons; copper grade, 2.9 per cent; cobalt grade, 0.29 per cent; Brazilian argon ore, 567 million tons; average grade, 0.43 per cent; phosphorous ore resource, 429 million tons; average grade, 11.6 per cent.
The company is the world’s leading producer of tungsten, cobalt, americium, molybdenum and important copper, as well as Brazil’s leading producer of phosphorus and gross profits. Since the acquisition of tfm in 2016, the business income of the copper and cobalt plate has been the largest share of the company’s mineral business since 2017, and the company’s core resources have been transformed from sorghum to copper.
Cobalt mining. In 2021, the company achieved business income of $13,268 million for copper and cobalt products, achieving a gross profit contribution of $7,027 million, or 43.05 per cent. In 2021, the company ' s trade in concentrates was 5.42 per cent, with the exception of copper and cobalt plates. Copper, cobalt, is the company ' s main product, and copper, cobalt, is the source of its own produce and is also used in its composition as copper and cobalt.
For the most part, fluctuations in copper and cobalt prices have an important impact on the company ' s performance. Figure 5: Sub-product Māori (billions of yuan) Figure 6: Composition of Corporate Product Operating Income (2021)
In 2014, the company completed the reform of mixed ownership of state-owned enterprises, and has now developed a robust equity structure for private ownership, State-owned participation, and investment allocation of large investment institutions, strategic and industrial investors. In 2014, the company’s holdings were increased through the secondary market to include shares in the Luoyang industry.
In June of that year, it became a board of directors, and then Mr. Yuan Honglin became the head of the board of directors of the company, responsible for overall strategic operations.
At the end of 2021, Hong Xing held 24.69% of shares, and the Luo Mining Group, under the flag of the State Finance Committee of the city of Loyang, held 24.68% as the second largest shareholder.
In September 2020, in order to establish a long-term mechanism for sharing risks and benefits with the core workforce, the company decided to buy back a share for the implementation of the employee holding scheme. The specific repurchase option is to use its own funds of no more than $450 million at a price not exceeding $450 million.
Repurchase of shares in a company, with a total of 50 million to 100 million shares, or 0.22 per cent of the total equity of the company before the buy-back, and payment of $194 million. The total amount of the SIP funds for the first period did not exceed $97.0266 million, with a share of one dollar each, with a ceiling of 97.0266 million.
The objectives of the appraisal of the employee holding plan are shown in the figure below. The final evaluation results will be used as the basis for the calculation of the stock locking and the distribution of proceeds for each equity share of each holder's share in the respective batch of the equity holding plan, and the result will be a 100% personal dimension factor greater than or greater than 80, and a factor greater than or less than 60, or less than 80.
80%, or less than 60%, of the coefficient of zero. After the performance evaluation at the company level has been met, the holder is entitled to the current allocation amount = the assigned amount of the targeted interest x the equity allocation factor.
The Bill on the Repurchase of Equity Shares in the Companya (Second Phase) by Competitive Trading, which agrees that the Company will use its own funds of up to $800 million to buy back its shares at a price not higher than $8/equity, followed by an incentive scheme or an employee ' s equity plan, with the repurchase of shares in the range of 50 million to 100 million shares, which will take back
As of 31 December 2021, the company had completed its second round of repurchases, with high dividends in return for investors. The company’s dividends were stable, and the return on dividends was significant, with the average annual share of the company since it was listed as having achieved 53 per cent of the return net profit in the same year through cash dividends, equity buybacks, and so on.
The business performance benefited from a significant increase in the volume of copper and cobalt-based blocks and continued to yield efficiency gains. In 2021, the Division experienced a significant increase in its performance, with both operating income and net repatriation profits at historical levels, mainly due to: (1) production of a variety of products such as copper, cobalt, and phosphorous fertilizer, which created new highs in recent years, and the company in 2021.
The average annual price of major products has risen year-on-year; (2) Following the target of completing three years of $500 million before 2020, companies have continued to make low-cost operational advantages, with mining and processing plate production operating at a cost of $1.6 billion more than the cost of reducing efficiency gains by the same year in 2021.
The company’s profit margin was hit by a sharp fall in cobalt prices and continued low copper prices in 2019. As non-ferrous metal prices continued to rise and efficiency gains were realized, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate in 2021 were global mining esg poles, and construction of esg promoted high-quality corporate development.
In 2018, the company developed a road map for a sustainable development governance system, established a strategy at the board level and the Commission on Sustainable Development: in 2019, the company established the Executive Committee on Sustainable Development, updated its sustainable development policy: in 2020, the company continued to improve its policy framework and governance structure for sustainable development.
For the third year in a row, the company was ranked first in the international rating of the Mmsci global mining industry esg, and in 2021 the rating of the msciesg was moved up to a grade from bbb in 2020, with the same levels as the power, BB and BB, and the British and American resources, leading the mining industry both within and outside the country. According to the latest report of the Morgan Stanleyesg rating, issued in May 2022, the Luoyang industry is now in a state of emergency.
Esg’s performance continues to be a-level, leading the national mining industry’s esg ranking, and in its latest rating report, corporate governance is excellent, with more than 74% of global counterparts and 93% of domestic counterparts. As the global mining community’s interest in esg increases, building esg will be an important safeguard for the sustainable development of companies.
The index is the most used benchmark for global portfolio managers, and its ratings have become an important basis for investment decisions by major investment institutions around the world. Corporate operations are divided into two major sectors: mining and trade.
(a) One of the copper cobalt mines: 80 per cent interest in Congolese tfm copper cobalt, 71.25 per cent interest in Congolese kisanfu copper cobalt, 100 per cent interest in Brazilian cil phosphorus and nml mines, 80 per cent interest in Northern Parks gold mines;
According to the company ' s annual report of 2021, the company ' s assets abroad amounted to 11,87 billion yuan, representing 86.35 per cent of the total. In 2021, the company produced 2,327 million tons of copper metal, 185,000 tons of cobalt metal, 1.64 million tons of molybdenum metal, 8,658 tons of tungsten metal and thorium metal.
From the volume of copper, the company is second in a share and the amount of copper on the market. From the volume of copper concentrate, the company is third in a share and the amount of copper on the market, after the wealth of purple gold and five mines.
The tfm mixed mining project is operational and the company is expected to outperform the second largest output. Figure 13: Comparison of the resources of copper listing companies (tonnes) Figure 14: Copper listing companies 2021 (tonnes of metal)
In the cobalt industry, corporate cobalt production is the second largest in the world, and is among the leading cobalt producers in the world. In 2021, combustible production was 31,300 tons, while the combustine production in the Luoyang industry was 185,000 tons. The gap between combustible production in the Luoyang industry and combustible production was further reduced when the tfm mixed mining project became operational and the kfm project became operational.
Congo tfm: one of the largest copper cobalt mines in the world
The following table shows the Congolese copper mines, which produce more than 100,000 tons of copper annually. tfm projects are based on the amount of resources and mining.
As far as grade is concerned, it is a high-quality large copper mine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The company holds 80 per cent interest in the tfm copper cobalt mine, which covers the exploration, mining, refining, processing and sale of copper, cobalt ore, and has a full range of processes and processes from mining to processing, the main products being cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide.
The tfm-owned tekefungurume mine is located in the province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) Kantaga and is mined in the form of a mine of more than 1,500 square kilometres, one of the world’s largest and most ore-bearing copper-cobalt mines with great potential for future development. The tskefungurume mine is located in Katanga, in the Central African copper belt.
The copper-cobalt belt, which is the third largest copper-rich area in the world, is also the most resource reserve and the most densely distributed deposits in the world. Based on the “rich, large, shallow” characteristics of the Congolese copper-mine resources, several large international mining companies, in addition to companies, have laid up mineral resources in the belt, such as Carina.
At the end of 2021, there were 845 million tons of ore resources in the tekefungurume mine, and 2451.08 million tons of combustible copper and cobalt metal, respectively.
Two hundred and fifty-one thousand tons, or 2.9 per cent of the average copper grade, and 0.29 per cent of the average cobalt grade. There are 170 million tons of mineable rock reserves, 35.41 million tons of copper and 49.33 million tons of cobalt metal, or 2.06 per cent of the average copper grade and 0.29 per cent of the average cobalt grade.
The project is the highest-quality cobalt resource project in the world after the mutanda mine. History has changed: in December 1998, B. B. and B. B. signed a options agreement with tenkemining to obtain the right to purchase control over the Tenke fungurume project. 2000 and 2002, pelpsdodge (now fmc) was exhausted.
In 2007, the Freeport McMillen acquired pelpsdodge, and in 2007, the Lunding Group acquired tkemining, thereby indirectly holding 30% of tfh.
In 2010, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo reconsidered tfm ' s Revised and Restatementd Mining Agreement, and revised gécamines ' direct ownership of 20% of tfm, fcx, fcx.
The indirect shareholding of the tfm held by the Lundinggroup fell to 56% and 24% respectively. In November 2016, the company acquired 100% of the fmdrc shareholding under the flag of fcx through the Hong Kong subsidiary Lomak Holdings, thereby indirectly acquiring 56% of the tfm, becoming the actual control of tfm and gaining the right to mine.
In April 2017, the company secured 24 per cent of the tfm indirectly held by bhr by entering into a framework cooperation agreement and completed the purchase of 100 per cent of the bhr shares in September 2019 with $470 million from Sun Corporation, thereby acquiring 24 per cent of the tfm interest, further increasing the company ' s voice and control in the mines.
At present, the company holds 80% of the tfm and the other 20% is owned by gécamines. Figure 17: tfm equity structure, 10k project is operational, resulting in efficiency gains. tfm has a full set of mining, leaching, solution extraction, electricity, etc.
Deeply processed processes, the main products being cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide. The company invested $370 million in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) in a pilot production phase in July and successfully put it into full load production at the end of September, increasing the disposal of tfm ore by 10,000 tons per day, from 15,000 tonnes per day to 25,000 tonnes per day, adding 885 million tons of copper per year, adding more.
With the launch of the 10k project, tmf can form 250,000 tonnes/year of copper metal and 25,000 tonnes/year of cobalt gold, 1.75-2.05 million tonnes/year.
The business model of the terminal processing plants and smelters; cobalt hydroxide is sold mainly through the trade network of ixm to downstream cobalt smelters and downstream producers of the new energy supply chain. In 2021, 20.51 tons of tfm copper metal was sold and 1,708 tons of cobalt metal was sold.
Figure 20: tfm Cobalt Production Operating: 16,584 million yuan (+70.48 per cent) of tfm ' s operating income in 2021, representing more than 50 per cent higher than the average of the company ' s total operating value in 2020, and an additional 10k project resulting in capacity upgrading and efficiency gains in mitigation
The tfm copper-cobalt mining project is expected to double tfm production. Depending on the ore oxidation rate, the oxidation rate of less than 10% is classified as vulcanized ore, the oxidation rate of more than 90% is divided as oxidized ore and the oxidation rate is 10-90%.
Ores are divided into mixed mines. In August 2021, the company issued an announcement to further develop the rich resources of the tfm copper cobalt mine, to expand copper cobalt production, to optimize existing production processes and to reduce the operating costs of mining production, with $2.51 billion to be invested in the construction of the tfm copper cobalt mixed mining project.
The MMP is the company ' s priority production efficiency project in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which plans to build three production lines, processing 12.4 million tons of ores per year, 3.5 million tons per year of mixed ore production lines, 3.3 million tons per year of hydrogen ore production lines and 5.6 million tons per year of mixed ore production lines, handling a total of 12.4 million tons per year of ore and products
For cathode copper and cobalt hydroxide. The project is scheduled to be completed in 2023, with an average annual production of about 200,000 tons of new copper expected after delivery, and about 17 million tons of new cobalt produced each year after completion of the 2023 project.
Figure 24: Cobalt extension planning (tons) for the tfm project, according to global pamphlet projections, tfm will be the world ' s largest cobalt mine in 2025, with production higher than that of the komoto and mutanda cobalt mines and the largest increase in production in the global copper and cobalt mine in the coming years.
Congo kfm: Large copper cobalt deposits with great geological potential Kisanfu copper cobalt deposits are large copper cobalt deposits located 33 km south-west of the tfm copper cobalt mine, with kfm holding 95 per cent interest in the copper cobalt mine through the pelpsdodgecongos.a.r.l. (pdc) Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
A further 5% interest. The total resources of kisanfu copper cobalt ore amount to some 365 million tons of ore, the average grade of copper is about 1.72%, the average grade of copper metal is about 6.28 million tons, and the average grade of cobalt is about 0.85%, and the volume of cobalt metal is about 3.1 million tons. The site is now moving rapidly towards the completion of the mammothing, ringing, river re-routing, ore rights consolidation, which can be designed to optimize, ground-based.
In December 2020, the company indirectly acquired 95 per cent of pdc, i.e. kisanfu, by purchasing 100 per cent of the shares of its indirectly held Bermuda subsidiary jennyast and kisanfu from fcx at $550 million through Naturalresource investmentmited, a fully-owned subsidiary of L.A.
The acquisition of the kisanfu copper cobalt mine, which has synergies with the tfm copper cobalt mine, has a unique advantage in the development and operation of the tfm copper cobalt mine; and secondly, the kisanfu copper cobalt mine is huge.
The geological potential, the enormous amount of resources and the deep mineral capacity will provide companies with a diversified development strategy. In April 2021, the Lomé Holdings signed a framework cooperation agreement with the Bump era, where the Bumps gained 25% of kfmholddding (kfm) at a total cost of $137.5 million for new energy in the company era.
The shares are 75% and 25% respectively in the kfm holdings at the time of completion of the transaction, with strategic partnerships in the field of new energy metal resources, with respective advantages and full cooperation in the development of investments in new energy metals such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, copper, etc.
The company is one of the top seven producers of molybdenum and one of the largest producers of tungsten in the world, operating in three mines of scavengers and scavengers, in the selection, smelting and extraction of molybdenum, tungsten, iron and metal.
Deep processing, scientific research, etc., has upstream and downstream integration operations such as mining, mining, smelting, chemicals, etc. The main products are molybdenum, ammonium tungsten, tungsten concentrate and other products related to tungsten.
Three canyon mines: the three canyon mines are the world's largest single-body tungsten mine, which is located at the intersection of the three canyons of the Chitsu Town and the cold water town's long-range 2.03km2.
In 2006, the company acquired a 100% interest in the three mollum mines and acquired mining rights for the mine for the period from September 2006 to June 2021, with a mining mark of 1072 to 1600 m. In November 2021, the company exchanged mining licences for the mine for the period from 1 June 2021.
On 1 June 2023, the size of the production was 9.9 million tonnes/year, and work is currently under way to verify the stock of resources in the mine. Research has shown that the three sorghum mines, despite the exploration work carried out earlier, were unable to control the depths due to the high marking of the mining certificates, and that the depths of the mines are in a condition to produce minerals that form medium-sized, large-scale sorghum deposits.
In addition to the general mining process, the company has also used 5g technology to achieve three long-range clearing systems and unmanned intelligent dispatches. The upper ravine molten mines: mine ownership is vested in 90% of the company’s joint-branch company, Xuzhou Rings.
The mining area is also part of the Sasakawa mine, which is adjacent to the three salami mines. The area of the mine up there is 1.2073km2, which is marked at a height of 1520-1154m, and the size of the mine is 1.65 million tonnes/year.
This project, which began in 1993 with underground mining, began in 1996 with the creation of open-air and underground co-mining, which was completely halted and converted to open-air mining at the end of the year, resulting in a capacity of 5,000 tons per day by 2007. At present, one open-air mine, five waste quarries and one industrial site have been set up in the upper ravine.
Xinjiang Mine: The mine is owned by 65.1% of the company’s subsidiary, Xinjiang Molybdenum. The mine is the first to be found in Xinjiang, with the characteristics of large, high-grade, shallow, and open mining. The mineral resources under exploration amount to 44,131.84 million tons, and molten metals amount to 50.171 million tons, with an average grade of 0.115 per cent.
As at 31 December 2021, the company had 1,305 million tons of molybdenum ore in China, with an average grade of 0.119 per cent; the reserve of 377 million tons, with an average grade of 0.126 per cent.
(a) The ore resources amounting to 412 million tons, with an average grade of 0.095 per cent, accompanied by significant copper, titanium and fluorescent resources;
It sells 16,562 tons of molybdenum and 8,366 tons of tungsten. The company produces molybdenum, molten iron, molybdenum powder, ammonium molybdenum, molybdenum, tungsten, tungsten powder, tungsten, tungsten, tungsten, tungsten, tungsten, and the products are marketed directly by the producer-consumption user, supplemented by the producer-third-party trader-consumption user.
Figure 28 Production of tungsten metal (tons) Figure 27 Production of molybdenum metal (tons) Operating: In 2021, the company won $5.35 billion, i.e. +50.66 per cent of the year.
The operations of the block continued to promote full-scale collection, further reduce procurement costs, enhance technology clearances, reduce material consumption, implement efficiency projects and achieve a production operating cost reduction of $95.61 million throughout the year.
Brazilian phosphorus plate: Based on local agricultural advantages, cmocbrasil production is the second largest producer of phosphorus worldwide and the second largest producer of phosphorus in Brazil. The range of operations for phosphorus mines covers the entire phosphorus chain, and phosphorus mining is conducted in open-air operations, the main products of which are: high concentration phosphorus fertilizer.
Low concentrations of phosphorus, animal feed supplements, intermediate products of phosphate and sulfuric acid (mainly self-used) and related by-products (paste, fluorosilic acid, etc.) cover the exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing of entropy ore, the main product being iron, through shredding, sifting, enrichment, leaching and smelting of sulfon ore.
Processing of processes such as refining. Figure 31: Structure of rights in cil ore, nml ore. Figure 32: Geographical location of Brazilian phosphorus operations
The company has two mineral resources, cil phosphorus and nml, in the catalão mine in Brazil. As at 31 December 2021, the company had 567 million tons of sorghum, an average grade of 0.43 per cent, and 243,000 tons of rotor metals.
11.6% of the average grade; 177 million tons of phosphorus, with an average grade of 12.65%; historical evolution: in 1955, coopebras (Brazilian Petroleum Industries) were established and started producing carbon black in Cubatão. In 1966, coopebras started producing sulphuric acid and low-concentration phosphate fertilizer. 1976, catalão.
The mining industry began mining sorghum; in 1984, the catalão mine began producing phosphate fertilizers. In 2003, the largest project, the chemical-mining complex of fertilizer and phosphate, was officially put into operation. In 2014, the parent companies of the coopebras and catalão mine, the British-American Resource Group, launched the Boavista project, allowing processing in Boa.
In 2016, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Lo Molybdenum Holdings, acquired British and American resource group records of tons per day in the Brazilian industry of zirconium and phosphate, and in September of the same year produced a record production of 757 tons per month of zirconium.
Coopebras, Niobras and their controlling company, Brazil Spv, have been restructured by merging three legal entities and changing the name of the restructured company to Lumong Brazil.
The main products are high-concentration phosphorus (map, gtsp), low-concentration phosphorus (ssg, ssp powder, etc.), kinetic feed supplement (dcp), intermediate-products phosphate and sulphuric acid (the main self-use of sulphuric acid) and related by-products (stone gypsum, fluorosilic acid), which are sold to the Brazilian market.
The geographical position of the final consumer market for fertilizers is very close and has a significant geographical advantage. In 2021, the company had a figure 33: production of americium metal, and a figure 34: production of phosphorus (ha+la)
Operations: cmocbrasil relies on technological upgrading and integrated resource recovery to reduce costs, improve efficiency and boost iron recovery. In 2021, cmocbrasil introduced management changes to improve operational efficiency, reducing production operating costs by R$177 million for the year as a whole; generated $5,087 million, compared with +12.86 per cent;
Figure 36: Cmocbrasil ' s net profit from the mother and comparison. npm: 100% automated mine. Copper gold plates are the second largest plate in the company ' s layout since the start of business and the company ' s first journey abroad.
In December 2013, the company acquired 80% of the netthparkesjointventure by buying 80% of the mine in its possession of the North Australian Parks Copper Mine (npm), with an additional 20% of the npm mine being owned by a friend-in-law company.
The area of operations of the npm copper gold mine covers copper metal extraction, selection, mainly copper concentrate and by-product gold and silver.
The e26l1n project is operational, extending the life of npm by nine years. npm is a lft2 operating in New South Wales, Australia. In 2006, work began on the third break-down mine, e48, which extends into 2024. The development of the new mine after e26l1n is e48 will extend the life of npm by nine years left.
Right, mining is also carried out using fragmentation techniques, which became operational in March of this year. npm, which is automated to up to 100%, is the most cost-effective method of mining.
The fall of the body is caused by the bottom cut that is guided and controlled and the fall of the ore returns from the point of release at the bottom of the body. Npm uses advanced break-down techniques for mining, with 100% automaticization of the sub-well natural collapse mining technology. As the ore grade drops and further exploitations, it is expected that the break-down method will replace the deluge.
As at 31 December 2021, Npm had detected a resource of 249 million tons, of which 0.55 per cent was copper and 0.24g/t was gold; the proven resource reserve was 31.5 million tons, of which 0.48 per cent was copper and 0.48 per cent gold was gold.
At 0.28g/t. Product sales: in 2021, copper production at npm was 23,534 tons and sales at 23,557 tons; gold production at 19948 ounces and sales at 19,650 ounces.
(a) Operations: in 2021, cmocmining ptylimitized generated $1.692 billion, or 16.31 per cent of the year;
Headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, is a global metal trading company that deals mainly in global trade in refined metals such as copper, zinc, lead and non-ferrous metals such as copper, zinc, aluminium, nickel, has a good reputation and a worldwide network of metal trading and customer systems, and has built up a globalized logistics and storage system.
The area of operations includes China, Latin America, North America and Europe, where products are mainly sold to Asia and Europe.In October 2018, companies signed an offer with an investment fund to purchase 100 per cent of the ixm shares held by their wholly-owned subsidiary, Nsrc (now ixmholding), with a trade matching value of $495 million plus the bid.
In July 2019, the company paid a cash exchange of approximately $518 million to complete the stock purchase transaction and then transferred 100% of the shares of the group to Lo. The purchase of the crossm was a good way for the company to capture the dynamics of the industry and to act as a synergy.
Increased corporate coverage of global metal mining projects and alternative investment opportunities should also increase corporate profitability through the search for low-risk arbitrage opportunities in the value chain and the risk of price change in off-the-shelf holdings through derivative financial instruments such as futures contracts.
Two parts of the refined metals. The Maori of the refined minerals trade is mainly derived from the differential price of the processing/refining fee, in addition to the grade, the arbitrage of the difference in the value of the goods and the arbitrage of the mixed minerals; the Maori of the refined metals trade is mainly derived from the base spread, and the profits derived from the base spread fully cover the corresponding storage, insurance and financing.
At the same time, ixm can lock profits at lower risk. In 2021, ixm overcame the impact of the new crown epidemic and the sharp fluctuations in metal prices, fully demonstrating its business model, tons of tons, with an all-time high in real terms throughout the year; generated business income of $16,401 million, or +57.98 per cent;
The company uses the trade advantage of ixm, guarantees the entire copper cobalt produced by tfm, Brazil's whole iron iron, and Australia’s npm part of the copper market. At the same time, ixm is able to synergize and complement the company’s existing business, and participate in the public with information and research advantages.
The Department's resources are consolidated and profitable, using wind control capabilities to help monitor gains and losses and financial exposures. By working with mining plates and companies' investment, financing, and research capabilities, Ixm has created new profits for companies.
The dollar acquired 100% of the U.S. Source Holdings, thereby indirectly holding 21% of the U.S. Cobalt. In July 2020, the U.S. Molybdenum Holdings, through the U.S.C. Holdings, increased the share of U.S. Cobalt in U.S. Cobalt to 30%, so that the company held 30% of the U.S. Cobalt Cobalt Project and proportionately contracted for the production of U.S. Cobalt hydroxide.
The company was involved in the construction of a hybrid nickel hydroxide (mhp) morowali industrial park in Indonesia, which produces 60,000 tons of nickel metal per year. The total investment in the construction of the project was US$ 1.28 billion.
Nickel raw materials are purchased on a market-price basis from SOCI and its associated companies, which has guaranteed a priority supply of nickel-cobalt-cobalt nickel for 10 years within the project ' s life cycle, with nickel metal levels greater than 1.0 per cent, and a guaranteed supply of nickel-metallite of not less than 60,000 tons per year when the supply of nickel-cobalt is required.
In terms of marketing of products, China Qing, Microsoft Holdings, and Cinderella International have distributed proportionately all of the products produced by CYC, of which 59% are sold, 31% are sold by CYCs, and 10% are sold internationally. In 2021, Indonesia's nickel and cobalt project’s lead line was successfully tested, significant progress was made in the configuration of the nickel metal, and the new energy track added new dynamic energy.
The new energy automobile industry is growing rapidly, with 35.45 million vehicles in 2021, or +159.52 per cent in 2021; and 3,521,000 vehicles in sales, or +157.57 per cent in 2022.
Power cells are at the core of electric cars, divided into three-dollar batteries and a lithium phosphate battery, while the three-dollar high nickel material is the core material of the three-dollar power cell, which accounts for more than 40% of the cost of the three-dollar battery, and has great prospects for development. Investment in Cobalt will contribute to the development of the chain of industry in the rare new energy sector of the company.
By the end of the first quarter of 2022, 70.3 per cent of the assets and liabilities of the Luoyang industry were in favour of listed companies in the same industry.
By the end of 2021, companies had received a total of bank awards. Figure 52: Currency funds/short-term debt.
The turnover rate has also risen significantly since 2019, as a result of the trade company ' s portfolio, which boosted the company ' s overall capital because of the low Māori ratio in trade operations and the marked decline in Māori and net interest rates since the Māori ratio in trade operations. By contrast, in 2021 the Māori rate for mining and processing blocks in companies reached 44.27 per cent, and the Māori rate for mineral trading operations.
3.39 per cent, with mineral trade accounting for 85 per cent of operating income. Figure 59: Cost for the period (%) Industry: Development of the new energy sector boosts the upstream metal landscape
The company has a diversified portfolio of mineral products, focusing on new energy metals such as copper, cobalt, nickel, balancing rare metals such as molybdenum, tungsten and thorium, and building a new model of “mine + trade” based on the foundation of “mines + trade”, enabling companies to expand their layout and impact in the area of resources.
Copper - the new energy industry opens up a wide space of demand. Copper is well-extended, conductive and conductive, can be processed into poles, tubes, straps, and gills, which are widely applied in the fields of electricity, construction, automobiles, home appliances, and machinery. The copper industry chain is broadly divided from upstream to downstream.
Selecting, smelting, processing, and end demand. The primary ore is mined and selected as copper concentrate, the copper ore is refined into metal copper, the copper smelting is divided into fire and wet. Fire smelting is the main copper extraction process, with total spherical copper production accounting for 85% of total production in 2019.
Figure 62: Global copper mineral resources and reserves, Figure 63: Global copper reserves distribution. Global copper mineral resources are more abundant. US Geological Survey (usgs) data show global copper reserves by 2020
870 million tons (economically exploitable) and 5.6 billion tons of resource reserves, which have remained around 40 years of global copper availability for nearly 10 years. There is also a concentration of copper reserves, especially in the Pacific Rim (with emphasis on the Andean belt of South America), with Chile and Peru in South America containing 200 million tons and 87 million tons, respectively.
In 2021, Chile produced 56.65 million tons of copper concentrate, or 26.5 per cent, and Peru produced 2,263,000 tons of copper concentrate, or 10.6 per cent, of the global reserve.
In Chile, Peru, copper production is already stable, but it is still the main variable affecting global copper concentrates because of its large base. Despite the wealth of global copper reserves, copper production is dependent on copper mining companies.
The first round, around 2004, was driven by the acceleration of China’s industrialization and urbanization process to increase the demand for copper, based on the fact that there are three distinct rounds of investment in copper development over the past 20 years.
Worldmackenzie data show that global demand for copper increased by about 5 million tons in 2007 compared to 2002, with China increasing demand by 3.5 million tons, or 70 per cent. This led to copper prices moving out of a round of cattle in 2004-2006, stimulating mining enterprises to increase capital spending and exploration inputs;
The second round, which took place around 2010, was driven by national stimulus policies to emerge from the financial crisis, in particular China’s “4 trillion billion” plan to increase copper demand, with copper prices again moving out of the unilateral cattle market in 2009–2011, and investments in mineral exploration and exploitation reaching historic high levels. After 2011, China’s development gradually moved into a new normal, global pattern.
There has also been a slowdown in demand for bulk commodities, including copper, where copper prices continued to fall to the bottom only in early 2016, during which time there was a significant decline in investment in exploration and development of copper mines. The rise in the price of non-ferrous metals in this round stimulated exploration spending, but the spending was much smaller than at the previous peak in 2020.
The sharp increase in non-ferrous metal prices in the second half of the year, sustained at historical highs, stimulated an increase in exploration expenditure, with global expenditure on non-ferrous metal exploration amounting to $11.24 billion in 2021, an increase of 35 per cent over 2020 and 21 per cent over 2019, but well below the peak of the decade ago, the 2012 global expansion round.
Non-ferrous metal exploration expenditure amounted to $20.530 billion. There has been a lack of large green land projects globally in recent years. Although non-ferrous metal prices reached an all-time high in 2021, global non-ferrous metal exploration expenditure increased only slightly, and few large green land projects have been discovered in three years.
Global data show that the global expenditure on exploration for early copper projects in 2021 was $1.17 billion, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period, but still 3 per cent lower than in 2019.The number of early copper mine projects published in 2021 was as high as 18, the highest since 2014.
The table below shows that there have been no large-scale early copper mining projects worldwide in recent years. Compared to previous years, the Eiffonhow mine, Kamoa copper mine, accounted for 86% of the total in 2016, and the Serbian timok copper mine, 2018.
Both projects are currently in the production release period of 69 per cent of the total for the year.
Limited. According to the announced copper mining development project, according to Woodmackenzie, by 2025 or so, new copper minerals will not be able to compensate for the decline in the exit of old mines and in the level of active minerals, global copper figure 68: global copper production and demand projections
China, as a major capital and manufacturing country, consumes nearly 50% of the world's copper, followed by developed countries such as Japan, the United States, Germany, etc. The copper sector is concentrated.
Large-scale grid construction has made copper consumption almost half of the total domestic consumption of copper in the electricity sector. Copper consumption is distributed evenly globally, mainly in electricity, construction, transport, etc. The final use patterns of copper are mainly based on the good conductivity of copper, with electricity transmission accounting for 60% of the total.
It has been determined that copper has a wide range of applications in new and emerging areas involving electricity, such as new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, large quantities, and because copper has good conductivity and extension, it is one of the key raw materials in the global energy transformation process, and clean energy requires much more conductors than conventional fossil energy. According to the International Energy Agency, conventional combustion.
Coal power plants or gas power plants use approximately 1.1 tons of copper per megawatt of installed capacity, while 1.5 tons of copper per megawatt of nuclear power, about 3 tons of copper per megawatt of photovoltage or land-based wind power, and 8 tons of copper per megawatt of offshore wind power. Copper is used in the field of wind power. Copper is used for the above-mentioned unit of installed capacity.
By 3,822,000 tons, or around 1.5 per cent of total global copper demand; by 2025, 660,000 tons of global copper will be used in wind and electric installed machines; by 2025, 2,616 million tons of global copper will be required, or 1.9 per cent of global copper demand, according to Woodmackenzie ' s estimate for 2025; and by 2025, 1094,000 tons of global copper will be used in light-volt installed machines.
In the area of transport, a report by the International Copper Industry Association (IBA) shows that the quantities of copper used in fuel trucks, hybrids, plug-in cars, single-cars in pure trams are 23 kgg, 39kg, 60kg, 83kg, and the amounts of copper used in the accompanying charged posts are also significant, with direct public chargers, exchange public chargers and private exchange chargers being 60 kg, respectively
20 kgg and 5kg. For example, according to a study by martec, new-energy car copper beams are 16 kg/cars, higher than conventional fuel tankers 10.5 kg/cars, and automatic driving of class I4 can increase single-car copper beams 3-4kg. Woodmackenzie predicts that about 40% of future copper demand will come from photovoltaics, wind power, wind power.
In the long run, the global demand for copper is at around 2 to 3 per cent, the overall copper concentrate is increasing slightly over the next few years, and the supply of copper is likely to show a small excess pattern. But the supply of copper is on the other end of the spectrum.
In the past, there has been greater uncertainty, and since this year, a number of copper head companies have adjusted production guidelines for the year. Cobalt – the indispensable new energy metal – has good temperature-resistant, corrosion-resistant, magnetic properties, extensive applications to high-temperature alloys, hard alloys, pottery.
Ceramic paints, catalysts, batteries, etc. In tri-polar material, cobalt stabilizes the layer structure of the material, increasing its circulation and multiplier performance. Cobalt atomic sequences 27, located between iron and nickel, are close to copper, and therefore more associated with these metals in nature, 50% of which are associated with nickel, 44% with copper and 44% with raw cobalt.
Only 6%. According to global data, in 2020, 60.7% of the cobalt produced globally came from copper ore by-products and 29.3% from nickel ore by-products, and as a by-product of copper or nickel ore mining, cobalt ore production (mainly in Congolese gold) produced copper or cobalt ore, which was subsequently produced.
Processed into intermediates, mainly cobalt hydroxide (mainly in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), which are then processed into refined cobalt (mostly in China, if chemicals) for battery manufacturing (mostly in Asia) and ultimately for portable storage and production concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Of these, the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the largest resource country, with a reserve of 3.6 million tons of cobalt resources, or about 50 per cent of the global total; followed by Australia, with a reserve of 1.4 million tons of cobalt resources, or about 20 per cent; and China, with a reserve of about 80,000 tons of cobalt resources, which represents only 1.12 per cent of the global total, the lack of resource endowments has forced China to rely heavily on imports to fill it every year.
At the same time, the Congo is the largest cobalt-producing country, with data from usgs showing that in 2021 the global volume of cobalt minerals was about 170,000 tons of metal, of which the Democratic Republic of the Congo has about 120,000 tons of cobalt minerals, and the global market accounts for the Bida figure 77: distribution of global cobalt reserves
Figure 78: Global cobalt production distribution in 2021. The copper-cobalt belt of Central Africa, stretching from the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the south east to the central part of Zambia, stretching nearly 700 km wide and about 150 km wide, has been invested by international mining companies in large, high grade and shallow deposits of c-co deposits.
Africa is the first region for Chinese mining companies to enter abroad, including a group of Chinese mining companies engaged in mining development in the Congolese copper-cobalt belt, and the rapid development of Chinese-owned companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has created a pool of talent that has led to local engineering contracts, supply of equipment, trade logistics, etc.
According to estimates from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), eight of the 14 largest Congolese cobalt mining companies are medium-sized, producing almost half of the country’s production. Cobalt nickel projects will represent an important increase in cobalt.
Source and 36% cobalt resources. The red earth-type ni-co deposits are mainly produced in tropical or subtropical areas between 23.6° N and 23.0° S. Australia, Cameroon, Cuba, Brazil, New Caledonia, Indonesia, and the Philippines are important red-earth-type ni-co mineral-producing countries.
Among them, Indonesia is the largest nickel-rich country in the world. The high-pressure acid leaching hpal process can handle the low-grade red-earth nickel mine in Indonesia, and can recover it with cobalt, low energy consumption, less carbon emissions, and has a significant cost advantage over other process routes.
In addition, Indonesia’s rich low-grade nickel deposits have limited the process’s resources and provided a wide range of development space. The hpal process has matured over many years, and the Chinese Enterprise and Design Institute has extensive experience in the design and operation of the hpal process.
The cost of a stable hpal process project, which offsets cobalt gains, has a clear cost advantage, such as the Gualmoa plant and the Bazin Rim project. According to Anteco data, the full cost of the Rywood project is $12,000.
At a cost of $9,000 per ton in cash, the value of cobalt is only $4,800-4,900 per ton. With the diminishing availability of high-grade nickel resources, Hpal technologies with low-grade ores, low cost, low energy consumption, low carbon emissions and high combined use of valuable metals will be increasingly valued.
In recent years, almost all new Hpal projects have been implemented. Cobalt by-products of the Hpal process will become an important increase in the global cobalt market supply. Global cobalt production forecasts.
Capability. The expected resumption of production and the pace of reptilisation of the copper-cobalt mine can have a greater impact on the supply side. Moreover, as the deployment of the Congolese copper-cobalt project by the Chinese-owned enterprises has advanced, the bulk of the future increase in the capacity of the Congolese-cobalt-mines will come from projects of the Chinese-owned enterprises, such as the tfm and kfm in the Luyang moly industry.
At the same time, the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s hand grab – a semi-mechanized small-scale mine – will be regulated, with production likely to remain relatively stable, or even slightly reduced. Cobalt, which is accompanied by nickel from Indonesian wet law, will become a new growth pole in the global supply of cobalt mining, promising to reshape the industry.
According to the existing Chinese business plan, after the completion of the full production and completion of the Nico-Coalition Project, the cobalt-based metal production will reach 330,000 tons, in addition to the wet-law project in Indonesia, which is now operational, and the Chinese-American project is expected to be launched by the end of the year, and the Chinese-American project is expected to be operational by the end of the year.
Next year's production is expected to be a more concentrated release period for the production of cobalt metals in Indonesia, and the products are produced in intermediate form, in line with the trend of high nickelization. Taking into account the above factors, the global demand for cobalt production is projected for 2021-2025. According to Anteco, the global consumption of cobalt in 2021 was 165,000 tons, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same period.
China ' s total cobalt consumption of 111,000 tons, an increase of 28.6 per cent over the same period, can stabilize the material ' s layered structure and increase its circulation and multiplier performance in the three-dollar orthodoxy material, as previously noted. Lithium batteries are the main global area of cobalt consumption and are the main driving force behind the growth of cobalt consumption. In the global cobalt consumption structure in 2021, the ratio of lithium electricity was 30 per cent.
Thirty-six per cent of the power cells, 31 per cent of the power cells, and 7 per cent of the high-temperature alloys and hard alloys, respectively; of the Chinese cobalt consumption structure in 2021, 56 per cent of the 3c lithium electricity, 31 per cent of the power cell, 4 per cent of the hard alloys, 3 per cent of the ceramics and 2 per cent of the high-temperature alloys.
Figure 81: Distribution of cobalt consumption areas in China, 2021
The fastest-growing sections in the field. Cobalt consumption in China ' s ncm ncm ncm nctal batteries in 2021 amounted to 39.2 million tons, a 96 per cent increase over the same period. Since 2022, despite the impact of the epidemic, the country ' s automobile sales have been affected, but there has been a higher rate of sales of new energy sources, with 299,000 vehicles sold in April, representing an increase of 44.6 per cent in the city.
Field penetration rate is 25.3%. In Europe, stringent carbon emissions rules were established. In 2018, in EU legislation, carbon emissions in passenger vehicles were reduced to 95g/km by the end of 2021, with 95% of new vehicles sold to 95g/km in 2020 and to 2025.
In January-April, the cumulative sales of new energy vehicles in Europe increased by 32.6 per cent. In the 30 areas, cobalt applications were concentrated in mobile phones, laptops, and tablets.
Changes have been made in office and teaching methods, home-based work, distance learning, etc., which has led to the acquisition of 30 consumer electronics (especially laptops and tablets). The gartner data show that in 2020, the volume of all-global laptops was approximately 340 million, or +9.9 per cent.
In the area of mobile phones, smartphone battery capacity is expected to increase significantly in the 5g era. 5g mobile phones are expected to boost cobalt consumption from the margins by 10-15% higher than 4g cellular capacity because of their own insuperable power problems (e.g. increased radio frequency usage, etc.).
In the field of rigid alloys, rigid alloys are hard compounds of hard-to-melt metals and alloy materials made of sticky metals through the powder metallurgy process. Blade steel containing a quantity of cobalt can significantly increase steel grinding and cutting performance, and cobalt combines alloys with other metal carbon crystals, making alloys more resilient and reducing them.
The sensitivity to shocks, which welds alloys on the surface of the parts, can increase the life of the parts by three to seven times. High-temperature alloys are a category of metal materials based on iron, nickel, cobalt, capable of long-term work with high temperatures above 600°C and a certain stress force.
The combination of fatigue performance, fracking resilience, etc., is also referred to as “super-alloys”, mainly in the aerospace domain and energy. At temperatures above 1038°C, cobalt-based alloys are shown to be superior, especially suitable for producing efficient high-temperature engines and turbines, so that cobalt-based alloys are widely used in air navigation.
In the military realm of heaven and modern times, the key minerals of our resource advantage, molybdenum and tungsten, are rare metal elements of high strength, high melting point, resistant to grinding and corrosion, which are used in large quantities to make alloys.
Steel, increased steel tolerance for high temperatures, grinding, corrosive performance, etc. Molybdenum and tungsten are the most powerful metal deposits in the country. According to the United States Geological Survey, in 2021, the global resources reserve for mussels was 16 million tons, and our resources for molybdenum were 8.3 million tons, or 52 per cent of the world ' s population. In 2021, the global resources reserve for tungsten was 3.7 million tons, and our resources for tungsten were 3.7 million tons.
In 2021, China produced 130,000 tons of molybdenum, or 43% of the world’s production, and China produced 66,000 tons of tungsten, or 83.5% of the world’s production.
More than 80% of the global molybdenum resources come from tiles-type molybdenum deposits and tiles-type copper molybdenum, the bulk of which is dominated by the co-generation of copper molybdenum. The smelt products from these resources are recovered as by-products of the copper production process, and the copper-coated minerals of the 10 largest molybdenum mining companies worldwide account for 60% of the total production of molybdenum by these companies.
The concentration of molybdenum resources and production is high, with the top 10 molybdenum companies accounting for more than 60% of total global production, mainly the Freeport-mcmoran Copper Company of the United States, the Chilean Codeico Corporation, the Mexican Group, etc.
Molybdenum, which has good grindability, corrosive properties, high melting points, high intensity properties, is widely used in steel, petroleum, chemical, electrical and electronic technology, medicine and agriculture, where all types of steel account for more than 80% of the molten demand. Globally, the demand for molten beryllium is concentrated in the more industrially developed countries, among which Chinese molybdenum.
China dominates the supply end of the global tungsten supply. In order to rationally exploit its superior mineral resources, our tungsten mines, like rare-earth mines, are set by the Ministry of Natural Resources as an annual total extraction target. According to Anteco, 2021 national tungsten concentrates (III)
tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten
Of the tungsten mines in China, 68.7% and 20.9% are tungsten mines and 10.4% are blended with black tungsten mines, which are rich in minerals, high grade and easy to select. The tungsten mines are rich in tungsten and have few, low quality and many associated elements that make it difficult to extract.
Tungsten mines are almost exhausted, and the grade of tungsten concentrates is declining year by year. The three tungsten mines in the Luoyang industry are the second-largest tungsten mines in the country. Tungsten properties and applications. Tungsten have high melting points, high hardness, stable chemical properties, good conductivity, magnetic resistance.
High and excellent corrosive properties that can be used to make hard alloys, drills, high-precision blades, super-hard mills, firearms, etc. that are widely applied in space, automobiles, construction, etc. In the steel industry, tungsten is an important alloy element that is widely used in various steel productions, common contents, etc.
Tungsten steel consists of high-speed steel, tungsten steel, and tungsten cobalt magnets, which are used mainly to manufacture tools such as drills, tungsten blades, cathodes and tungsten. In the area of carbon tungsten-based alloys, carbon tungsten is very resistant to grinding and hard to melt, and is hard to reach near diamonds, which are often used in the production of hard alloys. The carbon tungsten-based hard alloys can be divided broadly into carbon tungsten - tungsten alloys.
Cobalt, carbon tungsten - titanium carbide - cobalt, carbon tungsten - titanium carbide - tantalum carbide - cobalt and steel tungsten hard alloys, etc., mainly for cutting tools, mine tools and fractals. Thus, the downstream application of tungsten and its wide range. Tungsten demand projections. Anteco's 2021 original consumption of 55,000 tons of tungsten increased by 14.6 per cent.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
7280 tons. The company ' s mixed mining project, which is expected to be operational in 2023, will produce 200,000 tons of new copper per year after the birth. In this respect, the global cost of copper mines has risen in recent years owing to rising energy and labour prices, but with the increase in public mine production and the continued growth of efficiency efforts, we assume that the company will continue to produce copper and cobalt in future units.
The price of the product was $9317 per ton in 2021 and $9966 per ton since early 2022. We considered the global copper supply and demand range at $9,000 per ton per year. The price of the domestic cobalt metal was $364,000 per ton in 2021 and early 2022.
The annual revenue from the copper and cobalt business was 16,198,300 million yuan, with a corresponding increase of phosphorus: 8,586 tons of phosphorus and 1.12 million tons of phosphorus in 2021. The company ' s phosphorus business will maintain its current capacity, with annual reports for 2022 showing a production of 0.82-0.95 million tons of thorium and phosphorus for 2022.
The annual price of iron is $42.54/kg and the price of ammonium phosphate is $694/ton. The price of ammonium phosphate per ammonium is close to $1,000/ton in 2022 to date in Polo, and it is also prudent to assume that the price of iron is $40/kg for 2022-2024 and $800/ton for a ammonium phosphate.
In 2021, the company produced 16385 tons of molybdenum metal and 8658 tons of tungsten metal. In 2021, the company maintained its current capacity, and the annual report for 2022 showed an annual production of 1,228-1551 million tons of molybdenum metal, or 7,000 tons of tungsten.
Given that molybdenum and tungsten are the rare metal minerals of the country, the production ends are relatively controlled and the supply and demand are kept in a tight balance pattern, and we believe that prices will be relatively stable in the future, assuming that the price of sorghum is 2000 yuan per ton in 2022-2024 and the price of ammonium sterate is 160,000 yuan per ton in 2022-2024.
Operating income is $5.36 billion and gross profits are $2.20 billion. Annual production of Australian copper gold in 2022 is guided by the annual production of 225-262 million tons of copper, with a gold production of 1.73-22.2 million ounces. For product prices, the price of lme copper is $93.17 per spot sale price in 2021.
Tons, at a gold price of $1,800 per ounce. We assume copper prices of $9,000 per ton in 2022-2024 and gold prices of $1,800 per ounce. Based on these assumptions, the copper gold business is expected to be operational in 2022-2024. Trade operations: 2.884,000 tons in 2021 and refined metals in 2021.
The level of profit is relatively stable in the non-ferrous arbitrage model, cross-arbitrage, or regional arbitrage of non-ferrous metals. Based on historical profitability levels and taking into account fair value changes and gains, we assume that the copper-cobalt business contributed most to corporate profits in each section of the 2022-2024 trading camp, with gross profits from the Congolese copper-cobalt section in 2021.
This represents 43% of the company’s gross profits and, with the completion of the tfm mixed mining project, the volume of Congolese copper and cobalt production is expected to double and will have a greater impact on the company’s future profitability. The higher historical price volatility of copper and cobalt is one of the major factors influencing the company’s profitability. The company’s sensitivity to the copper and cobalt price fluctuations in 2022 net profit returns is analysed as follows:
Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuation to estimate the company's soundness.
Beta average calculation (0.7870 x); equity risk premium using the difference between the annualized rate of return and the risk-free rate of 2.8 per cent over the past five years from the depth 300 index: this results in a rate of 7.44 per cent for wacc.
This absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. Companies are involved in a number of operations such as copper, cobalt, gold, tungsten, molybdenum, americium, phosphorus, bulk merchandise trade, etc. We use the copper-cobalt business, companies own tfm, kfm, etc., of world-class copper-cobalt, and we select the copper-cobalt upstream mineral group.
The mining industry, the Chinese-American cobalt industry, and the Western mining industry are comparable companies. The mining industry is a core of national colour-listed companies, rich in mineral reserves, and the company’s deployment at the end of the resource has been hard built in recent years, overcoming multiple challenges, such as the epidemic, and achieving a number of major flagship projects.
With the expected completion of production, core minerals are being released at a time when the price of bulk metals is at historical highs, and performance is expected to expand the aggressive growth strategy to include new energy and materials industries, with clear growth paths in the medium to long term, and to become a global super-first-class international mining enterprise in the future.
The Chinese-American cobalt industry, which has an integrated industrial chain from cobalt- and nickel-based resources to lithium-based electricity-making, has evolved over a decade, and has grown over the past decade, and has accumulated a coherent industrial landscape of three operational blocks: resource, color, and new energy. Three major business blocks form vertically integrated industrial chains within companies, while companies are recycling back into the fabric.
In business, efforts have been made to develop the ecology of the new lithium energy industry, from cobalt nickel resource development, green smelting, trinity drivers and positive materials to resource recycling and recycling. Western mining is the leading copper, lead, zinc ore producer in the country, and the company’s priority project is the expansion of the Yulong copper ore.
At the same time, the company’s ability to produce lithium magnesium from salty lakes, which benefits from the high-scenario cycle in the lithium industry, will increase its profits significantly. In the case of tungsten, we have selected the company’s tungsten industry, the tungsten industry, the tungsten industry, the tungsten industry, and the gold molten shares as possible.
The tungsten industry, which focuses on the three core business lines of tungsten, rare earth and lithium ion cell materials, is one of the world ' s largest processing companies for tungsten smelting products and one of the largest production bases for tungsten powder, and has a more competitive advantage in the areas of tungsten smelting, tungsten powdering, tungsten silk operations and hard alloying.
The new major operations with high levels of tungsten and tungsten include the development, development, production, sale and trade of non-ferrous metals such as hard alloys and tungsten, molybdenum, tantalum and zirconium, among others, which produced 13,000 tons of hard alloys in 2021, accounting for 27 per cent of domestic hard alloy production and ranked first in the world.
Gold molybdenum shares include molybdenum mining, mineral extraction, smelting, chemicals, metal processing, scientific research, trade integration, whole industry chains, high-quality molybdenum production technology at the world level, and molten smelting stoves, molten chemicals and molybdenum metals.
The copper gold business, which we have chosen as a comparable company, copper, mining, mining, mining, smelting and processing, has established a clustering, smelting, smelting, processing in copper and related non-ferrous metals.
The whole chain of industry is China’s important copper, gold, silver, and sulphur industry production base. By the end of 2021, 100% of the company’s holdings were approximately 8619,000 tons of copper metal, 278.5 tons of gold, 8138 tons of silver, and 200,000 tons of molybdenum. The company produced over 200,000 tons of copper concentrate each year, over 1.7 million tons of cathode copper, and the company and the holding shares.
The company Heng State shares over 70 tons of gold per year, and the bronze mausoleum is a large whole-chain copper production enterprise that collects copper, smelting, processing, trading as one. The main products are cathode copper, sulphuric acid, gold, silver, bronze and bronze straps. In 2021, the company produced copper.
5.26 million tons of mines, 1.6 million tons of cathode copper, 15.96 tons of gold, and 621.39 tons of silver and silver.
Indirectly, they hold a 100% interest in the Brazilian nml mine, which covers the exploration, mining, refining, processing and marketing of entropy ore, the main product being iron. We have chosen the cloudy phosphorus and phosphorous chemical industries, the Henchuan shares as comparable companies.
We weigh the company’s 2022 gross profit composition, which is 16 times the weighted average pere of comparable companies in the same industry in 2022, roughly the same as the company’s current average. The company owns such high-quality copper and cobalt mines as tfm, kfm, and is the world’s leading new energy metal producer, and the product market is more certain, with an appropriate margin of appreciation.
We have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods, and a combination of multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company based on certain assumptions.
the calculation of the free cash flow for several years, the calculation of the weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the comparative public optimism that led to the valuation
The selection of the Division's valuation parameters has been integrated into the judgement of many individuals, which has led to a high risk of bias in the valuation; and income, which may have led to a free cash flow calculation over the next 10 years due to optimistic estimates of the growth rate of corporate income and profits
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation.
(a) The risk-free interest rate of 2.8 per cent and the risk premium of 6.1 per cent is likely to remain the risk of an underestimation or undervaluation of the parameters, resulting in an overvaluation of the value of the Wacc calculation, resulting in an overvalued company;
(b) Relative valuation: we have adopted segment valuations based on the company's business, and we have selected value estimates from the head companies of related industries, most of which are more cyclical and may have some risk of valuation fluctuations.
We assume that the copper and cobalt prices will be $9,000 per ton and $400,000 per ton over the next three years, that the price of non-ferrous metals will fluctuate with the economic cycle, that companies can spread the risk of single metal price fluctuations across multiple metals, but that the copper and cobalt industry accounts for a larger share and that there is a risk of expected overperformance over the next three years.
We expect that with the construction and commissioning of the tfm mixed mining project, the volume of copper and cobalt sold by companies is expected to double, and that there is a risk of future overperformance if actual production is delayed and sales are below expectations.
By the end of 2021, more than 86% of offshore assets were subject to regulatory requirements under national laws and taxes. If regulatory requirements for national or regional laws and taxes of offshore subsidiaries were to change negatively in the future, they would make corporate coordination more difficult and risk operating.
Risks of safe production: The company is mainly engaged in mining processing and mineral trading, with a high priority given to construction of esg. The international esg is rated as a. . . with the same level of head mining companies as power, power and power. . . . . . . . . still faces risks of safe production, environmental protection, natural disasters, etc.
In addition to trade stocks outside China, inventories are initially measured at cost. Fluctuations in non-ferrous metal prices may result in losses in the company’s inventory prices.
Increases in short-term borrowings, transactional financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities have led to a significant increase in the size of the corporate debt The estimation of mineral resource reserves has been associated with a variety of factors, such as the complexity of mineral geology, the extent of mineral body control, the selection of technical indicators, and the choice of norms in different regions, or there has been a tendency to deviate from the original forecast results.
The company’s mining processing, mineral trading industry is influenced to some extent by national policies, which may pose an uncertain risk to the company’s operations as a result of changes in tax policies, environmental protection policies, etc. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author