The new product is on the market, the company president Jodji  glucose injection fluid and fat milk (10%) / amino acid (15%) / glucose (20%) injection fluid.
The company’s research and development capabilities were subsequently validated: according to pdb data, only the lotushealthcare of this approved product was sold. The company’s first marketed product, the amino glucose, was nutrientd with an intestine double cavity.
Bags. Fat milk (10%)/amino acid (15%)/glucose (20%) is used mainly for nutritional support for children and adults over the age of 2 who are unable or incompetent or forbidden for oral/intestinal feeding.
We believe that once the product of the Cullen pharmaceutical industry is on the market, the company can take over the country's market with its accumulated marketing experience in the field of fluids and its low-cost strategy to replace imports. Both products are listed in addition to confirming the company's research and development capabilities.
In addition, it will result in higher performance for companies, whose long-term development is to be expected. The fluid plate is stable, the raw materials are largely fully produced released, the company’s short-term performance increases, the annual income from the plate amounts to $7.6 billion, an increase of 26%.
With the restructuring of Cullen's product structure, the rate of income growth in all the infusion plates in 2018 will be maintained at the release and other competitors under environmental pressure to achieve full production, and we expect the Tronin I, Colen Pharmaceuticals (002422); imitation.
The pharmaceutical product has been approved for the company's research and development capacity, and the raw material has been fully produced and produced.
The company is now focusing on promoting the creation of a marketing team, and the new product can be marketed as quickly as possible. We believe that long-term companies still have better results.
3: "Collen Pharmacy Event Review: Parshay's long-term, so we maintain an “enhanced” rating. Sodium is approved, and Collon is the first to carry a heavy weight.
Risks, environmental risks, exchange rate risks, price reduction risks. 25 July, Collon Pharmaceuticals issued an announcement: corporate product, amino glucose injection and fat milk (10%)/amino.
The Acid (15%)/Glus (20%) injectable fluids have access to the drug register, both of which are the first products in the country to be produced at present. Our view is that the first drug has been approved and that the company ' s research and development capacity has been proven: the fluid is stable, the raw materials are basically fully produced, and the company ' s performance has increased.
1. The approval of the amino glucose injection fluid and fat milk (10 per cent)/aminoic acid (15 per cent)/glucose (20 per cent) injection fluids was followed by a re-certification of the research and development capabilities of the Department. The two products approved were the first in the country and the research and development level and strength of the company were again validated.
According to pdb data, only lotus healthcare is being sold in this approved product. The company's first marketed product is an intestine glucose, i.e. an intestine double cavity bag, for those who cannot, are inadequate or taboo in oral or intestine nutrients, which can produce or supplement nitrogen and reduce proteins.
Fat milk (10%) / amino acid (15%) / glucose (20%) is used mainly for children and adults over the age of 2 years who are unable to or incompetent or forbidden nutritional support via mouth/intestinal tract.
The product has grown steadily every year, at a rate of around 10 per cent. Our city currently has the largest producer, Wally Pharmaceuticals, followed by Faisunskaby, who is ranked third in the original study.
We believe that when the product of the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry is marketed, the company can take over the country’s market with its accumulated marketing experience in the area of fluids and low-price tactics, and achieve import substitution. In addition to once again confirming the company’s R & D strength, the listing of both products will also bring a growth in its performance, and the company’s long-term growth is to be expected.
Injection plates are stable, raw materials are largely fully produced, and short-term growth in company performance is guaranteed. In recent years, industrial concentration has increased significantly with the clean-up of small plants. In 2017, fluid plates generated $7.6 billion, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period. We believe that, with industry stability and the restructuring of Cullen's product structure, 2018
In April 2018, when the company's raw materials were successfully fully produced, and as the energy was released and other competitors were under pressure from the environment not to be able to fully produce, it was expected that Kawaning would make a profit of $550-7 million in 2018 and cash flow for the company's research and development of new medicines.
Companies now focus on the construction of a marketing team, and new products can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. We believe that long-term companies still have a better growth potential, and that we therefore maintain the risk of increased factor costs, lower profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risks, exchange rates.
Risks, drug price reduction risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee