Colen Pharmaceutical Industries (002422) The Trunchin Project has outperformed its performance, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is fully operational with three drivers.
Events: The company released its semi-annual performance report for 2018, which generated revenues of $7.79 billion, or 57.7 per cent, of the same year; the mother ' s net profit was $774 million, or 202.2 per cent, of the same year, while the company announced that it would receive a clinical batch of injected weights for the grouping of human platelets to produce the platinum-fc integrated protein.
The company’s fast track record shows a net return of -78 million yuan, an increase of 548 per cent over the same period, i.e. a net profit contribution of more than $200 million in one quarter. Up to $390 per kilogram, prices continue to rise in view of Ningxia’s environmental shutdown in July.
In the penicillin industry (a slight fall of 75 yuan, compared with 77.5 million yuan at the beginning of the year); and (b) the increase in the price of the major infusion + structural adjustment, with a steady and rapid increase in profit contributions: after deducting the raw materials, the net return of the company to the mother increased by 27 per cent over the same period, mainly in the form of growth in the performance of the large infusion plate, and in the form of similar companies.
A 45%-55% increase is reported in the Hining Medicines industry, which is also mainly due to the restructuring and price increases of large infusion products, and the upward trend in the front infusion industry, which is expected to continue at a faster pace for several years. With product R & D entering the harvest period, companies are expected to step up to become one of the pioneers of domestic generic + innovative drugs.
The company has been in the first line of research and development for many years. The company is working on nearly 400 products, and is expected to move to phase three by 2020. In the broader context of national incentives for innovation and improved quality of generics, the country is moving from a large country of generics to a large country of generics and innovations, and the company’s R & D profile is continuing to grow.
The result is expected to drive the company to become one of the leading manufacturers of generic and innovative drugs in the new era. This time, the re-organizing human platelet production of pelican-fc blended proteins was a biomocking drug with the United States company amgen, with a global sales of $640 million in 2017.
A billion-dollar heavy-volume product. Profit predictions and ratings. Given the higher expectations of the Trunchin project, we have a small upward profit forecast, which is projected to be the Colon Pharmaceuticals industry (002422); three drivers of full power.
Performance started with an outbreak in 2018 (2018-05-07) Loss risk: risk of below-performance due to the downside or price of the core raw materials of the Trunchin project: 2. Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422); Reheating of the main infusion + Trunchin
4. Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422): Large infusions and specialist medicaments
The outbreak (2017-08-30) did not occur as a result of, or as a result of, or as a direct or indirect result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.