The reported performance was consistent with expectations, and Kawaning's performance was driven by a high rate of growth, as well as by the concentration of generic pharmaceuticals.
Collon Pharmacy (002422) incident review
The Collon Pharmaceuticals industry issued a fast-track performance report, with companies achieving operating income of $7,792 million in January-June, an increase of 57.68 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $774 million, an increase of 202.17 per cent, compared with the previous year.q Company q2 Q2 operating income of $3.86 billion, an increase of 53.91 per cent, a net return
The company announced that the injection of recombinant human platelets to produce pyridium-fc blended protein was clinically available.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $7,792 million (+57.68%) in profits from profit contributions: Trunchin contributed $350 million, slightly overmarketed. In addition to Trunchin, we speculated that the profits from the infusion plate were close to $800 million.
1. The Collon Pharmacy (002422) incident review: Right Meto, right, and the completion of the relocation and disposal of Zhejiang in the first quarter of the year, which led to an increase in off-the-shelf income.
158 million, compared with 118 million in the same period last year, but the off-the-shelf expenditure also increased by 89 million, which is the sum of 2, the annual report of the Cullen Pharmaceutical Industry (002422) & a quarterly review: Molecular plates: the first and second quarters of the infusion plate are close to 400 million (Cypton IV).
A new round of incentives was opened, with a sharp increase in expectations in 2018 and three drug investment returns, with a continuation of the trend. Kawaning made $100 million in the first quarter and 2.5 business plates in the second quarter are expected to work at the same time.
Billion, we assume that the second quarter is fully productive and will continue to be active throughout the year. Formulation board 3, Coron Pharmaceuticals (002422), 2016, reports: the second quarter of industry is growing faster than the first quarter, mainly driven by old varieties, looking at new hairs in the second half of the year.
Performance points establish equity incentives to provide security, and research and development cuts across the East's financial and intellectual booms.
At the beginning of the year, Colon has been able to produce batches of metomicine, thorium phosphate, fat milk (10 per cent)/amino acid(15)/glucose (20 per cent) injection fluids, amino glucose injections (first of all) with a significant consistency assessment by the first user of Acetic Plan.
Columbo’s pseudo-pharmaceutical staircase team, which is the night before the eruption of the thin air, will be able to produce in the next 2-3 years a dense product that will also provide a new growth point for corporate formulation plates, fluid plates, and great elasticity in performance. The research and development capabilities of the Collen Institute are again proven, and the generics declared under the new regulations will be approved through a consistent evaluation, which in fact will be issued later.
In the future, the company will promote innovative drugs with generic drugs, covering a wide range of major domestic diseases, such as tumours and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrition, cardiovascular, neurotic, diabetes, and anaesthesia.
Table 2: Clinical varieties approved at the beginning of the year, sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and innovation companies are also accelerating, with Remo single antibiotic analogues, a166, kl1300008, kl2800006, recombinant at the beginning of the year.
The successful clinicalization of cellulose-fc-combined proteins, etc., led to research and output by Collon's drug research, imitating the good practices that drive innovation. Rings: At the same time, the successful overseas licensing of innovation patents and the introduction of the Middle-American double paper by the adc project marked a strong internationalization of Collon's drug research.
Starting in 2018, the core barriers of each of the company sections will gradually show competitive advantages, and in the future will benefit from environmental protection, consistent evaluation policies and priority. The Trunchin project will be fully resolved, with an expected profit of 600-80 million in 2018. The core competitiveness of Kawanin lies in the difference in the price of raw materials, the largest fermenting tanks in the world, and environmental advantages, especially environmental advantages. The core competitiveness of the Trunchin project, which continues to be profitable, lies in the stable high output of the colon process.
Cost reduction measures are being implemented: the country’s environmental protection is becoming more stringent. In 2018, 600-800 million dollars in profits are expected.
His intestinal nutrients and fluids were granted several varieties in 2017, adding up to Colon’s own major fluid channels with rapid release and a higher return on profits. Moreover, increasing the concentration of the whole infusion industry, with the strong’s long-standing locomotive effect, is expected to show strong performance in 2018.
The company’s fluid plate is stable, the Trunching project is losing, research and development is steadily advancing, and the formulation plate will be so resilient in the future. We judge that the company’s performance has reached the tipping point of 34x, 26x, and 21x, respectively.
Colum Pharmacy (002422): Reported performance meets expectations, Kawaning's performance drives super-high growth, i.e., the concentration of pharmaceuticals gets a lot of approvals, the source of Eastern financial booms.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant gives an overview of investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine, etc.
Its in-depth research and insights provide an analysis of its own research views.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.