The product of the formulation plate was placed on the market successively, and Tunning's volume contributed to the profits, which increased the efficiency of the infusion plate on 27 August 2018, and the company entered a period of rapid growth.
This represents an increase of 57.68 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $774 million, an increase of 202.17 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $720 million, an increase of 171,93 per cent in the same year; an operating income of $3,860 million in the second quarter, an increase of 53.93 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $391 million, an increase in the same year.
▪ Increased concentration in the fluid market has led to an increase in sales and product restructuring has led to an increase in the Māori rate: in the first half of the year, the Director achieved operating income of $4.702 billion, an increase of 48.25 per cent over the same period. The company has continued the process of softening the product, adapting the product structure in line with the concept of safe fluids and expanding it.
Soft plastics sales have increased further, with the higher MSM sales structure. As the product is restructured, the overall Māori rate of the fluid plate has increased further. In the first half of 2018, the raw material drug was able to achieve a rapid growth in full production in April: in the first half of the year, the company achieved business income for Trunchin.
With 1.645 billion yuan, an increase of 69.69 per cent over the previous year, and a profit of 350 million yuan, an increase of 548.06 per cent over the same year, Kawaning was fully productive in April, and with the release of capacity and other competitors under environmental pressure, we expect that Kawaning will become public in 2018.
The Division contributes $550-70 million to the cash flow of the company ' s new drug research and development.  The growing product of the company ' s formulation plate will effectively boost performance over the long term: sales of the company ' s three core non-refusion agent products will continue to grow and non-revenue formulation products will generate sales revenue
13.56 billion yuan, an increase of 73.09 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, revenues from the sale of plastic water needles increased over the same period. 1 January 2018 - 15 August 2018 - 1 clinical declaration for Collon's innovative drugs, 5 clinical batches for cfda innovations, 1 clinical batch for fda innovations; imitation of medicines
The forecasted net profit increase of 202 per cent exceeded expectations, 15 declared production and 10 approved production, of which 9 were obtained for the production of generic drugs.
Modified as 3), oral solid formulation consistency evaluation batch 1 (Acetic Acid Plan sustained growth period 2018-08-022, Collon Pharmaceuticals (002422): imitation
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect the company to be a net owner of the company from 2018 to 2020, with new products on the market, and future heavy loads. The company now focuses on promoting the creation of a sales team, and when new products are on the market.
We think long-term companies still have a better growth, and we maintain an “uptake” rating because the pharmaceutical product has been approved for research and development by successive certification companies.
Capabilities, raw materials to achieve full production-led performance $3.86 billion in operating income during the single season, an increase of 53.93 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers of $391 million, an increase of 515.45 per cent over the same period; net profit for non-patrimony of $396 million, an increase of 377.75 per cent over the same period.
The increase in the concentration of the fluid market has led to an increase in sales, the restructuring of products has led to an increase in the Māori rate, and the total capacity of the entire liquid market has remained largely stable and has been reduced slightly. As the concentration of the liquid product market has increased further, small-scale plants have continued to clear up, and the sales of large-scale liquid products have increased.
This has led to an increase in the volume of liquid products sold, the company ' s revenue from the first half of the year was $4.702 billion, which is an increase in the same volume. The company continues to move forward with the process of softening its products, adapting its product structure to the concept of safe fluids, expanding the sales of soft plastics, high Maori soft products, and increasing its sales structure.
The overall Māori rate has increased further. In the first half of 2018, the Māori rate of the fluid plate reached 70.05%, compared to the same period last year. 2.2. The raw material drug achieved a rapid growth in full production performance in April.
This is an increase of 548.06%. Kawaning was fully productive in April, and, with the release of capacity and other competitors under pressure not able to achieve the price increase of the product that will result from the completion of production, we expect Kawaning to make a profit for the company by 2018, amounting to 550-70 million, and cash flows for the company ' s research and development of new medicines.
2.3. Growing volume of corporate formulation products, which will effectively boost performance over the long term The sales of the company ' s three core non-revenue formulations continued to grow, with a revenue of 1.356 billion yuan from non-revenue formulations, an increase of 73.09 per cent over the same period.
The income from sales of Tianshuhin (rehabilitation of new liquids) increased by 45.68 per cent. 1 Köln Innovative Drug Declaration Clinic, 1 January 2018 - 15 August 2018, 5 cfda-initiated clinical batches, 1 fda-inventive drug clinical batch; 15 generic drug declarations,
10 batch productions, of which 9 were obtained for imitation drug production (pixed 3) and 1 for consistency in oral solid formulation production (the first film on Acetic Acid was approved).clinictrail's website showed that the company's anti-coupled drug a166 was in the U.S.A. on 26 July 2018.
There are only four internationally approved products for IUD drugs, of which Mylotarg and Besponsa have no sales data because they were approved for 2017. But, as we can see from the international sales of adcetris and kadcyla, their market space is wide.
The first U.S.-American anti-coupled drug in the country. Our U.S.A.A. drug market is wide, Colon's development is progressing faster, and, with the U.S. application for a clinical trial in i/ii, the growth in our performance is worth a period of 2.4. The company's efficiency gains boosted the net interest rate.
In addition to the low- and high-speed factors associated with the two-vote system, we believe that the incremental scale effect of the company’s fluid plate increase in the volume of preparations and ingredients has been significant. Apart from low- and high-speed factors, the increase in the efficiency of the company is reflected directly in net interest rates.
Corporate management costs have remained stable and sales rates have risen significantly. We believe that the increase in corporate sales costs is largely due to the "two votes" policy. At the same time, companies have increased their sales end-user development, and market maintenance costs have increased significantly.
The company now focuses on the creation of a marketing team, new products that can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. We think long-term companies are still better growing, so we can make a difference.
Increased risk of factor cost escalation, loss of profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risk, exchange rate risk, drug price reduction risk.