The reported high performance growth is in line with expectations.
Colen Pharmaceuticals published its semi-annual report for 2018, which generated operating income of $7,792 million in the first half of 2018, an increase of 57.68 per cent in the same year; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of $774 million, an increase of 202.17 per cent in the same year.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies less non-recurring gains and losses is $396 million, an increase of 377.75 for the same year.
The impact of the system was largely due to the restructuring of the fluid plate, the expansion of sales of soft plastic products, high-end replacements at the lower and lower end, higher-meat replacements for low-māori, higher nutritional treatments, and higher-māori product marketing structures. Optimization of the product structure has increased companies.
Profits contribute, production management is streamlined, production costs are reduced, and Māori contributions are increased. Kawanino's full production drives high performance growth: major products such as sulfur red and penicillin have made significant progress through continuous process optimization, high-end talent introduction, and production levels have improved significantly, and sales revenues have increased significantly.
Non-infusion formulations have continued to grow: non-infusion formulations have achieved sales revenue of 1,356 million yuan per year, an increase of 73.09 per cent over the same period; from a product point of view, priority varieties such as the company Coreshu (sodium Pareschab), Dot (11 per cent) glucose injection fluids, acetyl amino amino acid (18) were produced in 2017.
In the amount of $28.27 million, Dot realized sales revenue of $22.97 million, Domónte earned sales income of $9.9 million, and Paolóte realized sales income of $8.63 million (104.1 per cent); plastic water needle sales revenue increased by 130.77 per cent over the same period; and Tian Shu Xin, who sold hundreds of millions of dollars (Kang, from the point of view of profit contribution: Kawaning contributed $350 million, slightly out of market expectations). With the exception of Kawaning, we split loosely, and the infusion plate contributed profit.
Nearly 800 million (70 million profit from investment in four meths), 20-30 million profit from the formulation plate, 500 million investment in research and development (390 million at a cost), and 159 million increase in off-the-shelf income due to the completion of the relocation and disposal of Zhejiang National subsidiary in the first quarter of the year, but an increase in out-of-business expenditure of 125 million, with a net overall increase of about 34 million.
On a quarterly basis, q1 and q2 performed at $383 million and 391 million, respectively, and in the first and second quarters of the fluid plate, profits were close to 400 million (the proceeds of the four-pumped drugs) and the trend continued at a high rate of increase. Kawaning earned 100 million in the first quarter and 250 million in the second quarter, and we assumed that the second quarter was fully productive and would continue to be active throughout the year. The second quarter of the formulation plate grew faster than the first quarter, driven mainly by older varieties, and looked at the power of the new product in the second half of the year.
The financial costs have increased from $245 million to $306 million over the same period last year, the increase in the use of finance, changes in exchange rates and the continuing rise in market interest rates.
Starting in 2018, the company’s core barriers will gradually show a competitive advantage, and will benefit from environmental protection, consistency evaluation policies, and priority.
The core competitiveness of the Trunchin project, which continues to be profitable, is the steady high output of the Cullen process; Cost reduction measures are being implemented: the country’s environmental environment is becoming more stringent. In 2018, 600-800 million profits are expected.
Carvin’s first imitation and double-room bags, as well as several varieties of his intestinal nutrients and fluids, which were approved in 2017, added up to Colon’s own large infusion channels in rapid release and higher profit returns. Then increased concentration in the entire infusion industry, with the strong’s persistent champion effect, the big infusion plates are expected to show strong performance in 2018.
The formulation plates are growing fast. Rehabilitating the new fluids and the acetic acetic acids is growing fast. Variety, such as sodium Parish, is expected to grow fast in 2018, and colen, with imitation-led innovation, will have dozens of generics approved in 2018-2019 as the core of the innovation product and will achieve high performance growth at this stage.
2. The company ' s concentration of generic pharmaceuticals in the first half of the year, which is constantly exceeding expectations, has entered the harvest period. Since 2013, research and development has reached over $3.248 billion, and the Collon Institute is gradually entering the harvest period. As of 15 August 2018, the company had 443 projects under development in a category: 348 imitators (of which 113 were evaluated consistently), 17 ndds, 41 innovative small molecules,
37 biomagnostics, 41 cases approved and 38 cases to be produced. 1 clinical statement for Collon Innovative Medicines, 5 cases for cfda Innovative Medicines and 1 case for fda Innovative Medicines, as of 15 August 2018; 15 cases for imitation of medicines declared and 10 cases approved, of which 9 cases for imitation drug production (first 3 items),
An oral solid formulation consistency evaluation of production batch 1 (the first user of the acetic accelerates was approved). The innovative adc project launched a bed test study in the same period in Central America, marking the official internationalization of Collon’s clinical research.
The research and development capacity of the Collon Institute has again been validated, and the new regulations have approved generic medicines that have been declared through a consistent evaluation, which in fact has a backward advantage. The company’s future role is to promote innovative drugs with generic drugs, covering neoplasms and assistive drugs, bacterial infections, intestinal nutrients, cardiovascular, neuropsychology, etc.
There are a number of major diseases in the country, such as diabetes, anaesthesia, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In addition, innovation companies are accelerating their progress. Early in the year, the successful overseas licensing of innovation patents and america reporting of innovative adc projects marked the internationalization of Colin's drug research.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the solidity of the fluid plate, the failure of the Trunchin project, the steady progress of research and development, and the elasticity of the future of the formulation plate. We judge that the point of success of the company is now 34x, 26x, and 21x, respectively.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
Investing opportunities like internationalization. Research with a Ph.D.-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially with regard to chemicals, medicine internationalization, in-depth research and unique insights.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.