Performance forecasted a higher than expected rate of net profit growth of 202 per cent, a faster pace of pharmaceutical research and development, a more sustainable growth of companies, a rapid increase in full production of raw materials in April, a steady stream of fluids, and a full year of company activity.
The performance rate is likely to increase: the company achieved revenues of $1.645 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 69.69 per cent in the same year; the profit of $350 million, an increase of 548.06 per cent in the same year. With the completion of the production of Kawaning in April, with the release of capacity and other competitors under stress from the environment, we expect that production will not be fully realized.
Kawaning is expected to contribute $550-70 million to the company ' s profits in 2018 and to the company ' s research and development of new medicines. The concentration of the industry has increased significantly with the clean-up of small plants in recent years. In 2017, the income of the plate was $7.6 billion, an increase of 26 per cent.
The company’s research and development capabilities have been gradually validated. From the beginning of 2018 to the present, the company obtained four products for the production of batches, namely, right-wing metonite, and zolpidem.
ricin acid, fat milk/amino acid/glucose injection fluids and amino acid/glucose injection fluids; acetic acetic acids, Xi Xi Xi Plán, have passed an evaluation of generic drug consistency. As company products are listed successively, company anti-couples a166 have been officially tested in the United States for i/ii.
There are only four internationally approved products on the market, of which Melotarg and Besponsa in Pfizer have no sales data because they were listed in 2017. But, as we can see from the international sales of adcetris and kadcyla, their markets are vast.
The U.S.A.P.D. is the fastest-growing drug of the former U.S.A.A.A.A. is the first U.S.-American and Chinese-American combination of anti-supplier drugs in the country. Our U.S.A.P.D. has a wide market space, and Collon's research and development is progressing faster, and has applied through the U.S. I/ii clinical trial.
1. The Cullen Pharmacy (002422); imitation of the results of successful marketing in our country is expected to increase in performance.
"The long-term development of the company is expected."
The company is now focusing on the construction of a marketing team, and the new product can be marketed as quickly as possible, making a faster profit. We believe that long-term companies still have a better score,3 and the Karen Pharmacy Performance 2017 report.
Longitude, so we maintain an “enhanced” rating.
Risks, environmental risks, exchange rate risks, drug price reduction risks. 31 July 2018 Company released the 2018 semi-annual performance report: revenue of $7,792 million, a year-on-year increase.
Rich, the company reported higher than expected performance. The raw material medicine was rapidly growing in April, the fluid plate was stable, the company was growing year-round, and the company was earning 1,645 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 69.69 per cent, and the profit of 350 million yuan, a gain of the same amount.
With Kawaning's completion in April, and with the release of capacity and the pressure of other competitors to do so, we expect to contribute $550-70 million to the company in 2018, with the company's new infusion plates increasing significantly with the clean-up of small plants in recent years.
$7.6 billion, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period. We believe that, with the increase in the return on investment in quartz, the stability of the industry, the restructuring of the Köln product structure and the growth brought about by the first quarter of the flu outbreak, we assume that in the first half of 2018, the income of the fluid plate increased, the product of the corporate formulation plate was gradually enriched and will effectively boost performance growth over the long term.
From the beginning of the year to the present, the company has obtained four products for the production of batches, namely: right-wing metomite, aphidic acid, fat milk, amino acid/glucose injection, and amino acid/glucose injection fluids: Acetic Xipram for herbic acid has passed a consistent evaluation of generics.
According to Clinictrail’s website, the company’s anti-coupled druga166 was active in the United States on July 26, 2018 for i/ii clinical trials. There are only four internationally approved products of the anti-coupled drug, of which Mylotarg and Besponsa in Pfizer have no sales data because they were released in 2017.
The first U.S.-American anti-coupled drug in the country. We have a wide market for anti-coupled drugs, Colon's research and development, and, through the U.S. application for the i/ii clinical trial, it's worth an increase in our performance after we've been marketed successfully.
Companies now focus on the construction of a marketing team, and new products can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. We believe that long-term companies still have a better growth potential, and that we therefore maintain the risk of increased factor costs, lower profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risks, exchange rates.
Risks, drug price reduction risk. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee