In a highly regulated environment in 2018, the Bank continued to restructure for the second quarter, returning to its loan account.
Source. Despite the downside of the company ' s non-performing loan rate for the second quarter, the asset quality performance is yet to be further observed, and the level of coverage provided by the outside company for the second quarter is below regulatory requirements and there will be greater pressure on the provision in the future.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of the Bank increased by 1.43 per cent and the income decreased by 1.32 per cent. The net interest income fell by 0.98 per cent, with net interest income increasing by approximately 1.98 per cent in the first half of the year, if the impact of the changeover of accounting standards is reversed; the net interest income increased by approximately 1.98 per cent in the first half of the year; and the fees.
The company’s two-quarter credit cost fell by 58bp to 1.79% on a year-on-year basis, leading to a net profit increase that was continuously adjusted from the negative structure before the provision, with a two-quarter interest gap. At the end of the asset, the company’s two-quarter size puts upward pressure on the end-of-the-life cost.
The interest-bearing liability cost ratio is 6 bp above, and the interest-bearing asset rate of return for two quarters is added to the lower of the two-quarter net interest-rate differential ratio of 9 bp below. In the second half of the year, we believe that the downside of market-financed interest rates will help to ease the upward cost pressure on the Poiau liability, with expected interest differentials stable.
The rate of non-performing loans dropped by 7bp to 2.07% in the second quarter of the quarter, the proportion of loans of concern decreased by 8bp to 3.21% at the beginning of the year, and the rate of annual negative growth of write-offs, which was about 2.35% after 90 days, was higher than that of the industry.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment advisory business The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality and financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
It's a negative expectation of the quality of the company's assets.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of the Bank increased by 1.43 per cent over the same period, up by 1 quarter (-1.09 per cent). The company recorded a decrease of 1.32 per cent in the first half of the year, with net interest income declining by 0.98 per cent over the same year, and net interest income increased by approximately 1.98 per cent over the previous half year if the impact of the conversion of accounting standards were to be realized; and fees and fees decreased by 17.8 per cent over the same year, and fees and fees decreased by 17.8 per cent as a major factor affecting the growth rate.
Half-yearly, the bank card income increased by 32.1% over the year, but, with the impact of regulation on finance-related operations, corporate hosting revenue fell by 45% over the year, delaying the performance of fees. Corporate credit costs fell by 58bp to 1.79% over the year, driving net profit gains from the pre-allocation period.
Quicker than peer assets (-15.2%, qoq) and portfolio investments (-2.57%, qoq). Retail loans grew faster than the money ring by 1.09% in the loan structure, with deposits rising further by 1.2 pct to 56.9% in the first quarter compared to the deposit structure, but fixed-term deposits accounted for 6 bp above the DSD 2 quarter cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities, adding the lower rate of return on two quarters of interest-bearing assets (-3 bp, qoq), making public
For the second half of the year, we believe that the downside of market interest rates will help to ease the pressure on the end-of-the-end cost of the liabilities of Pouphu Bank, which is expected to be stable for the second half of the year.
The bank stock of bad assets still needs to be absorbed further. The negative loan rate dropped by 7bp to 2.07% in the second quarter, the interest group loan rate fell by 8bp to 3.21% at the beginning of the year, and the loan/deficit loan over 90 days was generated at a higher overall level than the previous three percentage points to 89% at the beginning of the year. The fall in the company’s credit cost in the second quarter resulted in a decline in the provision coverage and loan allocation compared to the first quarter.
In a highly regulated environment in 2018, PWB continued its two-quarter restructuring to return to its loan base. Although the company’s two-quarter non-performing lending rate fell, its asset quality performance remained to be further observed. In addition, the company’s two-quarter coverage level was below regulatory requirements, open, high margin for valuation, and PWB’s increased rating was maintained.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the performance of the banking sector in terms of asset quality. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy in the follow-up process.2 Financial regulation is highly predictable. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of banking and off-the-shelf operations having been achieved, industry growth has slowed, and the “deleveraging” process has accelerated.
It is hoped that regulations will accelerate the fall of various regulatory documents. If strict regulations are tightened, industry’s business development may be limited, thus affecting the rate of net profit growth.