Biannual performance report 2023: net profit of q2 and research assistant Yang Wai-ging, 11/07/2023
▪ Corporate bulletin: A gas-free annual performance forecast for the year and a half of 2023, with a net return of profits to the home economy, a warmer commercial car market, short company performance, balanced market development, a growth trend in medium- and light cards, and a return of foreign exports to a record high in the same period.
The 2023h1 heavy card industry has achieved cumulative wholesale sales of approximately 476,000 vehicles (the June heavy card sales are estimated at 74,000), with the same ring ratio increasing by 25 per cent/+62 per cent respectively, mainly because of the lower base of the disease containment in the same country last year.
Overall wholesale sales of 2023h1 were estimated at 9.11 million, with the same ring ratio + 20 per cent/+83 per cent, and the ring-leading industry as a whole.
After that, the market business became a new blue sea for heavy-carrying firms, with a new emancipation and a strategic conference under the umbrella of technology, which is expected to be a commercial post-car market by 2025, leading to an upturn in the major-car industry, an optimal pace of transformation, and a high-speed trend for companies to keep pace with the country.
Market emancipation has strengthened its own heavy-card market and accelerated export layout abroad is expected to sustain high growth. Throughout 2023, we expect 880,000 bulk sales in the heavy-carat sector, of which 27,600 are exported (MCA calibres)/country, compared to 55 per cent/+29 per cent, respectively;
With a single blow to free the country, the strategic layout of globalization is accelerating, driving overall sales and export acceleration/electric additions, keeping in mind a two-way growth of profits. In addition, companies are undergoing a continuous process of electro-smart transformation around pure power/change and mixing.
External cooperation on technology routes such as combined power, fuel cells and the promotion of new energy products and the creation of differentiated product combinations covering specialized vehicles, dump trucks, trucks, etc.; intelligent logistics operations to create new business-for-profit models; and the creation of subsidiaries such as the Sioux State Bridge, enabling science and technology to speed up the digitalization of the city.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain a company with a gross operating income of 24/11/9 in 2023-2025. Given the company’s full chain coverage of commercial vehicles, new energy sources continue to thrive.
We believe that companies should enjoy a higher valuation premium and maintain a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMS), Dong Oo has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.