Sunshine Power (300274.sz) . 2023q3 performance is over-expected and profitability continues to increase. Sunshine Power released its three-quarterly report in 2023, and the company 2023q1-3 achieved operating income of 46.42 billion yuan.
Youy + 108.9 per cent net return of $7.22 billion, yoy + 25.5 per cent, net gain of $7.08 billion for non-mortality, the ability of the product to overlap with the strong branding effect is expected to remain at a high level of profitability, while the company’s growth has greatly expanded the market space for large storage markets in Europe, the United Kingdom and Australia, among others, and its storage capacity is expected to be maintained.
A steady increase in sales of light-voltage reversibles, a solid leader, a steady increase in corporate income, a rich product series, strong brand power, and a well-developed distribution channel that is a strong advantage of corporate reversion business to ensure high levels of Maori. Companies continue to add to Europe, America, and America.
Australia and its domestic channels have established over 370 service outlets worldwide. Meanwhile, companies continue to improve product layout at the end of the product, with high-power cluster inverters (sg320hx) and 1+x modular inverters (MGCs) widely used in a wide range of sites around the world, and 1+x modular inverters have accumulated more than 16gw worldwide.
"Performance expectations, PSL's well-established -- excellent storage product performance, remarkable market expansion in Europe and Australia, continuous innovation of company storage system products for multi-regional scenes, and maintenance of technology through product upgrading.
In addition, companies are actively expanding large storage markets in Europe, Australia, etc., to open up the Chinese-American reserve energy market.
In addition, the largest independent South Australian reserve, signed in 2023h1, ordered 138mw/330mwh, and the UK 825mwh reserve. As the cost of storage systems drops, regional markets in the Middle East, South-East Asia, and South America need to hope for sustained release, companies are expected to continue to increase their output as a global storage system.