The performance was higher than expected, and the profitability ring was higher than that of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which dropped by 1.07 per cent.
The annual price of the components has fallen, the demand for ground power stations has increased, and the sale of the company ' s reverse transformer has increased. The electricity conversion equipment, such as the PVVV, has received 11,625 million yuan, an increase of 83.54 per cent over the year; the shipment of 50gw, an increase of more than 60 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Corporate 1+x modular inverter, high power group inverter sg320hx is widely used in a wide range of global contexts, core competitiveness continues to be highlighted, brand influence continues to grow. Quality of storage improves, new products continue to be made more competitive.
Agile supply systems, from order orders, ready-to-delivery, have continued to improve, from R & D to on-site delivery capacity, reducing the workload of on-site construction, significantly increasing product delivery capacity, and significantly improving the profitability of company storage operations. In October, the company introduced Poweritan 2.0 configuration embedded pcs, and dry cell grid technology.
The system-wide design of LFR and allinone is designed to achieve direct flow integration for the world ' s first 100mwh-wide all-liquid cold storage system, to create more efficient, user-friendly, protective and safer products and to further improve product competitiveness.
Cost rates have been falling steadily and cost controls have been well under control. Due to the recovery-scale effect, company-period cost rates have fallen: 0.89 per cent in the first three quarters of 23 years, down by 0.63 pp from 22 years; sales cost forecasts and investment proposals: companies have fully benefited from the global invertor and storage systems, both within and outside the country.
The demand for light-voltage machines and storage energy has erupted, and the profitability has increased significantly. We have raised the profits forecast for 2023-2025, and the company is expected to maintain a "buy-in" rating of 56.77 per cent of its net profits over the next three years.
Sunshine Power (300274): Performance exceeded expectations and multiple operations went hand in hand (2023-05-04) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.