Wen-Sz, a large livestock industry, is expected to benefit from the return of the pig chicken cycle.
The main share-stock business, which is the production and sale of yellow pheasant and pig-bearing chickens, is the largest pheasant in the country, ranked second in terms of the size of the country's pig-planting and meat-breeding, and is an example of the industry that has succeeded in expanding the model of “corporate + farm-farming” farming.
From the return to warming in 20202, the company ' s profits recovered gradually, with a combined operating income of 55.874 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, representing an increase of 19.96 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of 686 million yuan, representing an increase of 107.07 per cent in the same year.
According to our re-entry of listed pigs, most companies benefit from the trend towards large-scale farming, which, according to us, lacks the confidence and financial base for a significant expansion, and the structure of the assets and liabilities of the scale enterprises has deteriorated significantly after the significant expansion of their production capacity in the previous period and the loss at the end of the weekly period; in terms of the target, the Win-Sung shares.
With the growth rate of the leading industries and the steadily declining cost of farming, it is expected to become the white horse mark of the current cycle, which is now a defining one. 2) The yellow chicken industry: the yellow-eating chicken cycle is warming, and the 2023 landscape is still strong. At the end of the supply, the surrogate is 11.86% lower than in the same period in 2019.
The year’s yellow chicken market is likely to remain tight in supply and demand, and yellow chicken farming is expected to remain at a better level of profitability. Companies’ point of view: business management continues to improve, with 2023 or more. Specifically: 1) Farming patterns continue to upgrade and cost improvement space opens up further.
The core competitiveness of the “corporate + farm” model, with the combined cost of 2022q3 pig farming at about 8.3/kg, is excellent in cost-control. In addition, the company continues to upgrade to the “corporate + farm + farm” model, improving the scope for future cost improvements or will be greater, and is expected to return to a pre-infested industry leader.
" Winch shares (300498.sz) - 2022 semi-annual review: the cost of live pigs has steadily decreased, " Winch shares (300498.sz) 2021: marginal improvement in pig business " , " Winch shares - 300498 - 2021 fast review: twin rounds of pig and yellow chicken production "
Not to mention the 18 million and 26 million people, who are expected to continue to grow at a high rate; in addition, the company is well-funded and has diversified sources of financing, which is expected to guarantee its rapid expansion.
Company profile: The country's large livestock-raising enterprises, with strong industrial headlines. Wen's main business is the production and sale of chicken and pig-breeding, the largest industry in the country, and ranked second in terms of the size of pig-breeding and pork-breeding in the country. In the main business of chicken and pig-breeding, the main business is that of chicken and pig-breeding.
Supported by the horizontal expansion of the company ' s operations such as ducks, milk, eggs and chickens and pigeons, which basically completes the industrial layout of integrated farming, covering seedlings, fertility, feed, livestock equipment and veterinary medicine production, the company is now accelerating vertically the processing of downstream slaughtering foods and the sale of fresh foods in order to counteract the cyclical fluctuations in the chicken-pig farming industry.
By the end of 2021, the company had reached more than 20 provinces and 10,000 people in the country. According to the company's August 2022 announcement, the target for 2022 was 18 million pigs.
Right, 36 per cent more than expected in the same year, with the number of registered pigs expected to rank second, after herds; current operating income of 55.874 billion yuan, an increase of 19.96 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of 686 million yuan, an increase in the same amount; and chickens, pigs, ducks, gooses, pigeons, etc.
A well-developed system of breeding techniques and a rich stock of variety materials, with a flag on which to select the national core breeding grounds for chickens, a national breeding base for chickens, a national plant for animal disease purification, and a national research and development programme.
The Wenhouse food processing business, consisting of animal slaughter deep processing and dairy processing, is a demonstration of poultry farms, national core pig breeding grounds, following traditional production processes, introducing internationally advanced production lines, each of which is shut down through layers, and introducing “standardized production,”
Modern production logistics distribution model for cold-chain transportation, cold-chain sales.” Wen livestock farming is supported by pig-raising, chicken-raising, duck-raising, cattle-raising, pigeon-raising, etc., mainly using the company-family farm model.
One of the main types of production operating throughout the chain, with the Wen-Wing 1 in China and the Wun-Ws 501 in Pigs, among others, as well as the raw food chain, which is a link to the Wen-Wing food development business.
The town operates mainly in the country's second-line cities, where the community has a chain of chains, a whole lot of meat, and a chain of “wendish” products.
Wenster biopharmaceuticals are made up of three main components, including avian flu vaccines, blue ear vaccines, aquatic vaccines, and veterinary pharmaceutical preparations.
(b) Feed additives include multi-purpose feed additions, such as natural plants and extracts, and fermented soybean operations.
Financial investment operations include industrial investment and mergers and acquisitions, and financial investment operations, managed by the Investment Management Department, with the full advantage of the market, forming a platform to promote resource integration and to help keep pace
Wen's farm equipment operations integrate global livestock equipment resources, build an industrial chain cycling for clients, design farm planning, civil engineering, equipment manufacturing and procurement, and produce goods.
Networked environmental control, environmental treatment, farming services, production of farm racks, poultry farming equipment, farm consumables, automated excreta systems, automated feeding systems, automated environmental control systems, etc.
In 1987, the first director of Wen-Wing, the Wen-Hing, the Wen-Hing, Wen-Hing, Wen-Hing, Wen-Hing, Wen-Hing, Wen-Hing, Wen-Sung, and Wen-Sung.
Seven families, eight of whom voluntarily entered the stock market, raised $8,000 to lead the establishment of the larvae livestock jointing company and renamed it the lumber chicken farm. In 1986-1989, in keeping with the entrepreneurial objective of “for the benefit of workers, for the benefit of society, for the benefit of technology,” the chicken farm was transformed from home-grown self-employment to a socialization service system. In 1989, the domestic chicken market was deep.
Weakness, in the interest of the family, the chicken farm, in the form of insurance against chicken farmers for the recovery of chickens, created the prelude to the company-farmer model, which followed the Winch model. After almost 40 years of growth, the company has become one of the largest pheasant-breeding companies in the country, selling 1,001 million chickens in 2021.
The company has successfully replicated the chicken industry into pig-breeding, and the subsidiary, the Chinese farmer, has been on the market. After more than a decade of exploration of the “public + farm” model, the company has replicated the chicken industry into pig-breeding, and developed a pig-breeding scheme at the beginning of the millennium.
In 2004, the group developed the second five-year development plan (2005-2009) for the pig industry, which expanded to over 4 million pigs in five years, including more than 3 million registered meat pigs and 1 million covered by the sale of pigs. In 2011, the company ' s subsidiary, Taihua, started a business in Shenzhen.
In 2013, the first male pig of all-genetic selection was born in the Wines Group, with 10 million meat pigs on the market in the same year, ranking first in the industry. The company absorbed the merger of the farmers of the Great Wall to market the entire business board, accelerating the integration of the livestock industry chain.
During the year, the Winch stock swap took on the merger of the Greater Hua farmers as the leading agricultural leader in the market of the business board at the time, and since then, with the support of the pigs and chicken owners, the company has been supporting the development of complementary operations such as seedlings, fertility, feed, livestock equipment and veterinary medicine production to speed up the expansion of downstream operations such as slaughtering, food processing, fresh sales, etc.
The transition from traditional farming enterprises to food enterprises has been gradual, with the establishment in 2014 of the Wenzhou livestock industry, the establishment in 2015 of the first Wen’s home shop in Shenzhen Dynasty Square, and the official launch of the Wen’s food brand in 2018. In 2015-2021, the company’s operating income grew steadily, at 5.1% in Cagr.
Corporate governance: The culture of sharing is based, family enterprises are modern business management, corporate equity structures are fragmented and stable. The company’s equity structure is fragmented, with no single shareholder of more than 5% before and after listing.
16.74% of the total stock stock of the company. By the end of the third quarter of 2022, the share of the company ' s largest shareholder was 3.97%, while the rest of the Winchester family members held no more than 3% and the shareholding remained stable.
The company created a full-share mechanism to fully mobilize the subjective dynamics of its employees. At the start of the start of the business, the Wines Group came with the genes of “shared.” In 1990, the Ligang chicken farm introduced a joint-stock system of employee holdings, issuing 10,000 shares of 100 yuan each, mainly for cadres and cadres.