Tianfu Communications (300394) 2019 semi-annual report stocktaking, 2nd quarter performance priority, leading to a profitable performance. 13 August 2019
Wei Hongmei now earns $249 million in operating income, an increase of 20.14 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity is 77 million over the same period; the company performed well in the second quarter of the year. On 10 July 2019, the company released its performance in the first half of 2019.
In the first half of 2019, the company is expected to achieve a net return profit of 73 million yuan - 82 million yuan, with the company performing well in the second quarter of the year. In the second quarter of 2019, the company achieved business income of 137 million yuan, an increase of 26.68 per cent, and a net return of 43 million yuan, an increase of 61.60 per cent.
In the first half of 2019, the net cash flow of the company was 51 million yuan, and in the first half of 2019, the company received better returns. The company’s performance in the first half of the year continued to grow mainly because of sequesters and cables.
Several new product lines, such as connectors and osa, increased production capacity and revenue during the reporting period, while corporate overseas market sales continued to grow at a high rate. Rapid growth in performance enhanced corporate profitability.
Continuing upswings in corporate performance led to higher corporate profitability. In the first half of 2019, Māori sales were 53.97 per cent, an increase of 5.26 percentage points in the same year, and net sales interest rates were 31.17 per cent, a decrease of 0.04 percentage points in the same year as management costs (including R & D rates); and financial costs were higher than in the same year.
In the first half of 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications continued to benefit from a light device demand outbreak in the 5g era. According to the 5g technical structure, the 5g network will be constructed differently from the 4g, and there will be an increased demand for primary equipment and transmission facilities.
And, on the other hand, with the outbreak of data flows, the market demand for cloud computing, the rapid development belt of cloud computing operations, the increase in data centre construction. The light module, as the primary instrument of the data centre, benefits from the next generation.
The company is the industry’s leading program of vertical integration of high-end non-sourced devices, suppliers, high-speed light device encapsulations of odm/oem manufacturers. The company’s products are widely used in the areas of telecommunications, digital data centres, and material networking. The company provides industry with integrated lightware solutions in 5g.
Investment proposal: maintain the recommended rating. With the increase in demand for optical devices in the 5g and data flow surges, the Department is expected to benefit as a provider of industry-integrated lightware solutions. Therefore, maintain the recommended rating.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.