Eusenian Homes (603833): Everyone in strategy, fast-tracking, retail mass simultaneous energy, Euroland Homes.
Customized whole-house designs, R & D, production, marketing, etc., closets, holistic baths and custom-made wooden doors.
Installation services. The company owns the base of the manufacture of internationalized household products, with the entire cabinet leading to the development of the industry, earning $4.801 billion, or +21.72 per cent, of the total annual income of the major businesses.
This includes house-wide customization, closets, baths, wooden doors, wallpapers, kitchen appliances, bedding etc., forming a diversified industrial complex + 36.94%; of this, q4 earned $1.038 billion, i.e. 21.93%.
The company's number of points and the ability of its distributors to lead the industry is strong in the traditional distribution channels, and the Department has been able to leverage the growth of retail operations: 1) Reassembly has entered the fast track of development this year, with over $2 billion in billings and more than 90% in product categories: the closet business has grown in size
...the boundaries of the product range have been expanded to software, appliances: 3) to expand the brand matrix: a young Euphoria brand with revenues of over $1.4 billion in 2021, with an increase of over 65%, and a high-end Phoenicus that continues to grow. On a large scale of business, companies use agent models and strict customer screening controls.
Total equity/flowa unit (millions) Risk: through deeper strategic client cooperation, penetration of home-dressing operations, dynamic country support works, etc.
So the bulk of the company’s business is growing revenue without the risk of credit erosion, given the slowdown in real estate sales and the pressure to pay back. We believe that the company’s multi-product production is efficient, productive, and well controlled, with a strong marketing capacity, helping it to stay ahead of the change in its channels.
The strategy is moving fast, and the border is expanding. 1) Income categories, 1) closets and accessories, 10,172 million yuan, or +49.53%, are in business.
For the first time in 2021, the furniture household was combined with the closets. 2) The container business generated $7,529 million, i.e. +24.23 per cent; of this amount, q4 earned $2,134 million, i.e. +10.50 per cent. 3) For baths, wooden doors, closets, there were 77 to 2201 more doors, and there was a simultaneous expansion of operations through multiple channels; the cabinets were classified.
It extends to space customization to boost product strength with the environmental concept of space ellipsics, to drive rapid growth in closets and other wooden doors and furniture. In cabinets, there are 52 to 2,459 more doors, and they are active in cleaning channels, promoting integrated kitchen models, and successfully managing the bulk slowdown.
s14805210001 after retail end, maintaining double-digit growth in cabinets and consolidating championships. In addition, wooden doors benefit from a high increase in the pull of multi-channel development and continue to raise brand power through publication: the bathhouse is fast.
Expanding 217 to 805 in order to advance the whole-of-the-art custom model and to complete the development of the bulk-of-the-blank channel. s14805521080005 self-researched caxa home design software for the integrated design and sale of the entire housespace.
The company, based on the basics of goods, such as cabinets, closets, etc., continues to drive the development of other goods and expands the boundaries of the goods, mainly because of rising prices of raw materials and changes in product structure. Prices of major raw materials are on average this year.
The impact on the Māori rate as a whole is manageable. The share of low-māori wood doors and apparel packages increases the overall Māori rate, but costs are invested in the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity, mainly because of the sale of the packages.
Demand is low, and therefore changes in product structure have less impact on net interest rates. Corporate sales/management rates of 1.00 pct/-0.98 ct, respectively, have declined and reached historical lows, and companies are still in the vanguard of the industry in the face of cost pressures of 0.95 pct. We believe that companies have strong cost-control capabilities and significant economies of scale.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: we look forward to the company’s continued strength through new channels, such as dressing, bulk, etc.: based on the niche cabinets, which continue to drive other groups of goods to develop at a high rate and widen the boundaries of the class.
Innovation and product growth are mutually reinforcing, driving companies to grow. The company is expected to return to its motherland in 2022-2024.
Liu Tanda, Changko Kit, research assistant brief.
Shen Chong Lian is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Europe's home (603833) is moving fast, and retail is doing well.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.