The Europas (603833.sh) performed well in the first quarter of 2022, dressed up as a full-scale strike.
Light-work manufacturing and household goods, Ding Xijie, a 3.9 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from non-return to the mother, 234 million yuan in the same year, a 12.0 per cent increase in the same year.
Nintendo Light Work: 1) We are fast-growing performance under the strategy, cost rates are constantly improving, profit rates are falling mainly as a result of the rapid growth in low Māori income; 2) channels are well-placed, with full-scale attacks. The Euros have spent eight years starting with the initial layout, and are seen to be damaged; systemic risks; 4) investment proposals: corporate q1's revenue-earning performance under the epidemic remains high, and we value corporate performance.
Stability and growth. Firms have a strong competitive edge as industry leaders, especially in the Europeans, which now displays a strong competitive advantage in retail dressing and dressing, which pre-empts business; on the other hand, they have a fast-growing size and are expected to help companies in the future to become more efficient, less expensive and more aggressive by borrowing the product, channel, brand advantage of their own industry.
For its long-term sustained growth, we maintain the scope for further growth. For the period 2022-2024, income is projected to increase at a sharper rate than for the period 2022-2024, and profit margins are expected to decline mainly as a result of the rapid growth of low-morigin income. 2022q1 income gains are expected to increase at a sharp rate. Companies achieve operating income of $4,144 million, an increase of 25.6 per cent compared to the 25.6 per cent; the net return to the mother is $253 million.
This represents a 3.9% increase; net profit excluding non-mortality of $234 million, an increase of 12.0% over the same period. The same rate - 0.1 to 4.9% drops in the cost of sales as a result of a significant increase in the unit value of people living under the strategy and a drop in the cost of inflow to customers.
The larger decline in Māori is due mainly to: 1) the higher share of low Māori accessories, affected by promotion and structural changes in products; 2) prices, which have not been increased in a synchronized manner in the short term, in line with the cost additions of previous years; and 3) the higher prices of raw materials.
The Europeans have continued to create multiple channels, and the full range of channels has been launched. The closets (the whole house is custom-made) contain packages, electric appliances, home appliances, and multi-channels, with full access; and the cabinets are being prepared, distributed, integrated kitchens with multiple layouts, with strong access advantages, and lead the development of the entire channel.
The year 2021 was the fourth year in which the leaders took the lead, and the year in which the Europeans took the lead, with annual bill performance increasing by more than 90%.
There are currently two models for the preparation of the Euros: one is a complete-in-house, in cooperation with thousands of complete-out dealers, divided into two brands: “Europeans”, “Star House”, with two wings, and three ways: 1) upgrading the existing big store: upgrading a small area of stores to include fit-out, soft-loading elements. Dealers don't need to invest in them, but they are low-cost.
More than 100 cities have been built. A store, which is expected to cover 50-80 cities this year, is a square metre. Shops are invested by Euro-based investment holdings, equity participation, or entirely by distributor companies.
Europa, eight years after the initial layout, is now far ahead of the market and has become a systemic force with significant advantages. Investment advice: keep the “buy-in” rating on top of the company’s vanguard.
There is a strong competitive advantage, particularly in the Europeans, where firms are now retailing and dressing in order to get ahead of business; and in the fast-growing size of the plastic industry, where the Europeans, thanks to the product, channels, brands and advantages of their own industry, are expected to assist companies in improving the efficiency of their visitors and reducing their costs, while at the same time generating rapid growth in more categories of goods for long-term sustainability.
Growth further widens space. The epidemic has been repeated; competition has deteriorated; brand images have been damaged; systemic risks have been reported in the Europoles - 603833-2020 report and a quarterly review: net profits have been over-expected, product structure optimized and channel layout has been shown to be effective.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them