Euroside Homes (603833): A quarter of income, over-expected, retail business advantage, Euroland Homes.
Events: The company issued a quarterly report in 2022, with operating income of $4,144 million, or +25.60 per cent; the return of the mother, retail sales, which are expected to grow over time, mostly on a stable basis. According to the distribution of revenues, retail operations generated 3,346 million service providers.
Individualized design, R & D, production, marketing and business over-expected growth of household products, such as closets, holistic baths and custom wooden doors
Installation services. The company owns 77% of the base for the manufacture of international home-based products; 2) product-based expansion: the closet business has a size and brand advantage, which is the basis for a full-scale, quarter-round development of the industry, with the entire cabinet at its head.
Customized suites to boost closets and accessories by more than 40%; 3) location of young O'Hara brands, including house-wide customization, closets, bathrooms, wooden doors, walls, over $300 million, or about 46% more.
Paper, kitchen appliances, bedding, etc., form a diversified industry, with the Division controlling risks primarily through a smooth board model and rigorous client screening.
In terms of the distribution of income, 1) the closets and the accessories, the company expands its operations through a variety of channels, customizing the entire house to the whole house, making the rich options more competitive and promoting a 35% and 50% increase, respectively, in the closets and furniture products.
In the case of container b/h (millions of shares), the company seizes opportunities at the retail end of the slowdown and actively expands the category of outlets. The surrogate retail business has grown by more than 10% over the same period, pulling the closet as the bulk falls. The wooden door is growing.
The push for multi-channel development has continued to grow, increasing the Opine brand power, and the bathhouse has continued to grow, exploring plastics and bulk channels. The company, based on basic dishes such as cabinets, closets, etc., continues to push into the strategy of everyone and opens up the space for future development.
The price of the main raw materials is stable this year, and the impact on the Māori rate is manageable. The share of the package is lower than the overall Māori rate, but changes in the product structure have less impact on net interest rates because of low marketing and cost demand.
The net non-net interest rate is 5.63 per cent, corresponding to -0.68 pt. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we look forward to a company based on the best-goods cabinets, moving forward with the strategy of keeping others on the fast track and driving the company to grow.
The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, Europe's home (603833): a quarter of over-expected income, the advantage of retailing, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
Liu Tanda, Changko Kit, research assistant brief.
Shen Chong Lian is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the government (603833) is over-expected in a quarter and the retail business is highly profitable.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.