For the first time, Europa has been covered by 603833, and overall performance has remained stable, with multi-grade channels supporting the lead.
Quarterly reports issued by the company in 2022: $4,144 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2022, with more branded q1 under the q1 pattern with a steady profit margin and a liquidity market value (millions):
To benefit from the company's strong position in the configuration of traditional distribution channels, the co-development of multi-brands, the impact of the product. In the product matrix, closets/rears/baskets/woodgates are collected separately. In the corporate flag, high-end brands nis, medium-high-end brands Euros and Oponi, and new and emerging ones.
The reduction in profitability and the continued optimization of the cost rate during the period is due to increased competition in the industry, the impact of price fluctuations in raw materials and an increase in sales of low-moric ancillary products.
Rates of sale/management costs decreased by 0.56 pcts/0.30 pcts to 9.13 per cent/7.12 per cent on year-on-year, treasury.
For billions of dollars, R & D costs fall from 0.14 pcts to 4.94%. q1 cash flows from operating activities net $324 million, with a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $1,899 million.
To benefit from the nationalization of sufficient production capacity to improve the efficiency of the supply chain and to add to the company’s unique advantages in terms of marketing and channels, in the future, under an integrated marketing model that customizes the core + package + door wall system, companies are expected to spend more and more on their core barriers to competition.
In the context of a gradual recovery in the demand for downstream end-use products, industry leaders are expected to take the lead in reaping dividends, and corporate profitability is expected to be repaired. Companies take the lead for custom-made households, with continuous upgrading of brands and product strength, adding up and cutting everyone in early.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.