Event: Corporate Bulletin Quarterly, operating revenue of $4,144 million in the first quarter of 2022, rising by the same amount
Retail outlets are growing brightly, and the distribution of products is continuing to improve. 22q1 companies are growing by 25.6% on a year-on-year basis, largely driven by rapid growth in retail outlets, reflecting strong growth resilience.
13.24 million yuan, 2.32 billion yuan, 167 million yuan, 218 million yuan, 10 to 2449 fewer than the Europa cabinets, 58 to 21,43 fewer Europa closets, 5 to 810 more Europa baths, 15 to 974 fewer Orangaris, respectively.
The Māori ratio of 22q1 dropped slightly, and the cost-control rate worked well. For Māori, the change in the Māori business structure of 22q1 companies and sales discounts were influenced by factors such as. For cost rates, 22q1 sales/management, corporate solid base management, corporate operating efficiency optimized, and q1 operating capital turnover increased at the same rate.
Consider that the lead shares accelerate and maintain the "buy-in" rating. Europa leads the business model's innovative iterative industry, which in recent years has been successfully built in the whole cabinet, home-made, and so on.
In our view, there is little difference in the products in the domestic sector, the company is taking advantage of the phase of low-morigin business, which is rapidly building channels to protect the city, and there is a long-term prospect of further strengthening the “European” product.
Eurasia (603833): High packaging Risk factors: significant downside risks in real estate sales, increased risks due to industry competition
Li Hong Peng, Master of Economics, Six Young Workers Manufacturing Research Experience, Entering Securities Research and Development Centre, August 2015
The light-work manufacturing team, which received the new wealth of 2017, the Gold Cow Award, and parts 4, 2 and 2 of the crystal ball light-work paper industry, has not been and will not be associated with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.