Europole (603833) company review report.
In 2021, the Europas reported a two-wing combination of high performance, multi-valued multi-brand layouts contributing to long-term growth, market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
In 2021, the company achieved a two-brand transition to an integrated tailor-made track, with a continuous roll-out of crowds, with annual billing performance increasing by more than 90 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which is an important driver of the rapid growth in overall revenue collection. The product of cabinets grew steadily to $7,529 million (yoy+24.22 per cent), with closets and furniture products held.
Retentions have increased to $10,172 million (Yoy+49.53 per cent) in high raw materials. Revenue channels 17.97 per cent. In branding, high-end brands nis, middle-end Europeans and Oponi, as well as new and emerging branding starhouses, have been developed under the corporate flag to accommodate different consumer needs.
Short-term pressure on the profitability of raw material price fluctuations, periods of cost marginal optimization The short-term pressure on corporate profitability due to increased industry competition, fluctuations in raw material prices and increased sales of low-moric support products, combined Māori rates fell by 3.39 pcts to 31.62 per cent and net interest rates fell
Management, optimized over time, with sales/management/financial cost ratios on a par with the Division ' s increasing ability to focus on technological innovation, achieving R & D investment of 908 million yuan in 2021, with a similar increase in core advantages that are expected to raise the market share of customized households
To benefit from a nationalized sufficiency layout to improve the efficiency of the supply chain, and to add to the company’s unique advantages in marketing and channels, the future will be equipped in a combination of sales models that customize the core + package + door wall systems, and it is expected that the volume will continue to grow, further strengthening the company’s core barriers to competition. Competition in the market is becoming more intense.
In this environment, companies are expected to increase their market share even further by relying on their own cabinets and house-wide custom leaders. The company’s market share is expected to build barriers to competition by upgrading brands and product power, adding up to fit everyone well ahead of time, building deep-down channel layouts and tertiary supply chain management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.