In 21 years, the sales went up the stairs, with a net profit of 2,666 million yuan, an increase of 29.23 per cent in the same year and a net gain of 29.72 per cent in the same year. 47.33 per cent, 40.20 per cent, respectively, in direct stores, distribution stores, large businesses, and 47.33 per cent, 40.20 per cent, respectively.
There has been a steady increase in the number of people dressed up, and in 21 years the rate of performance on the bill has risen by more than 90%. In 2021, there was a net increase in the number of Europa cabinets by 52 to 2,459 and a net increase of 77 in the number of Europa closets; among these, there were more than 3,000 retail distributors working together to create innovative models for kitchen business.
At the end of the 21st year, the balance of items related to company advance payments increased by 36% over the same year, and the stock of orders better supported future income growth. The rate of decline in the Maori rate was optimized, and the efficiency of operations improved.
31.62 per cent, a decrease of 3.39 pct over the same year, with product breakdowns, maintenance of closets and their accompanying furniture products, solid foundation management, and operational efficiency gains, with an increase of 0.73 to 12.31 times over the 21-year period, and a decrease of 4.48 to 2.73 days over the same period in the net operating cycle.
In addition, over the last five years of corporate informatization, large-scale non-tailored home-based intelligent manufacturing has been successfully built to support technology platforms and industrial Internet platforms, fully achieving “75% exemption from trial, 85% waiver and fast-tracking, 95% pass” of customized orders.
Seeing that the lead share accelerates and maintains the "buy-in" rating. Europa leads the business model 's \triangleright innovation iterative industry. In recent years, the company has been successfully built in a whole cabinet and custom-made house.
In our view, there is little difference in the products in the domestic sector, the company is taking advantage of the phase of low-morigin business, which is rapidly building channels to protect the city, and there is a long-term prospect of further strengthening the “European” product.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Significant downside risks in real estate sales, increased risks associated with competition in industry Lee Hong Peng, Master of Economics, six young workers ' manufacturing industry research experience, August 2015 Enterer Securities Research and Development Centre Light Work Manufacturing Team, which received the 2017 New Wealth, Gold Bull Award, Crystalball Light Paper Industry Nos. 4, 2, 1
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.