The Europa q1 retail end showed strong performance, looking at the continued dynamism of the whole channel, with high growth, a net profit of 253 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 3.88 per cent, and a non-net profit of 234 million yuan.
The kitchens are steady and the closets are growing fast. For the sub-products, the kitchens earn 1.324 billion yuan, an increase of 5.13 per cent, maintaining steady growth. The closets and accessories earn 2.32 billion yuan, an increase of 40.85 per cent, and the income increases are sharp, driven mainly by single-stores income growth and rising single-guesss values.
Revenues of $218.167 million, or 32.29 per 1.19 per cent, were increased by 32.229 per cent, with retail outlets growing strongly. Corporate distribution channels generated $3.23 billion, or 34.10 per cent, and maintained a high growth rate against the background of last year’s high base and repeated epidemics, mainly determined by companies.
Home-wide customization, high branding of apparel products, and raising of guest list values. At the same time, companies are strongly promoting the development of plastics channels, which act as a retail secondary growth curve driving rapid income growth; large-scale business revenue of $673 million, equivalent to 6.98 per cent, mainly of the company.
The cost rate is gradually optimized during the period, and sales and management costs are reduced by 0.55/0.44 pct.
In the context of recurring epidemics, good corporate cost control and more efficient spending are demonstrated. The end-of-term contract liability and advance payments amount to $1.982 billion, an increase of 39.90%, with sufficient orders to sustain growth dynamics and expected high revenue growth.
In view of the success of full-scale development, home-based growth and further expansion of the market share. Companies continue to strengthen zero sales power, strong marketing and strong product creation.
Cooking cabinets are based on a broader definition of the whole house, promoting co-development of multi-species and raising the value of the guest list. The upholstery business is currently in a state of rapid development, and we see that the upholstery continues to be fast-disbursed, with traditional retail outlets forming a two-wheel drive.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Price fluctuations in raw materials, less than expected expansion of new categories and increased competition in the industry. (8610) 66229231