Light manufacturing, Europa residence (603833.sh) Short-term profit-taking and continuing high performance.
On April 22, 2022, the European Home Disclosure Corporation reported an annual increase of 20,442 million yuan, or 38.68 per cent, in 2021. The net profit of the company rose to 2,664 million yuan, or 29.16 per cent.
With current operating income of $6.04 billion, an increase of 20.60 per cent over the same period. Net profits of $551 million increased by relying more on single-stores revenues. As demand continued to be released from the epidemic, companies continued to expand new channels such as dressing and sheltering.
In the context of the ongoing thunderstorms on real estate clients, major European businesses are actively adjusting their pace of operations to market changes, controlling risks, and making steady progress. In 2021, large corporate lines of business generated 3,673 million yuan.
On the whole business side, the year-on-year bill performance has grown by more than 90%, achieving a high rate of growth. One is the introduction of the new brand, Starhomes Home, and the introduction of two brands into an integrated and customized track; and the other is the manufacture of customized products.
Heart + Resource Integration + Twin Dragon Alliance forms continue to evolve to effectively complete the product shortboards of home-loading companies and further strengthen end-empowerment: influenced by rising raw materials and declining gross profit margins for large operations,
The net profit of the company has risen to 2,664 million yuan, compared to the previous year.
Zhou Xiaolong rose by 29.16%. Of this, the four-quarter net return profit fell to $552 million, with eziochou.
This is a decline of 9.84%, for the first time since the first quarter of 2020. Looking ahead, given the continuing downside of real estate, the bulk of corporate business may be under greater downward pressure in 2022.
On April 22, 2022, the Eurasia House Disclosures annual report. In 2021, Eurasia achieved 20.442 billion in operating income.
RMB, 38.68% increase in the same year. The net profit on corporate returns rose to 2,666 million yuan, 29.23% increase in the same year. Of this amount, the company q4 actually earned current operating income of $6,040 million, an increase of 20.60% increase in the same year. The net profit on maternity in the fourth quarter fell to $552 million, a decline in the same year.
In 2021, the year of the company's launch of its long-term development goal of “Breaking Europe into the World's Family of Excellence”, the company achieved a certain amount of success in a number of categories, specifically:
By the end of 2021, the company had 2201 closets, an increase of 77 stores and a steady increase in the number of stores. Structurally, the company strengthened its high-level openings, increasing the number of level-a-market outlets to 331, an increase of 45 stores. The closet business also recorded $10,172 million in 2021.
The business income of the dollar increased by 49.53 per cent from the same year. The cabinet business: in addition to the closet business, the company’s core business cabinet business grew faster in 2021, with a stronger and more prominent core competitive advantage. First, there were more than 1,300 new doors and doors opened throughout the year; and the retail distributors were promoted to work together.
By the end of 2021, the company had 2,459 cabinets, 52 more in late 2020, and the number of doors continued to rise. In 2021, it recorded $7,529 million in operating revenue.
In addition to the traditional Euro brand, the company's new sharp brand, O'Hara, has made great strides. On the end of the product, Audrey continues to introduce original, light-luxury products with the core of "beautiful," "good" and "intellectual" and "intriguing" and high school at the price.
At the end of the channel, O'Hara built the Euphoria ecological chain of traditional retail upgrades + packs + costumes + electric power providers, making the transition to retail service providers and maximizing the flow of customers. By the end of 2021, the company's O'Hara brand had 989 shops, representing an increase of 61 stores.
Woodgate operations: In addition to cabinets and closets, the company’s relatively small wooden business has also grown at a very high rate. The revenue from woodgate operations has increased to $1,236 million, an increase of 60.36 per cent.
At the end of the year, the company had 1,021 woodgate dealers, a decrease of 44 by the same year. The company continued to innovate in its model, m6 profit model, and the impact of the v3 sales design certification project, which significantly increased the value of the helpers' bill, completed multiple star tours, live broadcasts and top-flow masters, with more than 120,000 boosts.
By the end of 2021, the company had 805 bathhouses, compared to 217, with a significant increase in the number of doors and a steady increase in the number of outlets.
Retail outlets: In 2021, corporate distributors and direct channels earned $16,267 million, an increase of 40.44 per cent over the same period. The number of company doors reached 7522, an increase of 365 compared to the end of 2020, an increase of 5.10 per cent over the same period.
With the relatively slow expansion of channels, the expansion of business income is more dependent on the rise in single-store revenues. As demand continues to be released after the epidemic, companies continue to expand new channels, such as dressing and housekeeping, support single shops, large-scale operations: in the context of persistent thunderstorms on property clients, major European businesses are responding positively to market changes.
In addition to this, the company has developed a number of co-research packages with high-quality strategic clients, which are designed to fully penetrate and load operations from suppliers of sophisticated materials to service providers. In addition, the company has developed deep-down housing, security housing, rehabilitation of old neighbourhoods, and other areas of the country such as Beijing, Yoon-Shun, Shenzhen, etc.
In the case of five accounts receivable, Shenzhen's Big Material and Equipment Company Ltd. was ranked first, with a closing balance of 30.774 million yuan, and subsequent or continuing impairment pressure. However, according to the client structure, the top five other clients were state companies, which we believe are companies.
Integrator operations: In 2021, the annual billing performance of everyone grew by more than 90% on a year-on-year basis, achieving a high rate of growth. First, a new brand, the Starhomes Home, was launched, and two brands were integrated into the entire customized track: second, the product was continuously evolved in the form of customized + resource integration + the Twin Dragons Alliance, and the product shortboards of home-loading companies were effectively supplemented, further strengthened.
(iii) Short-term pressure on profit levels, strategic growth for the future, failure to raise prices in such operations as closets, resulting in firm cost pressures; and (2) company booms as the competitive environment continues to deteriorate
In addition, the gross profit margin of the company as a whole has been reduced by 1.90 percentage points in the same year; (3) the share of low-mori baths, wooden doors and accessories has continued to rise, lowering the gross profit rate of the company as a whole. Moreover, the profit margin of q4 gross has emerged and, in view of the continuing decline in real estate, the company may face a significant downward pressure in 2022.
The report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the billion-Han think tanks, including, but not limited to, the company’s public sector.
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.