In the third quarter of 2019, it was reported that income fell by a narrow margin, with multiple indicators that the bottom of the base surface was present, and income fell by a persistently narrow margin: in the first three quarters of 2019, the net profits realized by the company were in the first half of the performance forecast. The current net cash flow, whether income, profits, or operating, was in the first half of the performance forecast.
The impact of the macro-environment on corporate incomes is beginning to diminish: the fall in corporate incomes in the third quarter is also narrow. Compared with the seasonal changes in corporate incomes over the past three years, we find that the second quarter has been a catalyst.
The driving factor is that corporate income performance in the second quarter is usually better than in the third quarter, and in the third quarter than in the second quarter, and we believe that the performance of the company has improved, the macroeconomic impact on corporate income has diminished, and the worst macroeconomic impact on corporate income has passed.
▪ Cost expansion has been fully demonstrated, and operating costs may have fallen: the company has been expanding on a large scale since the second quarter of last year, the expansion strategy has stopped since this year, and the impact of increased screen size on operating costs (mainly rent, depreciation, staff remuneration) has been fully reflected in quarterly statements.
In the last three quarters, the company's operating costs have remained at 1.66 billion, and as point optimization and single-point rents fall in the future, we may see a fall in the company's operating costs from season to season, to the detriment of the company's performance, but there is no need to be overly pessimistic about the period: asset reductions this season.
Despite the significant decrease in the value of $171 million compared to the second quarter, the percentage of bad debt withdrawals is still high in history - the distribution of media markets and above, 75 per cent of bad debt, which has been reported since last year, resulting in a reduction in primary market financing.
The breakdown of bad debts in 2019-09-01 was largely completed (only 25 per cent remaining), while the traditional client base in the accounts receivable structure was absolute, 2, Divisional Media (002027):
Largely, these clients have a stable income, a better credit and a corresponding longer credit term, but default values and performance fluctuations: lower risk in 2019, resulting in a higher volume of corporate receivables, so now the reconciliation period is not a problem
The importance of the media in the budget expenditure of advertisers is increasing: the advertisers are in the public domain, and the second quarter is continuing to be low, and the proportion of the budget devoted to the media as a proportion of their total budget is gradually increasing.
The increase in the position of the building media is well reflected in the fact that the Department’s performance is more flexible, and the company’s fundamentals are showing signs of a season-by-season improvement.
They maintain a “buy-in” rating, suggesting a positive layout. In the first half of the period, we can also see that indicators such as the company’s income, profits, net cash inflows, and the Māori rate, net interest rates and other indicators of the company’s profitability are improving over the season.
At the same time, companies publish year-round performance guidelines, which are expected to realize 1.750 billion to 2050 billion net parent profits throughout 2019. Over the past five quarters, firms have inherited costs, economic downturns and the combination of the two, resulting in a sharp decline in performance. The impact of the current cost expansion has been fully reflected, while the revenue side has been affected by macroeconomics.
The factors affecting the company's performance have improved positively, largely confirming our earlier view that the macro-environment's impact on the company's income has begun to diminish, rather than to narrow it. Moreover, compared to the seasonal changes in the company's income over the past three years, we have found that the sales promotions in the second quarter have led to a decline in the economy's income.
But this year q3 showed an increase of 2.68% in the ring relative to q2, so we believe that the impact of macroeconomics on corporate incomes has diminished, and that the worst macroeconomic impact on corporate incomes has passed. Figure 3: Changes in corporate income chains in the second and third quarters (millions of dollars)
Four quarters of the year is a year of company sales, with a growing share of the company’s traditional advertising owners and new customers better than expected. As we have seen in the company’s semi-annual disclosures, the share of traditional sector advertising owners has reached 78 per cent, while the share of Internet customers has decreased to 22 per cent, and because the traditional sector advertisers’ advertising budgets are more sustainable.
Its budget growth is linked to its own income growth, while the popular advertising medium, owing to its high threshold characteristics, is generally more resistant to volatility by leading firms in various industries. As a result, it has experienced large-scale investment in Internet clients in the first half of the year, which has decreased by 1,648 million, compared to 56.56 per cent in the first half of the year, representing a decline in corporate revenue.
With 118.31% of the volume, which means that the fall in income in the first half of the year was entirely attributable to this segment of the client base, the traditional advertisers also increased by 6.08%, and the current income structure will show a stronger growth sustainability. The cost-expanding impact is fully reflected.
The company's massive expansion of screens since the second quarter of last year, the expansion strategy has stopped since this year, and the impact of the screen size on operating costs (mainly rent, depreciation, staff remuneration) has been fully reflected in the quarterly statements, and it can be seen that the costs of the last three quarters have not changed significantly.
The current corporate expansion strategy has stopped, and as point optimization and single-point rents have fallen in the future, we will probably see the company’s operating costs fall on a quarterly basis. Refunds are bad for company performance, but there is no need to be overly pessimistic about the period.
By the third quarter, the accounts receivable situation had not improved significantly, with a slight increase in book value relative to the second quarter, while the loss of $171 million in impairment of assets in the current quarter compared to $379 million in the second quarter, although significantly reduced, had increased over the same period, and corporate accounts receivable policies were stricter, with 75 per cent of accounts receivable overdue for 391 days.
The length of the day or so. The advertisers who are adversely affected by first-tier market financing have been in default since 30 June 2018, with only 25 per cent of the receivables from this sector remaining on the books, and the current structure of accounts receivable accounts accounts accounts for only 11.25 per cent (estimates only), based on the share of Internet customers in income in the first half of 2018, as compared to 45 per cent.
This also includes not-to-exceed amounts such as Ali, Kyundong, etc.. The current accounts receivable structure is therefore overwhelmingly composed of advertisers from traditional industries who have stable earnings, better credit and longer credit terms, but whose default winds are less risky, leading to a larger amount of corporate receivables. So now the reconciliation period should not continue to be pessimistic.
The importance of the media in the advertising sector’s budget expenditure is increasing. As we can see in the next graph, the advertising industry’s share of the budget devoted to the public media is in proportion to its total budget.
In the context of a gradual increase, from 1.09 per cent in 2012 to 1.51 per cent in 2018, an 8.8 per cent drop in the entire advertising system in the first half of the year, and a 12.8 per cent drop in the traditional media (ctr data), traditional advertisers have also increased by 6.08 per cent in the distribution of public figures, reflecting the increased position of the building media.
Markets are concerned about the rapid growth of new mediums represented by the fall in brand advertising in the first half of the year, and are therefore concerned about the long-term replacement of brand advertising. But both are imperatives of business development, there are no alternatives, and the current changes in budget spending are merely re-segregated by advertisers in response to the economic downturn.
Consumers go through about five mental stages, from exposure to marketing information to purchasing behaviour: attention, interest, desire, memory, purchase action.
The effect of advertising is essentially the last link - the promotion of purchasing behaviour. For products without branded knowledge, even if they buy traffic advertising, their transformation will not be better than for products with branded visibility, and once such products stop circulation advertising, their sales may fall significantly, but the product will be sold.
As cards accumulate, they are sustainable, so brand advertising and effect advertising are business developments, and there is no substitute for choice only in a given economic context (the economic situation is bad, the advertisers tend to reduce long-term investment in brand advertising and place more budgets on short-term effect announcements).
The fundamentals are at the bottom of the hierarchy, and we've been talking about the bottom of the company since the company's 2nd quarterly report was published, and the company's 3rd quarterly report fully supports our previous judgment and continues to reiterate our research here.
There has been a volatile interval (figure 7 includes years missing from the quarterly data), with a relatively small media presence and a high Māori rate, which has had a weak impact on the overall Māori rate. There have been only two failures in Māori rates in 2009 and 2019 in the history of the group, and the situation in 2009 is currently the case.
The corporate dilemma is very important for guidance, because in 2009 and 2019, both in the macroeconomic environment and in the corporate development strategy, there was a similarity: first, the economic environment was very low, and even worse, in 1999; and second, large-scale screen expansion, according to figure 7, the number of screens increased by 65.5 per cent and 50 per cent in 2007 and 08 respectively.
The 18-year screens grew by 75.7 per cent compared to the previous year. The financial crisis of 08 had a significant negative impact on domestic macroeconomics, with a sharp decline in the number of publications, resulting in a 20.5 per cent decline in income levels in 09 and the first fall in the Māori rate due to cost rigidity (and impairment), which occurred in the same year.
The Māori rate fell to the bottom level of 36.7%. Prior to the deterioration of the economic environment, the crowds had expanded considerably, and after the economic downturn had hit the company ' s operations hard, the company had to shrink points and impaired some of its screen assets.
At present, companies are facing both economic downturns and over-exploitation. Building media Māori rates have also broken down, with a current Māori rate of 42.01%, but the growth rate of the gdp in 2008 has fallen by nearly 5 percentage points, compared to the current rate.
The economic situation is even worse, and thus the space for continued decline in the rates has been very limited in comparison, so the Māori rate has fallen. Figure 8: Income fluctuations in the media (millions) in the public sector. Income = number of single screens * screens = number of single screens * (1 + rate of change in the rates of listings) * (1 + rate of implementation)
The number of screens in the previous year* (1+ screens change rates) shows that, in order to divide company revenues more closely, we have reasonablely disassembled the network and frame in the building media.
This section begins with a calculation based on a single-screen income calculation formula. The current pattern of competition in the industry is stable, the industry is not willing to continue to expand significantly, so the screen numbers change at no rate.
Significant changes have taken place; while improvements in corporate single-screen revenue depend on higher rates of listing and price increases for advertising enforcement, which are more stable because enforcement prices are influenced by prices on both the supply and demand sides and other media outlets, they can fluctuate significantly because of differences in the willingness of advertisers to invest, and are therefore the most important variable affecting corporate income elasticity.
After last year’s industry competition, industry costs, mainly rental costs, have reached a high level, and the current pattern of industry competition is stable, so single-screen costs will not change significantly, and we expect a slow decline in business costs as point optimization and single-point rental costs fall in the future.
6.3. The Māori rate changes are measured, as Māori rates = (income-cost)/income, so coverage rates are not only the most important variable affecting income elasticity, but also the most important variable affecting Māori rates, i.e. the profitability of companies.
We can see that the company ' s Māori rate has remained between 67 and 77 per cent in the normal year (for explanation of extremes, see Searching for the Truth in History - Distinguished Media Market Concerns), as the cost of business rents has risen by about 30 per cent since the beginning of 2018, and the Māori rate will decline in relative terms even if the company ' s future listing rate is back on track.
Figure 9: Changes in Māori rates in the media in the public sector over the years, based on our previous analysis and the above-mentioned core assumptions, the results are as follows. As can be seen, the single-screen income data for the last year of presentation during the advance period were only slightly above the 2018 level, with the year 2018 expanding as a single year.
In 2017, the company’s commercial network, framework and cinema’s single-screen revenues were $16,677 per year, $3562 per year, and 199402 per year, and based on the highly leveraged nature of the company’s operations, the volatility of the company’s performance was significantly associated with the macroeconomy and increased volatility.
Once the economy warms, the company’s publishing rate is bound to increase significantly, and the profit level will rise rapidly, probably not as slowly as in the model. The company’s fundamentals are at the bottom, and the income changes are showing a seasonal improvement, as in the case of the “buy-in” rating, which suggests a positive layout.
Over-expected macroeconomic fluctuations, increased competition, unfavourable repayments and subsidence of low-line cities. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee