Qingshan is still in a state of relief — the current decline in corporate performance in the mass media (002027.sz) is mainly due to a slowdown in the advertising industry as a whole, but it's in the hands of companies.
According to elevator and cinema media, two of the most powerful categories, the industry deceleration will take some time to reach the department, while companies will give priority to the economic recovery. At the micro level, companies will adjust to Cao Xuant.
The client structure is beginning to work and the consumer-friendly ratio has exceeded 30 per cent, while Internet clients continue to decline with limited space; the company's ability to deactivate brands remains at the forefront of clients with corresponding demand, and we believe that its moat is a monopoly on high-quality locations, and that its composition can be described as innovative:
Discovering the market (pre-emptive advantage) - taking advantage of high quality points - developing high quality clients - proving the value of the ladders - developing more points and recycling them. It is also the monopoly of high quality points that allow for large clients willing to pay premiums, as well as high publishing rates. As of 2019h1, the company already owns 2.74 million.
The escalators, 80.8 per cent more than at the beginning of 2018, did not hurt the moat, and the rise in single-point rents before and after the expansion of the tide was about 16 per cent, remains within acceptable limits, and will remain stable at the cost as the expansion of both sides pauses.
In the first half of the year, the cinema advertising industry was hit by both macroeconomic downsides and the coldness of the city, but we believe that, as the second half of the year, when heavy-pound films moved on to the city, the same number of viewers were on the right track, and the repressive factors were expected to be eliminated.
One, and with the withdrawal of the search, the company's future screen rents are expected to fall and, with the trend towards greater concentration, macroeconomic warming will be accompanied by an increase in concentration and by an increase in advertising. The macroeconomic impact on the advertising industry will be reduced marginally, as long as the gdp does not accelerate the decline, and so on.
In some cases, advertising spending will continue to increase at an excessive rate, and the share of advertising spending in gdp will continue to rise. According to current domestic data, advertising spending will probably increase at less than the rate of gdp this year, and advertising density will decrease, and the value will rise again in the future as the gdp rises at a smooth pace, and the advertising industry is expected to gain access to it.
For companies, as elevator and cinema media remain powerful in all advertising media categories, companies will also benefit from the stability and resilience of the industry as a whole. Investment strategy: We expect future companies, including the advertising industry, to be weakened by macroeconomic marginalities.
In 2019-2021, the public media generated revenues of $118, 143 and 17.6 billion, with net profits of one, and in the semi-annual report of the public media: performance was below expectations for cooperation with Ali.
The company, as the leader of the media in the world and the founder of the escalator industry, has maintained a market monopoly on the ladder and enjoyed a 70% Māori rate on a year-to-year basis. However, with the downside of macroeconomics since the second half of 2018, there has been a decline in the willingness of advertisers to invest, as well as a radical expansion of the new wave media with industrial capital, which has led the company to earn on the one hand.
In a downturn in industry, on the one hand, and a massive expansion of production to discourage competitors, on the other hand, have led to a significant decline in the Māori rate, a pressure on performance, and a worsening of indicators such as accounts receivable, causing market concern. We believe that, macro- and now, the decline in performance is mainly due to a slowdown in the advertising industry as a whole.
But the company occupies two of the most powerful categories of elevator and cinema media, so that the industry slows down to a certain point of time, and the company prioritizes the recovery with a steady economy. At the micro level, the company's restructuring is starting to work, with a countercyclical consumer-type ratio of more than 30%; the company's ability to activate the brand.
1.1 The industry goes down and does not change the course of the competition, looking at the company’s quarterly financial data from 2016 to the present, and the company’s quarterly operating income peaked at 2018q2.
By comparing the quarterly data on the rate of increase in advertising coverage across the media, the Division’s revenue is somewhat more relevant than the rate of increase in the rate of spending across the media. The volume’s cost increases reflect the willingness of advertisers to invest in the advertising industry as a whole, and we believe that the company’s performance has declined even more since 2018q3.
In fact, only 33% of the advertisers in the survey at the beginning of this year increased marketing costs in 2019, the lowest rate in 10 years. Behind the downside is the macroeconomic situation. q3 in 2018, gdp quarter.
Since then, the rate of zero growth has begun to decline significantly, down to a low of 8 per cent in February 2019, and as of August, we have noted that the change in the growth rate of corporate growth is about a quarter behind the spending on the entire media, and we believe that the media, mainly in the public domain, are relatively superior, and that the advertising industry as a whole is falling.
It takes some time to get to the company. In recent years, the Trail and cinema media have been spending far more time than the traditional mass media, and even with Internet advertising, it has been possible to keep the press up at a higher pace. Since 2016-2018, elevator posters, elevator TV and cinema media have been among all the media ads.
The declining class means that the track is superior. Because of the race, we also believe that, when macroeconomics are stable or rebounding, the ladders and the cinematographers will give preference to the advertisers. Figure 5: 2016-2019h1 presses are spending faster than ever.
1.2 With regard to the customer structure, the firm's aggressive growth of consumer-type customers is beginning to bear fruit, with a 30 per cent break in the 2019h1, while we believe that while the former Internet industry's major clients have been exposed to it.
With the development of mobile Internet since 2010, the company helped to activate a lot of O2-sized companies because of the role of ladders as important entry points below the line, but with Internet-level markets, the company started the brand.
Internet-based clients have been making important contributions to corporate revenue collection, with an average of 22.34 per cent of income since 2016-2018, and a cold market and blood loss in emerging industries since 2018.
At the same time, companies began to restructure their customers earlier than 2017h2, and the consumer goods industry became the largest in terms of the share of companies in the counterproductive cycle of 2018h1 and the consumer goods industry contributed 30.7 per cent on a day basis.
The changes in the calculus have resulted in little change in sectors that are resistant to the cycle of consumption, such as consumer goods, business services, leisure, etc., so we believe that as much as 2019h1 companies have been successful in adjusting their customer structure.
Good cash flows in the consumer sector, a greater willingness to work together over the long term, have been beneficial for firm performance certainty and cash flows, and it is worth mentioning that the company has been growing since 2012 with its focus on the media in the world of life and cinema.
The Internet industry has grown rapidly, and companies have not experienced a reduction in their clients due to coldness in a particular industry. According to the new client statistics, there is a higher proportion of new communications, miscellaneouss, traffic classified as the Internet industry, and, if the new calibre is used, income for the 209h1 Internet sector has fallen by 56.55% on a year-on-year basis, but if it is based on the previous ones, it will be possible to use the same information as the Internet industry.
With a statistical caliber, the decline in the Internet industry is even more severe, with the possibility of more than 80 per cent, and given that investment in the Internet industry has picked up over the past, we believe that there is limited scope for the future decline in the Internet industry’s contribution.
In terms of the selection of specific advertisers, the crowds are still popular, and they continue to prove their ability to act as "signal triggers." Of the total number of top20s spent in the press, six are in the total number of top 20, and the top two Quantico Brigades and Good Blues are investing huge amounts of their media resources.
Two brands have also become the tipping point of the year. In contrast, only three of the top 20 have been released during the same period last year, and we think that the categories that would have been suitable for other media, such as the pharmaceutical brands in the 2018h1 table, have been reduced.
The “mainstream, mandatory, high frequency, low interference” value of the escalator has become more pronounced in the industry, as evidenced by the increased speed of data spent on various media outlets. For example, since the formal strategic collaboration between the two sides in March, there have been excellent blue spots in the north.
According to the announcement, the cheese business in 2019h1 grew 113% by the same year, and its product, "cheese sticks" , which was played by the group's main star, grew rapidly, by more than 400% by the same time. In our view, the value of the escalator, and so on, was higher than 400% by the same time.
There is no need to re-prove the superior marketing capacity. Figure 12: A significant increase in attention after the launch in March 2.
The monopoly of high-quality points is at the heart of the company, which has launched a massive expansion plan following the end of the bets on the company’s shell trading period. After the official strategic entry of Ali in November 2018, the company also launched the “3 by 5” plan, with 5 million terminals covering 5 in 500 cities in the country.
Millions of middle-born people. As of 2019h1, the company had 2.74 million escalators, 80.8 per cent more than at the beginning of 2018, and according to our analysis, the company remained firmly in control of the points advantage and the moat was safe.
In the history of retrospective development, we believe that its moat is the monopoly on high-quality points, and that its composition can be described as: innovative discovery markets (pre-emptive advantage) — taking advantage of high-quality points — developing high-quality customers — proving the value of the ladders — developing more spots and recycling them. Its core is also the monopoly on points, especially excellence.
Qualitative locations, on the basis of which there are large clients willing to pay the premium, have a high publishing rate. In this process, because of the relatively fragmented nature of upstream media resources and downstream advertisers, the crowd gradually builds itself as the only platform to integrate upstream and downstream decentralized resources, thus enjoying 70% left over the long term.
High Maori on the right (in contrast to the cinema media, which is more decentralized downstream, but more concentrated upstream cinemas, the Māori rate is lower than the Trailer) fell only in 2018h2, owing to lower macro-level impacts on income and rising costs due to competition expansion.
For the time being, the company owns much more of the ladder resources than its competitors, and to date it has 2,739,000 points in 300 large medium-sized cities. And, compared to other competitors, the company owns more spots in the core business, office buildings, and one location is worth far more than the home.
An interview acknowledged that a writing building elevator was more than three times the number of people covered by a community elevator, and ten times the number of people promoted by the public. Whatever the number of times, it was determined that the value of the company’s position was not quantitative.
On the one hand, the new tidal shop, which is based on television, is designed to capture the disadvantage of a smaller number of television spots and to infiltrate the original group by creating a new location to cover the elevators. It can be seen that the company laid far beyond the framer on the TV spots before and after this expansion.
At the same time, companies have stepped up the expansion of cities below three lines, and although it is difficult to provide returns for the time being, it is much more so that, in general, we believe that companies clearly recognize the value of point resources and that the precise and correct competition for point 2.2 is not as intense as they would imagine.
As an intruder in the escalator industry, the news media have come to the market with a high profile, drawing on the voices of prominent investors such as Pedo, Kyundong, Oprah, Red Star and Karen, who claim to be national extension agents and compete for multi-billion dollar customers.
We can analyze it with data from q1 and q2 and, in our view, the new tide missed the best time to attack, and the competition for high-quality points was limited, and the cost of single-point rents rose by about 16 per cent, taking into account the fact that the newly expanded sites were located in three or four-line cities.
A larger proportion means that unit rents in the first- and second-line cities have risen by more than 16%, but overall we still believe that the impact is limited. And, in the case of monopolistic industry patterns, unit rents continue to rise with limited space in the long run, with the growth of corporate voice.
2.2.1 Point expansion triggers an increase of about 16 per cent in the cost of the single screen, and the cost of leasing media resources is the largest component of the cost of the company, accounting for an average of 72 per cent of the cost over the years.
The rate of increase in media rent at 2019q1 is roughly commensurate with the rate of point increase. But, given that the new tide is competing for high-quality points through price increases, the market is more concerned about whether the price of the media rental bill will increase and whether the increase will be sustained.
Cost, we need to rule out the impact of screen rents. Since the company has not separately disclosed the rents for the ladder media in its periodic reports, and for the cinema media, we convert the rents for a single screen and a single spot by way of information in the book of shares.
The cost of a single-point lease for a calendar year, calculated through our conversion, is, in our view, a gradual reduction in rents as the dots increase, which we think is because the company is the absolute champion of the ladder industry.
At the head, there is a growing voice between upstream and downstream, with single-point rents held steady in the company for 2014-2017, which is more cautious in its expansion, given the net profit requirements, in the company ' s performance against the gambling period from the preparation of a stock loan case and its successful listing.
There was no significant increase in corporate rental unit prices in 2018, with single-point rental costs increasing by 7.89 per cent over the same period. Given the expansion in 2018 and the fact that after entering 2019, both sides largely stopped adding new positions, early reporting in 2019 also indicated that spot rents would rise significantly in the wake of the new tide.
But the data are not the same. We believe that, on the one hand, the new tide has developed mostly uncontacted sites, while on the other hand there is no apparent competition between the two sides over the split stocks, and, on the other hand, because most of the newly developed sites are located in low-line cities and second-line cities are of low value, the cost of media leasing is lower than the stock.
In our view, the war is far from as intense as it was expected in real terms, and there is no apparent pressure on the company’s location. Stand at the moment to reset the new tide, if it is aimed at stabilizing the city on three or four lines, while at the same time touching part one or two of the city’s location, holding the second position in the industry, we believe that it is destined to be one from the beginning of the new tide.
In the face of a mischoice in the timing of the attack and the pressure on performance against gambling in 2015-2017, the realization of net profits will be more concerned, as can be seen in the period 2015-2016, where the actual performance of the group was just about the goal of the bet.
The pressure to expand new dots and the pressure to increase the price of old dots at the end of the term would be overwhelming. But since 2018, the dotting has been done, and the company has had enough cash to support the dot contest, and we believe that the new tide is unlikely to succeed.
The negative impact on the advertising industry as a whole, especially the new tide as an attacker, is likely to make the q2 media lease more difficult when the number of points is less than the customer’s resources. Given the company’s lack of details of the cost of doing business in its mid-2019 report, it is not yet known about the cost of q2 media rentals.
Specific figures, but by comparing the operating costs of 2019q1 and h1 and the points increase, it can be seen that the operating costs of q2 are essentially the same as those of 1, that the media resources remain stable at both the escalator and the screen, and that we believe that the single screen rent of q2 is the same as q1.
(b) As regards the location of contracts that will need to be renewed in the near future, we believe that, while not excluding the possibility of an increase in pre-screen rents, the market as a whole has a psychological expectation of price increases, but in the current industry landscape, the crowding continues.
The powerful voice of the head of the monopolistic sector in the market, after the new players have stopped expanding, is expected to warm up the cinema media, which is an important part of the company's revenue, with 16% since the market.
20%. The company’s cinema’s media business is dominated by pre-screening advertisements, similar to those of the ladder, and features such as closed spaces, passive viewing, etc., in addition to the advantages that are not available, such as sound-painting. As a film-based medium, cinema’s media are affected not only by macroeconomics, but also by upstream films.
The industry’s independent influence, the coldness of the film market in the first half of 2019, has led to a reduction in the number of viewers, which has led to a drop in the rate of arrival of advertising, and has also affected the willingness of downstream advertisers to invest. We believe that the cinema media industry is also accelerating the clean-up under both macroeconomic and visual winter pressures this year.
With the bankruptcy of the second-largest search for the screen, the group will be the only major off-the-shelf cinema media company. Industry concentration will increase, upstream media resources will have less bargaining power, rental costs without the screen are expected to decrease, and now, under the lead of summer and national celebrations, the film market will be in the second half of the year.
When the economy calms down, the company will have the double advantage of industrial recovery and increased concentration. 3.1 In the first half of the year, the cinema media suffered a double blow.
With the rapid growth in the number of cinematographs and screens since 2010, pre-screening advertisements have also become a fast-growing category in all types of advertising media. At the same time, the relatively closed environment of cinemas and better visual and audio stimulation have led to higher rates of arrival and recollection of pre-screening advertisements.
But, since 2019, the pre-enactment advertising industry has suffered multiple blows: for the first time in history, it has fallen by the same amount. What is more relevant behind it is the drop in the number of people watching.
This directly represents the rate of attainment of advertising, with approximately 807 million viewers in the first half of the year, compared with 901 million in the first half of the past year, followed by a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, which led to a decline in the willingness of advertisers to invest, as reflected in the changes in the cost of the media publications above.
The double strike directly led to a significant decline in cinema media revenue, with 2019/h1 cinema media spending rising from an average of 29.7 per cent in 2016-2018 to 4.1 per cent.
The pre-screening advertising industry chain can be divided into upstream (the cinema), midstream (advertisement agent), downstream (advertiseor), up to 2018.12.31. The country ' s largest players in the pre-screening advertising operators are the Wanda media, the Distinguished Media, the Chinese Film Department (the Chinese Film Marketing and Marketing Branch) and the search for the Fox Jingwu, all of which are listed companies.
From 2017 to 2018, the four companies covered nearly 60% of the country's screens. In the film industry, the entire chain was covered, and its advertising business was developed.
As middle-class advertising agents, the industry’s performance is very rapid.
The impact of the industry on the company’s gross profits has been magnified by the rapid fluctuations in advertising revenues and relatively fixed costs before revenue is shown. According to the advertising contract disclosed in the Chinese ipo offer, the duration of the contract between the advertising agent and the advertiser varies from one month to a few months, and there is also a need for a special pre-screening of a film.
As a result, when incomes are reduced, it remains at an early high level, reflected in the rapid financial decline in the Māori rate. As one of the industry’s leading players, the search for the “four-foot” industry has officially been declared bankrupt, and the “four-foot” industry has disappeared.
In terms of financial data, Wanda's control of the media has made it possible to change the costs, and the Māori rate can still be maintained, driven by such excellent summer films as The Death of the Devil.
This year, the ticket house grew by 135.2% compared to the same year, making it one of the highest ever. As the film market warms, one of the repressive factors in the cinema advertising industry has now been eased.
In the future, there are prospects for low prices to absorb the screen spots, and when the economic situation warms up, there will be a double increase in concentration and in advertising by advertisers.
To sum up, we believe that there are no problems in the selection of the track, in their own endowments, in the construction and protection of the moat, and in coping with competition in the industry. Industry factors, whether in the ladder or in the cinema media, including industry competition, the landscape, etc., are all developing in favour of the company.
After analysing the relationship between advertising spending in the four countries of the United Kingdom and Japan over the last 20 years and gdp, we believe that there is no future to worry too much about the impact of macroeconomics on the advertising industry, as long as the economy slows down.
In the long run, advertising has been increasing. 4.1 gdp is expected to outpace its growth/regression at a time of steady growth, starting with the impact of macroeconomics on the growth of the advertising industry, and the relationship between the increase in advertising spending and the increase in the gdp.
For advanced economies abroad, the gdp acceleration is more closely related to the growth in advertising spending, while China experienced a longer period of continuous growth in the gdp, which also continued to decline after 2007, and the lack of volatility in the gdp acceleration resulted in insufficient match to the increase in advertising spending, but in the period 07-09
At a time when the global financial crisis has led to a significant decline in the growth rate of gdp, as well as in advertising spending, China is consistent with data from overseas. In addition, the link between the increase in advertising spending and the increase in gdp is two points that we believe deserve attention:
The increase in advertising spending is not marked by a clear lead or lag, and is largely accompanied by simultaneous changes in annual data. In addition, the advertising industry has responded quickly enough to macro-economic changes, taking into account the above-mentioned quarterly increase in the cost of advertising in the country’s advertising industry and the increase in the gdp:
The trend in advertising spending is larger than the trend in gdp, where the advertising industry has magnified the change in gdp. And, in a smooth period of growth in gdp, advertising spending has generally continued at a faster rate than in gdp, where the advertising industry has been able to achieve a higher rate of growth. Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the increase in the gdp has recovered from the Valley.
At that time, the advertising industry grew from negative to positive, when there was a “retaliatory rebound” in the advertising industry. Figure 33: South Korea's spending on advertising increased and gdp increased in the last 20 years. Figure 32: Japan's spending on advertising increased and gdp increased in the last 20 years.
4.2 The level of economic development is directly related to advertising density, both in terms of volume and in terms of speed of growth in the advertising industry.
The trend is that the ratio of advertising expenditure to gdp (the value is referred to as advertising density or advertising development) is generally used to reflect the extent to which advertising is developed in a country or region, owing to the lack of constant gdp data in our country and Japan.
After analysing the relationship between the Gdp acceleration and advertising density in the United States, the United Kingdom and the Republic of Korea, we believe that, when the gdp increase fluctuated significantly, the advertising density fluctuated at the same rate as the gdp in the short term, and it was more evident that the Internet bubble in the United States subsided at the beginning of the 20th century and the 2008-2009 financial crisis.
There has been a decline. This is mainly due to the short-term economic downturn, which has led to a lack of confidence on the part of advertisers, thereby reducing the drop-out, and in the long run, the share of advertising expenditure in the gdp has been rising steadily as the gdp has stabilized or even slowed down. For both the United States and the United Kingdom, the average increase in the gdp in the decade of 09-18 was slower than in 99-08.
And advertising density is slowly increasing, and the rate of growth of gdp in South Korea is faster than in the United States, while advertising density is less marked. We believe that the reason is that when gdp remains high, at a faster rate of economic development, the market leads to easier sales of goods, and as the gdp goes down, competition becomes more intense and productive.
In general, we believe that there is relative optimism about the macroeconomic impact on the advertising industry, as long as the increase in gdp does not accelerate the decline, and in other cases advertising costs can be sustained at an excessive rate, and advertising costs account for gdp.
According to current domestic data, advertising spending is likely to increase at less than the gdp rate this year, and advertising density will decrease, and the margin will rise again in the future as the gdp rises at a steady pace, and the advertising industry is expected to rebound. For companies, as elevator and cinema media remain in all advertising media categories.
We believe that companies, in the face of competitors and the industry’s low tide, are showing the industry’s boss’s sober judgment that the entry-end is still subject to macroeconomic influence, and that new expansion sites are not fully valued for the time being.
We suggest paying close attention to the elasticity of the company’s performance as a result of macro-basicization. As we expect future firms, including the advertising industry, to be weakened by macroeconomic marginalities, the company’s escalator business is expected to grow.
Taking into account that the future expansion points are dominated by the following sunk channels, the average cost is expected to change less, with a single spot average cost of $1.27, 1.30, and 135,000 in 2021 covering the screen. Given the growth of cinema media costs and the previous year’s ticket house, based on a net profit in 2020 and a 30xpe valuation, the total absolute valuation is combined with the relative valuation.
The long-term macroeconomic downturn; increased competition among competitors; the chronic low of the film market; cooperation with Ali, which has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.