Quadrochemical wanhuachemicalgroup (600309ch) 22q4 non-net profit ring decrease by 23.68 per cent, mdi ' s domestic price difference by 10 per cent q2q4recurringprofit-23.8 per cent qoq, 10-yearlowpointofmdimediaprice spreadgone
The point of view is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) billion yuan, an increase of 13.76 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $15.808 billion after deduction, a decrease in the same year.
• Growth in production and sales over the same period, with cost increases greater than the decline in profits from higher incomes, all influenced by a complex international political and economic environment, volatile epidemiological situations, volatile global energy prices and inflation in the European and American economies during the reporting period
Based on technological innovation, excellence, global excellence, and customer orientation, the company responded quickly to market changes and global business growth. At the same time, the company’s po/sm installations, and a variety of sophisticated chemical devices were put into production.
Corporate overall output and sales have increased on the same basis, and operating income has increased on the same basis. But, as a result of large global increases in raw materials, energy prices and prices, the cost of products has risen more than the income growth and profits have declined on the same date.
The price of mdi is expected to recover gradually after its ten-year low. According to the Mobil, 2022 q4 mdi-phenylamine combined price difference is 6397.32 kt, and the ring ratio is 1654.96 kt. The combined price of 2023 q1 mdi-phenylamine is currently 8203.78 kt. mdi combined price difference as at present.
Quarterly heating prices have recovered steadily. According to the announcement, in February, in the Chinese region, the summdi was listed at $17,800 per ton (an increase of $1,000 per ton over the January price); the net mdi was listed at $22,500 per ton (an increase of $2,000 over the January price).
On the demand side, work continues at the end of the year, waiting for the traditional “Golden Treasure Four” to warm back in the season.
New projects are well under way and companies are growing. In 2022, the company concentrated its top research resources, the Fujimdi installation, the nylon 12 installation, the Trinity Batteries project, and supported the Ningpo Park expansion in 2023.
The company will also promote the upgrading of battery materials and high-end separation of pure products. The company’s projects are progressing well, and the company is growing.
• Profit predictions: exposure to rising costs, corporate performance and risk of downward adjustment to companies; risk of less than expected completion of build-up capacity; significant increase in the cost of raw materials
Jung-woo! Haaichaozhuang!