CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
10%
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Luxshare (002475 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB74.2
(Previous TP
RMB55.4)
Up/Downside
+34.5%
Luxshare announced on 17 July that Luxshare and its parentco will acquire 100%
Current Price
RMB55.16
of Wistron's two subsidiaries in Kunshan for a deal value of RMB3.3bn. Luxshare
will invest no more than RMB600mn (7.2% of 1Q20 cash) for 18% stake of the
China Technology Sector
assets. We think it will allow Luxshare to expand into iPhone assembly business
as No.3 supplier (7-10% of share) behind Foxconn and Pegatron, and it is positive
Alex Ng
to Luxshare in long term given greater synergy with its other iPhone components
(acoustics/haptics/wireless/LCP) and earnings upside after turning Wistron's
OEM biz into profitability. We lifted FY20-22E EPS by 1-11 % to reflect better
AirPods/Watch sales but does not factor in financial impact of this transaction.
Stock Data
Reiterate BUY and lifted TP to RMB 74.2 based on rollover 42x FY21E P/E.
Long-term synergy with Apple ecosystem; Limited financial impact in
near term. We think the deal is a milestone for Luxshare to become a best-
in-class vertically-integrated Apple supplier covering both assembly and
components for iPhone, AirPods and Watch. Leveraging its strong
Shareholding Structure
partnership with Apple, we think Luxshare will continue to gain share on
existing iPhone components, such as acoustics, haptics, wireless charging
and LCP modules. Given that Wistron's iPhone OEM remains loss-making
and no consolidation is required for Luxshare's 18% stake, we expect limited
financial impact in FY20-21E and we have not included in our forecasts yet.
Share Performance
Implications to iPhone OEM supply chain. We estimate Wistron currently
accounted for 7-10% share allocation of total iPhone shipment, lagging
behind Foxconn/Pegatron (60%/30% share). After deal is closed by end-
Source: Bloomberg
FY20, we expect Wistron will focus on iPhone OEM in its India plant, while
Luxshare will start to expand share in iPhone OEM in China, backed by its
12-mth Price Performance
vertically-integrated supply chain and strong execution capability.
Raise FY20-22E EPS by 1-11 % for better AirPods/Watch. In view of
stronger AirPods/Watch demand and more positive iPhone outlook, we lifted
FY20-22E EPS by 1-11% as we estimate Luxshare's AirPods shipment to
reach 69mn/85mn and Watch sales to reach RMB 6bn/9bn in FY20/21E.
Beneficiary of Apple supplier diversification; Raise TP to RMB 74.2. Our
Source: Bloomberg
new TP of RMB 74.2 is based on rollover 42x FY21E P/E given strong
earnings CAGR and promising growth profile in iPhone/AirPods/Watch.
Auditor: BDO
Upcoming catalysts include stronger AirPods and 5G iPhone launch.
Related Reports:
Luxshare (002475 CH, Buy) -
Strong 2019 finish; Well-positioned
Please cast your valuable vote
for CMBIS research team in the
2020 Asiamoney Brokers Poll:
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimate
Earnings Revision
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Figure 2: CMBI estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Figure 3: Revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 4: P&L forecast
Valuation
Reiterate BUY and rasied TP to RMB 74.2 (35% upside)
We derived our 12m TP of RMB 74.2 based on rollover 42x FY21E P/E. We believe this is
justified as Luxshare continues to deliver strong earnings growth, market share gain and
product expansion to capture 5G and wireless opportunities in next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include stronger AirPods shipment, launch of iPhone in 2H20E and
China 5G subs ramp. Major risks include weaker AirPods demand, weaker yield
improvement and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS, * TP under review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.