The development of life-risk insurance operations has been synchronized, and nbv has continued to grow at a high rate. Events: TPS China published its semi-annual report for 2023, realizing 134,064 million yuan in insurance services, and TPS China (6,1601.sh)
B+74 per cent, RMB 42,865 million, or 6.5 per cent, of the insurance service; EPP $89,320 million, or +15.1 per cent, of the insurance operation; and the Group ' s net profit of $18,332 million, RMB Dynasty.
The Nbv growth performance was good, and the exchange of accounting standards and investment performance put a small strain on net profit performance. Billion dollars, +2.5%, of which the new policy premium was +4.1%; companies achieved nbv7361 million, and net profit performance was low.
Income from investment and net profits from middle-life insurance operations were 19.5 per cent and 12.5 per cent respectively, and investment in treasury operations steadily increased team capacity and income and significantly improved the quality of operations.
The reform of the “triple top five” career marketing system has led to a shift in professionalism and specialization, with a consistent improvement in overall quality and in core indicators. Companies focus on core manpower and fund-raising, and companies have a high level of innovation in the number of mdrts in the first half of the year, with an average of 219,000 insurance salesmen per month of 1h23, compared to the ratio--
29.8 per cent of the workforce continues to be in disillusioned, while the overall size of the team continues to decrease while the quality of the team continues to improve, with the agent ' s first annual size premium of $16963, or +66.1 per cent, and the number of core manpower companies achieving the size premium of $22,145 million, or +7.7 per cent, with the amount of new coverage being paid in the interim.
The same ratio +460.0 per cent boosted the contribution rate of 26.7 pct for new insurance, the silver insurance channel nbv insurance premiums increased faster, the quality of operations improved and the coor remained below 98 per cent.
Increase by 4.0 pct, with more balanced vehicle and non-car insurance operations. 1h23 combined cost rate of 97.9 per cent compared to +0.6 pc compared to the same rate of lump-sum payments following the liberalization of socio-economic activities at the beginning of the year.
Non-car insurance premiums + 24.5 per cent, combined cost rate of 97.9 per cent, same ratio-0.5 pct, agricultural insurance, liability for cindasecuritiesco., ltd insurance, corporate insurance, combined cost of health insurance, 101.2 per cent, same ratio
House No. 1 of 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, 2.1 per cent (unannual), year-on-year +0.6 pct; gross investment return (less year-end growth of 2.9 per cent), fully taking into account the impact of the implementation of the new accounting standards, the company has moved into equity-based assets.
Proactive management and sustained extension of fixed-income assets with tight credit risk controls Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies continue to promote long-boat change at life-risk operations, long-boats have achieved significant improvement in the quality of proxy teams under the first phase of the operation, and “core” basic laws have been significantly reformed
Increased marketing motivation, and the Long Air Initiative II project is expected to lead companies further to high-quality development. In recent times, the Ministry of Finance, the National Tax Administration, and the CVM have introduced a series of policies to boost capital market development, which we believe are expected to increase in line with the steady growth policies of the previous period.
Active and dynamic, guided by policies of steady growth and expansion of domestic demand, real estate risk resolution and maintenance of appropriate liquidity and exchange rate stability, the performance of the insurance end-of-asset performance is expected to increase, and asset end-of-life restoration is expected to further reverse the valuation of the plate on the basis of the firm's continued robustness of the liability schedule.
Risk factors: agent exhibition recovery is not as fast as expected; agent capacity decline leads to loss of staff \triangleright figure 1: new bill (millions of dollars) and growth in the first year
New business value (millions of dollars) and growth International financial profession, Vice-Director of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations, formerly employed in the China-China Investment Portfolio, Huashu.
In November 2019, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a Master ' s degree in economics, University of Shandong, and a Master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years ' experience in the non-banking financial sector, where he worked in Tianfeng securities, and in August 2022, he joined the Sinda securities for research in the non-banking financial sector.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Science, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Liao Yi-chung, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as an Emeritus College, Financial Science Pilot Course.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.