In response to the wave of public fund-raising development, borrowing funds to further fund management operations (for the first time) Extensive Portfolio (000776) In-depth Report
16 January 2024. The company was the first consolidated securities firm in the country and was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and on the Hong Kong United Exchange Board in 2010 and 2015, respectively.
Focusing on high-quality Chinese enterprises and wealthy people, capital market-based integrated service providers with industry-led innovation capabilities offer diversified operations to meet the diverse needs of enterprises, individual and institutional investors, financial institutions and government clients.
Corporate performance fluctuates periodically. Over the years, corporate performance followed stock market behaviour on a weekly basis. The securities industry has been largely positive, with company performance rebounding and net return profits achieved, respectively. The number of company investment advisers ranked first in the industry. According to the China Securities Association, as of 2024,1
People, ranked third in the industry, have a large investment team that helps to provide professional consulting services to clients.
In the area of production management, wealth management leads. Fund rate reform has led to the expectation that the industry will continue to grow and that companies will continue to do a great deal in the area of management through the FDR Fund and the Open Fund. For the first time, the company will be given an “uptake” rating. The company is expected to be 2023 to 2023.
Declines in revenue from brokering; large market fluctuations leading to changes in investment returns and fair value; less than expected progress in capital market reforms; risks of changes in corporate governance mechanisms; risks of credit irregularities; risks of increased industry regulation; and increased risks associated with industry competition.
The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and on the Hong Kong United Exchange Board in 2010 and 2015, respectively.
Rich people, integrated capital market service providers with industry-led innovation skills. Companies provide diversified operations to meet the diverse needs of enterprises, individuals (especially the rich) and institutional investors, financial institutions, and government clients. Companies have full business licences for investment banking, wealth management, transaction and institutional customer services, investment management, and major industries.
At the same time, corporate holdings have spread futures, open-source funds, open-share Hong Kong, open-source credit, wide-dry and broad-source management, investment equity participation funds (with the first largest shareholder), licensing companies, China Credit Enhancements, and the Chinese Inter-Agency Quoting System, Inc., have been actively explored.
The business of leasing, ppp and qdlp, among others, forms a preliminary financial grouping structure. 1.1 The company's history has changed.
On 26 August 1992, the China CSRC approved the restructuring of the company’s shareholding, delinking from the Guangdong Development Bank, and the replenishment programme. On 17 October 2000, the Chinese CVM “Certificate Monitoring Fund [2000] 76” agreed to prepare for the establishment of the Fonda Fund.
On 31 January 2007, ICSU-Hong Kong Broker (Hong Kong) Ltd. and ICFO-Hong Kong Ltd. were awarded securities accounting and investment license plates issued by the Hong Kong Censorship Commission. On 12 February 2010, ICSU (000776) was on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
On April 10, 2015, the Stock Exchange Company Ltd. successfully listed on Hong Kong’s main trading board, H-share code 1776, issued at a price of HK$280 billion per stock, the largest ipo in the world as of the time of listing, and the year 2015 when it opened.
On January 11, 2016, the company was approved by the People’s Bank of China to become a marketer in the country’s interbank bond market. On January 25, 2019, the company submitted to the Shanghai Stock Exchange, under the auspices of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Sharon Quality Quality Agency and Personal Recognition Conference, and received a “10 Quality Dealer”
In January 2020, the company won the second prize for the second prize for the best new wealth investment consultant and the fourth prize for the best new wealth investment team. The company won 36.4% of the award for the best investment in the industry.
In July 2020, corporate fund-raising reached $50,820 million, a milestone crossing. In December 2021, the company won “China Gold Cow Securities Corporation” and “Specific Securities Corporation”