In mid-2021, Bo Fung Energy reported a good performance and still promising growth — Bo Fong Energy (600989.sh)
The rise in the price of Cao Xuant's main product led to an increase in performance, which, in terms of prices, benefited from the effects of supply-side reforms and delays in the release of new production capacity, the price of coke products.
In the first half of the year, the price of polyolefins increased by 60%. In the first half of the year, the average price of polyethylene and polypropylene rose by 23% and 12%, and in the first half of the year, despite the same increase in the price of raw materials, the company reduced its cost by a number of ways.
In the case of raw coal, for example, the 2.2 million tonnes of coke gasification methanol project, which was introduced in mid-year, led to a significant reduction in methanol extraction costs for the production of acrylic products. In the case of coke, the 2.4 million tons of red coal mine produced last year further boosted the company’s coal self-sufficiency.
Rates, coupled with the company’s flexibility to adjust the distribution of coal and thin coal, to increase the production of home-grown coal, and to reduce the procurement of high-quality refined coal, thereby reducing the cost. The project has successively expanded the company’s leading edge.
There will be several heavyweight projects in the coming years, of which: 3 million tonnes/year of cogeneration projects are well under way, the first of which is expected to be completed by August 2021 with a cold-state installation at the bottom, and the entire project is expected to be operational by the end of 2021
The three-stage project of 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based and 500,000 tonnes/year-based coal-based hydrocarbons and c2-c5 is expected to be launched in 2022, with 250,000 tonnes/year-olds installed and 4 million tonnes/year-olds of coal-based hydrocarbons demonstration projects in Mongolia also progressing steadily.
1 Treasurehouse Energy (600989.sh): Carbon Capability Corporation has added a special section on carbon emission reduction to the project's EGAR report and has been reviewed. The advantages of the Nemonggu project in terms of raw material supply, labour costs and technology are expected to expand further compared to the Ningdong project.
Carbon neutralization opens up the space for future growth, and the company actively embraces the national double carbon strategy and leads the green hydrogen project within the industry. The integrated solar, electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated application demonstration project is a practical deployment of the two carbon strategy.
Partially completed, the overall project will be fully completed by the end of 2021, with an additional 380,000 tonnes of coal consumption and an additional 660,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions per year.
Step up conversion rates and lower helium-making costs, by which firms will further expand the green helium production and the new energy landscape, which will provide a wider development space for businesses. The aromatics and cokering industry will be profitable for the long term, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.