Thanks to the expansion of production capacity and higher prices for products, higher corporate profits - the semi-annual performance forecast of the BMW in 2021 - ..and the build-up of new production capacity with higher prices for products, with a significant increase in the performance of 2021q2
Tons/year red four coal mines are officially put into joint operation on a test basis. (2) The price of the main camp product is higher than the price of the same: 2021q2 line low density. The national average price of polyethylene is $8472.0 per ton, +25.6 per cent; the national average price of polypropene is $895.5.9 per ton, which compares with the trend of 300 in depth.
Corporate cost advantages are clear, and the continued expansion of production capacity opens up the company's profitable ceiling \triangleright Cost advantages: the coal-based carbide has a stable supply compared to the oil-based hydrocarbon raw material due to the abundance of coal in the country
At the same time, the company has a stronger cost control, deeper integration, and convergence than the industry. As a result, it has a stronger cost control advantage.
The construction of 1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons and 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons is expected to bring the total production capacity of coal-based hydrocarbons to 6.2 million tonnes/year.
In 2019, the company launched the 200mw photovoltaic power generation and 20,000 metrics/hour electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated application demonstration project, which will achieve an annual hydrogen production of 160 million metrics/year, 80 million by-product oxygen/year, and a demonstration project. The first phase of the project was launched in February 2021. The company is actively engaged in research and development and demonstration projects for hydrogen production technology.
Building and future industrialization, responding to the “carbon neutral” policy trend, investing in the future, pushing companies towards low-pe, and considering the company's leading edge in coal-based hydrocarbons, we believe that the company's value is underestimated, maintaining the “recommended” 1.
Prices of polyethylene, polypropylene and coke have fallen; new projects have slowed down.
The University of Nanjing’s Land Department, in conjunction with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Rutgers, United States of America, trains PhDs (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) for geochemistry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.