It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of energy.com.tw.
q2 Re-innovation, contribution to green development in the hydrogen energy industry 21 years in mid-year, H1 returns 10,467 million yuan in 21 years, yoy + 39 per cent, net return to the mother 3,733 million yuan, yoy + 78 per cent, net profit excluding the mother 3,870 million yuan, yoy + 87 per cent, in line with the previous period
At the same time, the company announced its participation in the subscription of a listed company, China Chemical Non-Exclusive Share, not to exceed the amount of the offer, which is a domestic company with a significant cost advantage, a leading technology, and a pre-positioning of the industry, carbon abatement measures, which will come into effect in the future and lead to a more high-quality green development path.
The price of the main product rose and the company’s profits increased: the company’s performance grew significantly over the 21-year period, largely as a result of the increase in the price of the main product. 21-year-old H1 company’s main product, p., pp., coke, retrofitted asphalt, +36%. Higher product prices led to higher profits for the company, with the company’s Māori ratio reaching 51.59% over the reporting period.
The cost advantages are further highlighted by the synergistic development of the various sections of the company, which have improved their collection, with a single-season revenue of 2,729 million yoy + 21%, qoq + 0.47%. The single-season sales of coke have increased significantly to 1.26 million tons, yoy + 9%, qoq + 23%, and the single-season harvest of coke products.
A single-season industrial product of $603 million, yoy+213, qoq+32%. The company’s industrial chain is closely connected, and the products of the previous unit are directly the material of the next unit, which provides a strong guarantee for the stability of the material supply and production.
Pre-production, long-term growth of the hydrogen energy industry is guaranteed by the “carbon neutral” pressure, with coal-based industrial capacity expanded by the end of the year: 3 rounds of 500,000 tonnes of coal-based hydrocarbons and 500,000 tonnes of carbon2-c5 combined use year were completed. With regard to hydrogen energy, the company launched a national solar electrolytic hydrogen storage in 2019.
The project uses an efficient alkali electrolytic tank hydrogen device with a single production capacity of 1,000 metrics/hour, with corresponding hydrogen compressor and storage equipment that produces 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” annually. Ten units are now operational and are expected to be fully operational by the end of the year.
The “green hydrogen” “green oxygen” produced by the project will be supplied directly to chemical plants, replacing raw materials Coal, fuel-coal hydrogen and oxygen production, reducing coal resources by about 380,000 tons per year, adding new carbon dioxide emissions by about 660,000 tons per year, and 5 per cent of the total carbon emissions from new chemical-reducing plants by the year will be replaced by:
An effective solution to the process emissions of the coal industry to achieve a true “carbon neutralization.” Appendix III: Consolidated cash flow statement. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.