The Center for Research on Resources and the Environment has increased profits, strengthened cost advantages, and continued to advance the project process by signing up to a listed company, China, for non-public distribution of shares in chemistry, for a sum not exceeding RMB 1 billion.
Multi-product prices are resonant, leading companies to make a big profit. The company's second quarter yields $588 million, an increase of 40.32 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $2,006 million for the mother, and a significant increase in the prices of several products such as polyfin hydrocarbons, pure benzene, modified asphalt, mtbe, etc.
The company's overall net profit ring for the second quarter rose by about 16.07%. The sales of the company's whole product remained stable in the second quarter, and the sales of coke increased by about 19%.
Over the years, the Department has combined its locational advantages to rationalize the production chain, and to achieve full resource utilization and cost savings.
On this basis, the company, through its own technology and management optimization, further optimizes the process and lowers the production cost, with a 4.71 per cent decrease in the previous year in the comparison of methanol II coal in the first half of the year, an increase of 68.91 per cent in the recovery rate of the acetylene 2 plant through technical modifications to propane.
The company continues to optimize on the basis of its pre-existing advantages, reduce costs, and strengthen its competitive advantages. Building productive capacity and enabling companies to acquire long-term growth space are being promoted.
In the process, the solar electrolytic hydrogen project, which already has 10 electrolytic tank-made hydrogen units in operation, is expected to produce 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” annually by the end of the year, providing effective support to companies in reducing low-cost coal use and reducing low-carbon emissions, while the company's three-phase project is still in place.
In the sequence, the Ningdong 4 stage coal acetylene project has been pre-evaluated, the Inner Mon 4 million tonnes/year coal acetylene acetylene project has been added to the project EPR report and has been reviewed, and companies have continued to promote planning and construction projects to provide growth space for companies to develop in the long term.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn Construction of new projects at a slower pace than expected; risk of high volatility in product prices; high prices of raw materials
Fluctuation risk; policy changes impact on the company ' s future new production capacity risk. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as an average market investment