High revenue growth, strong Māori growth - the semi-annual performance of Bo Fung Energy in 2021, rapid growth, significant increase in Māori, and good cash flow
At the end of income: Sub-products, FC products received $5.44 billion, an increase of 23.15 per cent, coke products, $3.93 billion, an increase of 67.52 per cent, and refined chemical products, an increase of $1.06 billion, an increase of 45.28 per cent. Māori rate: after childbirth, companies increase costs less than price increases for products. Cash flow: operating cash flows achieved in the first half of 2021
The company’s cost advantages are clear. The company’s cost advantages are significant: the coal-based hydrocarbon process is supplied with raw materials compared to oil-based hydrocarbons because of the abundance of coal resources in the country.
It should be stable, and most of the domestic coal-based hydrocarbon installations are located near coal mines, with shorter transport distances than oil-based hydrocarbons and significantly reduced transport costs. Compared to the coal-based industry, companies have advanced technology (low consumption of raw materials), project yuan/tons, while the cost of coal energy and China’s Senghua for the same period is 4985 and 4625 tons, respectively, at a cost to companies.
Energy expansion opens up profitable ceilings: The company ' s coal-based production was 1.2 million tonnes/year, or 10% of the country ' s total capacity, as of the previous year, 2021. The company ' s future total production capacity will be over 6.2 million tonnes/year, following the launch of the three million tonnes/year project in Ningxia, the four phases and the 4 million tonnes/year project in the Ningxia.
The coke production capacity is 4 million tons, while the 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-production project is expected to be completed by the end of 2021, when the new materials and the green hydrogen double-wheel drive, high end product and low carbonization parallel \triangleright
In 2019, the company launched an electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated response project using an efficient alkali cell hydrogen device with a single capacity of 1,000 metrics/hours.
The corresponding hydrogen compression and storage equipment, which produces 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” annually, is currently operational and is scheduled to be fully operational by the end of this year; the conversion project is expected to reduce coal consumption by approximately 380,000 tons per year, carbon dioxide emissions by 660,000 tons per year, and carbon emissions from new abatement and reduction plants by year
5% of the total, and the combined benefits are significant. Increased product prices, higher corporate profitability.
The “recommended” rating is maintained, taking into account the company's cost advantage in coal-based hydrocarbons and the rapid growth in the company's performance over the next three years in the production capacity of the company's hydrocarbon and coke operations. Prices of polyethylene, polypropylene and coke have fallen; the pace of progress on new projects has slowed; and the company's coal mine approval process has slowed.
The company ' s financial statement projections are summarized in Yang Jian, a joint Ph.D. (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Computation of Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) department of the Nanjing University Land Department of Rutgers University, United States of America.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.