The coal-chemical giants are actively preparing for carbon neutrality, making a steady q2 crop, Maori, and net profit gains, which have increased by 1.85 percentage points. The main reason for their performance in the first half of the year and q2 was the company’s production path.
Line cost plus high price growth for products. Chart 12021 H1 sale price for major products ($/ton) In 2019, the company invested $1.4 billion in construction, including 2000-0-hour electrolytic hydrogen devices (hydrogens)
Gas 160 million metrics/year, oxygen 80 million standard/year) and integrated solar electrolytic hydrogen projects such as the public support facility and the 200mw composite photovoltaic power station are the largest integration projects in the country.
A demonstration project to support sustained growth in performance, with the introduction of internationally advanced technology and equipment, the first of which is the direct supply of “green hydrogen” “green oxygen” to chemical plants, the replacement of raw materials such as coal, fuel coal, hydrogen and oxygen production, and the reduction of coal resources each year.
The growth momentum continued in the third quarter, with new projects costing about 380,000 tons, annual reductions in carbon dioxide emissions of about 660,000 tons, and annual reductions of 5 per cent of the total carbon emissions from chemical installations. The first installations were shipped in April 2021 and will be fully completed by the end of 2021
3. A two-fold increase in profits from polyolefin products 4 x 1 million tonnes/year coal-based new materials in Mongolia Ltd. 2.6 million tonnes/year of the pilot project has been approved by the local government to be completed by the end of 2023.
According to corporate disclosures, companies have recently been guided by the relevant national authorities. In line with the “carbon neutral, carbon peak” policy requirements, a special section on carbon emission reductions has been added to the project's EPR report and has been reviewed, and work processes will continue to be actively pursued at a later stage, as required by the policy.
On 9 August 2021, the company announced its intention to take part in the acquisition of non-public shares in Chinese chemistry for a sum not exceeding 1 billion yuan (in the event that the company is awarded shares in Chinese chemistry, the final amount of the subscription is based on the actual allocation) in order to facilitate the full establishment of strategic cooperative relations between the two sides.
China's chemistry has accumulated a great deal of technology in coal-chemicals, carbon neutrals, and cooperation between companies and Chinese chemistry in equipment, technology, and processes has allowed the two sides to focus their efforts on increasing scientific input and development, and to encourage companies to manage “carbon emissions” from the source and achieve “carbon neutrality” at an early date.
In the future, the company will increase its investment in research and development on the cost of producing hydrogen while replacing fossil energy with green hydrogen while reducing the cost to a gas-based equilibrium and achieving green low-carbon development; and maintain active contact with government departments in the construction of the project.
To meet the policy requirements associated with carbon emission reduction in a timely manner: to develop carbon reduction processes in collaboration with the engineering giants in an effort to reduce carbon at the source. The company, as the leader of the coal industry, is actively preparing for carbon neutralization in the future.
Contact person: Wang Peng, Master of Chemistry, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, University of Tianjin, four years of experience in energy chemical engineering, many years of experience in project investment assessment and market use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report from open information in the market, with no personal assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these information, and no change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.