Non-Golden Financial Securities: An Integrated Financial Service to Increase Market Shares in Brokering and Performance Industry Leads.
The net profit of shareholders in the current parent company was $9,841 million, down 31.47 per cent and the median 51 per cent from the same period the previous year, respectively, and the performance of the country’s Thai government had a clear comparative advantage in the same industry. The net return + the fair value change achieved $7.7 billion, a 16 per cent decline in the same year, and the total return on investment.
The contribution of individual clients to the company’s performance is evident, and the market for brokering is becoming more competitive.
There are 69 new securities departments and approximately 12 million mobile phone end-users.
Investment proposal: A company is a powerful, comprehensive bond company, and the transformation of wealth management has raised the market share of the business of discipline, research has led to market influence, business rankings are advanced, and the industry has a clear comparative advantage. The decline in net profits for the programme parent is mainly due to a decline in the revenue of the brokering business, which is equal to -60% of the total market share.
The overall volume contraction was about 50 per cent, and the compounding of the commission rate was still declining. Investment operations and management income increased by a factor of 32 per cent to 32 per cent, respectively; the net revenue from brokering fees contributed nearly $7.1 billion, or 27 per cent; and the interest income generated by credit operations and so on contributed 4.6 billion, or 18 per cent: positive growth in investment operations, and financing operations contributed 3.5 billion, or 2.4 billion, respectively.
In terms of historical revenue collection structure, the change in 2016 was a record low and a new high: the second highest in six years, the highest in the last six years, the highest in 2014, and the first in 2016: the Integrated Financial Services Upgraded Brokering City.
The contribution of individual clients to the company's performance was highlighted, the market competitiveness of brokering operations continued to increase.
In 2016, the stock exchange between the two markets was 13.891 trillion yuan, down 48.72 per cent from the previous year, the market was further divided, and the public sector equity fund traded 5.09 per cent of the market share, ranked third in the industry, with 5.33 per cent of the stock traded market share and first in the industry compared to last year ' s net income (including seat lease). The financing bond balance was 57.735 billion yuan, the market share was 6.15 per cent, and the industry ranked first.
The improvement in market competitiveness has resulted, on the one hand, from the improved distribution of channels and, on the other hand, from the successful transformation of integrated financial services. Under the line, 69 new securities offices have been created, with a total of 368 securities departments and 17 futures departments.
At the end of 2016, there were about 12 million subscribers to mobile end-of-services; it was easy to raise the level of professional investment services; and it was important for the city to build smart finance.
At the end of 2016, there were 62.5 million members of the Golden Wealth Club.
The average daily sales of financial products amounted to 96,061 million yuan, an increase of 27.99 per cent over the previous year; the intergenerational marketing of financial products ranked first in the industry.
In 2016, securities market financing was revived, equity financing and bond financing increased significantly, reaching 1.98 trillion yuan in equity financing (ipo, fixed increase, equity allocation), an increase of 27.8 per cent compared to the previous year; bond-type finance was 532 trillion yuan, a growth rate of 79 per cent compared to the previous period; and priority shares) were under cover for $83,529 million, completing the Shanghai ipo project, which was the largest annual fund-raising fund-raising facility, and undertaking electricity in Shanghai.
Market-impact projects such as overseas M&As, and priority units in transport banks. Five cross-border M&As were completed, and a license plate for M&A consultants was obtained in the United States. The net revenue market share of the investment business was 5.11 per cent, a slight decrease from 5.76 per cent last year, but it was 5 per cent of the year that the Best Indigenous Research Team and the first most influential research institution were awarded 20 teams, 5 of them in each direction.
Ghai Junan (601211) 2016: Integrated financial services raise the market share of brokering, performance industry leads 39 per cent increase in the size of management operations and dedicated industry-led asset management agencies
At the end of 2016, the size of the asset management managed by Taijun was 846,426 million yuan, an increase of 39.08 per cent from the end of the previous year, the asset management industry was ranked third in the industry and second in the industry in the category of entrusted funds, and the size of the active management of assets was 305,861 million yuan, an increase of 40.88 per cent. At the same time, the management actively pursued business and product innovations such as asset securitization, abs as at the end of 2016.
During the reporting period, the Ministry of Cross-border Operations was set up to actively manage its operations abroad. Self-employed operations suffered relatively little from the impact of equity shocks, accounting for 13.5 per cent of the market.
High water cover, which has historically been less than 9%. The net capital share of the company ' s own equity group is about 32%, which is nine years more robust than in 2015, with a rating of industry aaa. Since 2015, tight regulation has been industry ' s first melody, and the country ' s compliance risk controls have been in place for nine years.
Industry aa rating, in the context of the current market fragmentation, has favoured companies to do more. The company is a powerful, comprehensive bond dealer, and the transformation of wealth management has raised the market share of brokering, and research has led to market influence.
Figure 9: Taijunon credit operations. Taijune (601211) Report 2016: Integrated financial services to raise the market share of brokerage operations, performance leading industry.
Gouthai Junan (601211) 2016: Integrated financial services to raise the market share of brokering, performance industry to lead
In December 2001, with the approval of the CSRC, our company divided itself into two companies with independent legal personality, owned and held the assets, operations and liabilities associated with the securities business as a residual company, and its registered capital changed.