China
BOE (A-Share) (000725 CH)
2Q18 miss on soft LCD panel price
Key points
2Q NI was down 49% YoY to Rmb957m, leading 1H18 NI to 33% of our and the
street's 2018 estimate (vs. 1H17 tracked 57% of 2017 NI).
2Q GM was down to 17.6% (vs. 20.8% / 26.9% in 1Q18 / 2Q17). Opex ratio
was slightly up to 12.6% (vs. 12.0% / 10.0% in 1Q18 / 2Q17).
We attribute the slow 2Q to soft panel price and expect a stronger 2H driven
by better seasonality and stabilizing LCD panel price.
Event
2Q miss, GM at 17.6% (Fig 1): 2Q revenues were -4% YoY to Rmb22bn,
leading 1H18 revenues to 36% / 37% of our / street's 2018 estimates (vs.
1H17 tracked 48% of 2017 revenues). We attribute the miss to soft LCD panel
Investment fundamentals
prices, especially in TV, which was down 26% / 18% / 13% in 2Q18 for 32" /
43" / 55" TVs. 2Q GM was 17.6% (vs. 20.8% / 26.9% in 1Q18 / 2Q17). The
opex ratio was slightly up to 12.6% (vs. 12.0% / 10.0% in 1Q18 / 2Q17). Given
the soft revenues, 2Q net income was down 49% YoY to Rmb957m, leading
1H18 NI to 33% of our / street's 2018 estimates (vs. 1H17 tracked 57% of
2017 NI).
Impact
Panel price trends have stopped falling but are likely to stay low: We believe
LCD panel prices have stopped falling, but are likely to stay low given new capacity
opening up and modest end demand. 32"/43"/55" TV panel prices are down
24%/27%/15% YTD, while BOE continues capacity expansion on TV panels: 1)
Gen-8.5 in Fuzhou reached full capacity in March 2018 with planned monthly
capacity at 150K mother glass, for 43"/55" TVs, 2) Gen-10.5 in Hefei started mass
production in March 2018, and targets to reach full capacity in 1H19, with planned
000725 CH rel CSI 300 performance, & rec
monthly capacity at 120K mother glass, for 65" TVs, and 3) Gen-10.5 in Wuhan
history
started construction in April 2018, and targets to start mass production in 2020,
with planned monthly capacity at 120K mother glass, for 65"/75" TVs.
Flexible OLED, engine #2 in 2019E: We are positive on BOE's flexible OLED
business, given the largest capacity (three fabs with planned monthly capacity
at 48K mother glass each) and the fastest roll-out (the Chengdu fab started
mass production in October 2017), supporting BOE to gain market share in its
home market. China. We expect rich China smartphone clients to accelerate
the learning curve. We see flexible OLED as engine #2 in 2019E, with better
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no
price, less competition and GM upside, compared to the LCD panel market.
Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
(all figures in Rmb unless noted, TP in CNY)
Earnings and target price revision
Analysts
We factor in 2Q18 results, and thus lower our 2018E EPS by 19%. We
Macquarie Capital Limited
maintain our 2019-20E EPS. No change to our PT.
Price catalyst
12-month price target: Rmb4.60 based on a PER method (13x 2019E PE).
Catalyst: 3Q18 results
Action and recommendation
Maintain Outperform.
Macquarie Quant View
The Quant View page below has been derived from models that are developed and maintained by Sales and Trading
personnel at Macquarie. The models are not a product of the Macquarie Research Department.
The quant model currently holds a reasonably negative view on BOE
Displays where the
Technology (A-Share). The strongest style exposure is Growth, indicating
company's ranked based on
this stock has good historic and/or forecast growth. Growth metrics focus on
the fundamental consensus
both top and bottom line items. The weakest style exposure is Quality,
Price Target and
indicating this stock is likely to have a weaker and less stable underlying
Macquarie's Quantitative
earnings stream.
Alpha model.
764/930
Two rankings: Local market
(China) and Global sector
Global rank in
(Technology Hardware &
Technology Hardware & Equipment
Equipment)
% of BUY recommendations
60% (3/5)
Number of Price Target downgrades
Number of Price Target upgrades
Macquarie Alpha Model ranking
Factors driving the Alpha Model
A list of comparable companies and their Macquarie Alpha model score
For the comparable firms this chart shows the key underlying styles and their
contribution to the current overall Alpha score.
(higher is better).
Drivers of Stock Return
Macquarie Earnings Sentiment Indicator
The Macquarie Sentiment Indicator is an enhanced earnings revisions
Breakdown of 1 year total return (local currency) into returns from dividends, changes
signal that favours analysts who have more timely and higher conviction
in forward earnings estimates and the resulting change in earnings multiple.
revisions. Current score shown below.
What drove this Company in the last 5 years
How it looks on the Alpha model
Which factor score has had the greatest correlation with the company's
A more granular view of the underlying style scores that drive the alpha (higher is
returns over the last 5 years.
better) and the percentile rank relative to the sector and market.
Source (all charts): FactSet, Thomson Reuters, and Macquarie Quant. For more details on the Macquarie Alpha model or for more customised analysis and
Important disclosures:
Financial definitions
Recommendation definitions
Volatility index definition*
Macquarie - Australia/New Zealand
This is calculated from the volatility of historical
All "Adjusted" data items have had the following
Outperform – return >3% in excess of benchmark return
price movements.
adjustments made:
Neutral - return within 3% of benchmark return
Added back: goodwill amortisation, provision for
Underperform – return >3% below benchmark return
Very high-highest risk – Stock should be
catastrophe reserves, IFRS derivatives & hedging,
expected to move up or down 60-100% in a year
IFRS impairments & IFRS interest expense
Benchmark return is determined by long term nominal
investors should be aware this stock is highly
Excluded: non recurring items, asset revals, property
GDP growth plus 12 month forward market dividend
speculative.
revals, appraisal value uplift, preference dividends &
yield, which is currently around 9%.
minority interests
High – stock should be expected to move up or
Macquarie - Asia/Europe
down at least 40-60% in a year - investors should
EPS = adjusted net profit / efpowa*
Outperform – expected return >+10%
be aware this stock could be speculative.
ROA = adjusted ebit / average total assets
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
ROA Banks/Insurance = adjusted net profit /average
Underperform – expected return <-10%
Medium – stock should be expected to move up
total assets
Mazi Macquarie – South Africa
or down at least 30-40% in a year.
ROE = adjusted net profit / average shareholders funds
Outperform - expected return >+10%
Gross cashflow = adjusted net profit + depreciation
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
Low-medium – stock should be expected to
Underperform – expected return <-10%
move up or down at least 25-30% in a year.
number of shares
Macquarie - Canada
Low – stock should be expected to move up or
All Reported numbers for Australian/NZ listed stocks
Outperform – return >5% in excess of benchmark return
are modelled under IFRS (International Financial
down at least 15–25% in a year.
Neutral – return within 5% of benchmark return
Reporting Standards).
Underperform – return >5% below benchmark return
Macquarie - USA
Recommendations – 12 months
Outperform (Buy) – return >5% in excess of Russell
Note: Quant recommendations may differ from
3000 index return
Fundamental Analyst recommendations
Neutral (Hold) – return within 5% of Russell 3000 index
return
index return
000725 CH vs CSI 300, & rec history
(all figures in CNY currency unless noted)
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
12-month target price methodology
000725 CH: Rmb4.60 based on a PER methodology
Company-specific disclosures:
Target price risk disclosures:
000725 CH: Any inability to compete successfully in their markets may harm the business. This could be a result of many factors which may include
geographic mix and introduction of improved products or service offerings by competitors. The results of operations may be materially affected by global
economic conditions generally, including conditions in financial markets. The company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates and input prices. From time to time, the company will enter into transactions, including transactions in derivative instruments, to
manage certain of these exposures.
Analyst certification:
We hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or
their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report. The Analysts responsible for preparing this report receive compensation from Macquarie that is based upon various factors
including Macquarie Group Ltd total revenues, a portion of which are generated by Macquarie Group's Investment Banking activities.
General disclaimers:
Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd; Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets North America
Ltd; Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc; Macquarie Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch; Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Macquarie
Securities (NZ) Ltd; Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn
Bhd; Macquarie Securities Korea Limited and Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the
Macquarie Research
BOE (A-Share) (000725 CH)
008 583 542 (MBL) or MGL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of any of the above mentioned
entities. MGL provides a guarantee to the Monetary Authority of Singapore in respect of the obligations and liabilities of Macquarie Capital Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd for up to SGD 35 million. This research has been prepared for the general use of the wholesale clients of the Macquarie Group and
must not be copied, either in whole or in part, or distributed to any other person. If you are not the intended recipient you must not use or disclose the
information in this research in any way. If you received it in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. We do not
guarantee the integrity of any e-mails or attached files and are not responsible for any changes made to them by any other person. MGL has
established and implemented a conflicts policy at group level (which may be revised and updated from time to time) (the "Conflicts Policy") pursuant to
regulatory requirements (including the FCA Rules) which sets out how we must seek to identify and manage all material conflicts of interest. Nothing in
this research shall be construed as a solicitation to buy or sell any security or product, or to engage in or refrain from engaging in any transaction. In
preparing this research, we did not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Macquarie salespeople, traders
and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions which are contrary to the
opinions expressed in this research. Macquarie Research produces a variety of research products including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis,
macro-economic analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of research product may differ from
recommendations contained in other types of research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise. Before making an
investment decision on the basis of this research, you need to consider, with or without the assistance of an adviser, whether the advice is appropriate
in light of your particular investment needs, objectives and financial circumstances. There are risks involved in securities trading. The price of securities
can and does fluctuate, and an individual security may even become valueless. International investors are reminded of the additional risks inherent in
international investments, such as currency fluctuations and international stock market or economic conditions, which may adversely affect the value of
the investment. This research is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable but we do not make any representation or warranty
that it is accurate, complete or up to date. We accept no obligation to correct or update the information or opinions in it. Opinions expressed are subject
to change without notice. No member of the Macquarie Group accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential or other loss arising
from any use of this research and/or further communication in relation to this research. Clients should contact analysts at, and execute transactions
through, a Macquarie Group entity in their home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. The date and timestamp for above share price and
market cap is the closed price of the price date. #CLOSE is the final price at which the security is traded in the relevant exchange on the date indicated.
Members of the Macro Strategy team are Sales & Trading personnel who provide desk commentary that is not a product of the Macquarie Research
department or subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or any other regulation regarding independence in the provision of equity research.
Country-specific disclaimers:
Australia: In Australia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd (AFSL No. 238947), a participating organization of the
Australian Securities Exchange. Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited staff involved with the preparation of research have regular interaction with
companies they cover. Additionally, Macquarie Group Limited does and seeks to do business with companies covered by Macquarie Research. There
are robust information barriers in place to protect the independence of Macquarie Research's product. However, recipients of Macquarie Research
should be aware of this potential conflict of interest. New Zealand: In New Zealand, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (NZ) Ltd.
a NZX Firm. Canada: In Canada, research is prepared, approved and distributed by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd., a (i) member of the
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund, and (ii) participating organisation of the Toronto
Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange & Montréal Exchange. This research is distributed in the United States, as third party research by Macquarie
Capital Markets North America Ltd., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation. Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. accepts responsibility for the contents of reports issued by Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. in the United States and sent to US persons. Any US person wishing to effect transactions in the securities described in
the reports issued by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. should do so with Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. This research is
intended for distribution in the United States only to major Institutional Investors (as such term is defined in SEC 15a-6 and Section 15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and is not intended for the use of any person or entity that is not a major institutional investor. Research analysts
of Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. The Research Distribution Policy of Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. is to allow all clients that are entitled to have equal access to our research. United Kingdom: In the United Kingdom,
research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Germany: In Germany, this research is issued and/or distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, which is
authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (No. 193905), and in Germany by BaFin. France: In France, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Hong Kong & Mainland China: In Hong Kong, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Limited, which is licensed and
regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission. In Mainland China, Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited Shanghai Representative Office only
engages in non-business operational activities excluding issuing and distributing research. Only non-A share research is distributed into Mainland China
by Macquarie Capital Limited. Japan: In Japan, research is Issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Japan) Limited, a member of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and Osaka Exchange, Inc. (Financial Instruments Firm, Kanto Financial Bureau (kin-sho) No. 231, a member of Japan
Securities Dealers Association). India: In India, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. (CIN:
U65920MH1995PTC090696), 92, Level 9, 2 North Avenue, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051, India, which is a
SEBI registered Research Analyst having registration no. INH000000545. Malaysia: In Malaysia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Company registration number: 463469-W) which is a Participating Organisation of Bursa Malaysia Berhad and
a holder of Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission. Taiwan: In Taiwan, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch, which is licensed and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission. No portion of the report may be
reproduced or quoted by the press or any other person without authorisation from Macquarie. Nothing in this research shall be construed as a
solicitation to buy or sell any security or product. The recipient of this report shall not engage in any activities which may give rise to potential conflicts of
interest to the report. Research Associate(s) in this report who are registered as Clerks only assist in the preparation of research and are not engaged in
writing the research. Macquarie may be in past one year or now being an Issuer of Structured Warrants on securities mentioned in this report. Thailand:
In Thailand, research is produced, issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. is a licensed
securities company that is authorized by the Ministry of Finance, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand and is an exchange
member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The Thai Institute of Directors Association has disclosed the Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed
Companies made pursuant to the policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd does not endorse
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4. South Korea: In South Korea, unless otherwise stated, research is prepared, issued and distributed by Macquarie
Securities Korea Limited, which is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services. Information on analysts in MSKL is disclosed at
001000. South Africa: In South Africa, research is issued and distributed by Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd, a member of the JSE Limited.
Singapore: In Singapore, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Company Registration Number:
198702912C), a Capital Markets Services license holder under the Securities and Futures Act to deal in securities and provide custodial services in
Singapore. Pursuant to the Financial Advisers (Amendment) Regulations 2005, Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd is exempt from
complying with sections 25, 27 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Act. All Singapore-based recipients of research produced by Macquarie Capital
(Europe) Limited, Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd, Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. represent and
warrant that they are institutional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act. United States: In the United States, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., accepts
responsibility for the content of each research report prepared by one of its non-US affiliates when the research report is distributed in the United States
by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.'s affiliate's analysts are not registered as research analysts with FINRA, may not be
associated persons of Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., and therefore may not be subject to FINRA rule restrictions on communications with a subject
company, public appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account. Information regarding futures is provided for reference
purposes only and is not a solicitation for purchases or sales of futures. Any persons receiving this report directly from Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and
Macquarie Research
BOE (A-Share) (000725 CH)
wishing to effect a transaction in any security described herein should do so with Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Important disclosure information
representative at 1-888-MAC-STOCK, or write to the Supervisory Analysts, Research Department, Macquarie Securities, 125 W.55th Street, New York,
NÝ 10019.
© Macquarie Group
Equities
Asia Research
Head of Equity Research
Emerging Leaders
Technology
Automobiles, Auto Parts
Infrastructure, Industrials, Transportation
Banks and Financials
Scott Russell (Asia)
Telecoms
Dexter Hsu (China, Taiwan)
Keisuke Moriyama (Japan)
Chan Hwang (Korea)
Internet, Media and Software
Suresh Ganapathy (India)
Jayden Vantarakis (Indonesia)
Anand Pathmakanthan (Malaysia)
Utilities, Renewables
Gilbert Lopez (Philippines)
Ken Ang (Singapore)
Peach Patharavanakul (Thailand)
Basic Materials, Commodities
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals
Strategy, Country
Conglomerates
Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
Consumer, Gaming
Linda Huang (Asia)
Property, REIT
Zibo Chen (China, Hong Kong)
Find our research at
Terence Chang (China, Hong Kong)
Macquarie:
Sunny Chow (China, Hong Kong)
Thomson:
Reuters:
Stella Li (China, Taiwan)
Bloomberg:
MAC GO
Leon Rapp (Japan)
Factset:
Kwang Cho (Korea)
CapitallQ
Amit Sinha (India)
Robert Pranata (Indonesia)
Richardo Walujo (Indonesia)
Denise Soon (Malaysia)
Karisa Magpayo (Philippines)
Chalinee Congmuang (Thailand)
Asia Sales
Regional Heads of Sales
Regional Heads of Sales cont'd
Sales Trading cont'd
Sales Trading