The Sini Hill evidences are coming through the sky, and in the Ningde era (300,750.sz) condensed batteries with high power and high security are expected to produce fast quantities.
Event of 19 April 2023: On 19 April, a new generation of front-line battery technologies, condensed cells, with a high energy density of 500wh/kg, with excellent electrical discharge and high safety performance, was launched in the Ninder era.
The Ninder era condensed batteries combined with high power ratios and high safety, and air machine collaboration proved powerful. The energy density of the condensed cells released in the Nender era was as high as 500wh/kg, using high power imitation of biocondensed concentrated electrodes, building micrometer levels self-adapted to network structures, regulating the interaction of the chain.
Market data: 19 April 2023, while increasing microstructural stability, increasing battery power performance and the efficiency of lithium ion transport; condensed ion batteries have also converged to include ultra-high equivalencies, new negative poles, sequestered membranes and new processes.
Highest/minimum amount per year: A range of innovative technologies that provide both excellent discharge performance and high safety.
Market value (billions): In addition to testing to meet aviation safety and quality requirements, the Condensed Battery Vehicle Standard Application version Condensed Cells are glue-like electrolyte cells, with a view to semi-stabilized batteries achieving a gw class next year.
Basic data: December 31, 2022 The condensate cell electrolyte, unlike the normal liquid lithium ion cell, is a glue-like electrolyte, using a polymer technical route. The condensed cell is more conductive and safe and can be bulk-based.
High-energy products such as high-energy-density positive material, new negative electrodes, and sequestered membrane have led to a significant increase in core energy intensity compared to existing liquid cells. Semi-solid cells differ from the material core of liquid cells by electrolytic decomposition, and positive and negative materials, additives; in this case, positive aspects, Ninder may achieve triple electric power.
In the case of semi-solid batteries, which are currently or in the case of silicone, graphite, which are expected to be in the future and semi-silicon, or are expected to be in the case of whole lithium, and in the case of additives, which are expected to be mainly peo, lifsi, litfsi, and llzo. In the case of semi-silient battery industrialization, it is expected that this year the core companies will achieve a megawatt-class load.
Gw class loads will be achieved next year. 37% of power cell loads in 2022, 42.4% in storage batteries, 289gwh for lithium batteries in 2022.
116.6% of them, of which the power cell delivered 242gwhh and stored 47gwhh. On the market side, according to sneresearch, global power cell loads amounted to 517.9gwhh in 2022, of which Ninder installed 191.6gwh, the city increased its share by 4.4 pct to 37%; and global storage battery output in 2022.
122.2gwh, Ninder's 47gwh, with an increase in the city's share of 5.1 pct to 42.4 per cent, the price of raw materials has risen significantly, the volume of new energy vehicles sold has fallen short of expectations, and the demand for storage capacity has fallen short of expectations. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.