Power storage is a double-drive, q1 is an effective inventory.
Quarterly report for the Ningde era of 2023, with $89.38 billion in operating income in the first quarter, driven by both power storage and effective quarterly de-stocking: according to ggii data, the market value of the share in circulation a in 2023q1 (billion yuan)
The national power cell market was 128gwh, the ring was 12.3% lower, and 2023q1 storage of lithium batteries showed a relative depth of 300 indexes, and the volume was about 42gwh, a 28% increase from the same period. In the low-consumption season, the Ningde era went into stock.
According to the financial statements, hundreds of millions of dollars are worth more than $12.6 billion a quarter. ggii anticipates that lithium batteries will remain largely stock-cleaning in the first half of the second quarter and that production will recover in the second half of the second quarter.
In the first quarter of 2023, the price of lithium carbonate fell through an average annual price of approximately 470,000 yuan per ton for the entire year of 2022. The price of lithium carbonate at the end of March reached 213,000 yuan per ton.
62.03%, and then in mid-April, they fell further by $200,000. The decline in upstream raw materials was conducive to easing the cost pressures of the Ningde era. In the first quarter of 2023, the net return gains of the Ningde era reached $9.82 billion, an increase of 557.97%, with Māori rates and net interest rate levels, respectively.
The power reserves are growing fast, the lithium taps are strong, the production capacity continues to expand, and the profits, Māori rates and net interest rates of the lithium taps are in the same decline.
Focusing on innovation in R&D and keeping the market competitive: the first quarter of the company spent $4.65 billion on R&D, an increase of 81.16 per cent. With sustained investment in capital, manpower, etc., the technology mounds of the Ninder era were kept solid. The Chirí car announced on April 17 that the sodium of the Ninder era was sodium.
The ion battery will be the first to fall on the Dichiri-related model; on April 18, the polar kryptonite 009 on the Ninderian power tank will be officially delivered at the Shanghai Car Fair as the global bulk of the thorium battery; and the pyromium 001 on the thallium battery will be delivered at the end of April, with a further mileage.
The ideal car was also announced on the same day that the company’s first pure electric car would be the world’s first volume-car model with 40 americium batteries. The company would insist on innovation so that the core idea of producing a technologically advanced peer, achieving excellence in manufacturing and management would compete with the market.
Risk factors: less than expected global new energy vehicle sales; increased market competition; and higher prices for raw materials.