During the Ninder era (300,750.sz), the Automobile Group performed beyond expectations, and new technologies continued to lead.
On April 20, the 23-year quarterly paper was published in the Nender era. 1q23 generated $89.04 billion, i.e. +83 per cent, ring 25 per cent, net profit to the mother $9.82 billion, i.e. +558 per cent, Māori 21.3 per cent, i.e. +6.8 pt, ring 1.3 pct, q1 operating cash flows close to +6.8 pt
21 billion. Company performance is high! Single whh net profit is stable and inventory management is effective. 1) Volume: 1q23, Corporate Power + Storage Power 1.
2. Overperformance, Recovering Profitability -- 3022 Performance Review, 2022.10.23. Overperformance, Recovering Profitability, Visible 3q22 Nender Performance
The shipment came from a 4022-million-dollar inventory at the end of March, with a continuous rise in city occupancy at the end of December, and new technologies are beginning to materialize. In January-February, the company launched a global power cell base, released a number of vehicles, and the company is expected to be in Europe and America.
The rate will continue to rise. New technology: 1) radon batteries: currently produced, highly recognized on polar kryptonium 009, with 4c cells starting with the ideal; 2) sodium batteries: will first drop in Chirii; 3) condensate batteries: 500wh/kg, first used in civilian electric vehicles
Human aircraft, follow-up to the car code version, with a view to achieving volume capacity in the year. The continued realization of new technologies will further consolidate the company’s technological advantages and customer stickyness, and guarantee the resource-end thrusting layout at a cost that is still significantly lower than the current lithium price.
In mid-year, production could contribute 50-60 million tons of capacity this year, depending on the price of lithium carbonate on the market, the cost of goods delivered by companies is still significantly lower than the current cost of lithium, and the increase in the self-supply ratio will continue to drive the cost of corporate materials down.
Profit predictions, valuations and ratings are more likely to be higher at the tram stops in May, and demand begins to take the recovery route, pulling the battery outlet upwards. q1 is the very clear bottom of the battery industry chain, with an expected q2 holding.
The equivalent is 22/18 x, and the company’s position as a global power & storage battery is well known and recommended, thanks to strong bargaining power and process & cost barriers. The volume of new energy vehicles sold is not as high as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market