\triangleright \triangleright
In the Ningde era (300,750.sz), the growth rate was 557.97 per cent, a decline of about 25 per cent in the ring margin; the withholding of non-net profit of $7.80 billion, a strong leader compared with the higher performance expectations. In cash flows, business activity up to 23q1 was generated.
The net cash flow is $20,966 million, and the industrial chain is solid. We believe that q2 begins with a new energy source of vehicle demand that is expected to recover gradually, and that the company is expected to maintain a gradual growth in its performance.
Innovations keep the market at the forefront and continue to develop cutting-edge technologies. 1) Condensate batteries: company practice number: s1500520090001 April 19 \triangleright
It was announced that a condensed cell would be officially released with a single energy density of up to 500wh/kq, combined with a high-prevalence and high-security feature, with a mass-production capability within 23 years. (2) Large cylinders of batteries: the company has successfully developed 4680, 4695, etc., with a life cycle of domestic alumni.
Three times, safe close to the americium battery. 3) Sodium ion cells: The Ningd era will be industrialized in 2023, and the first generation of sodium ion batteries can be applied to a variety of traffic electrical dynamics, including two-wheeler vehicles, and can be adapted to the full-scale application of storage energy.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net corporate profits in 2023, 2024 and 2025 \triangleright Risk factors: new energy vehicle demand below expected risk; risk of changes in lithium battery technology;
\triangleright Overestimated risk of price fluctuations in materials: environmental and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022.
Chen Jie, a member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for the lithium electric materials industry, and will not have any relevance, directly or indirectly, to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.