q1 performed well, and profitability was stable. In the Ningde era (300,750), the year 2023 Quarterly Reviews 2023q1 performed well, and profitability remained stable.
This represents an increase of 82.91 per cent in the same year and a decrease of 24.71 per cent in the ring; a net return of $9,822 million, an increase of 557.97 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 25.24 per cent in the ring, and a decrease in the performance ring in the first quarter, mainly due to the seasonalization of q1 stocks, the maintenance of an increase in orders and a significant increase in operating cash flows.
Roe(ttm) is still strong. The company sold more than 70 gwh per quarter of the battery system, with motor batteries accounting for about 80%. Global power cell loads increased by 75.2gwh in January-February 2023.
Thirty-nine per cent of them, 25.5gwhh in power cells in Ningde, an increase of 34 per cent in the same year and 33.9 per cent in the city, and 65.9gwh in q1 in 2023, an increase of 28.4 per cent in the same year, of which 29.3gwh in power cells in Ninde, an increase of 14.7 per cent in the same year and 44.4 per cent in the city, have recently been new to companies.
The technique and product were heavily settled, the americium batteries were officially delivered to arcium in April, the sodium batteries were first released in Dicry, the m3p batteries were expected to be loaded during the year, the condensed batteries were released at the Shanghai Car Fair, the single body had a energy density of up to 500wh/kg, and the rules version of the car could be capable of producing in the year.
As the price of lithium carbonate has fallen significantly, demand in the subsequent storage capacity market is expected to return to rapid growth. Accelerating the deployment of overseas production capacity.
In addition, the Hungarian battery plant, with a capacity of 100 gwh, is planned to begin construction this summer. It is planned to become operational in 2025. It will further improve the corporate global strategy layout and help accelerate electrical and energy transformation in Europe.
13.91 dollars, 18.24 dollars, corresponding to 21 times, 16 times, and 12 times. Trends in global motor motorization and storage capacity growth have determined that continuous technological upgrading by firms and the accelerated consolidation of global market competition in overseas production capacity have increased the risk; the risk of new production capacity digestion; and the risk of new products and new technologies overlapping.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.