Short-term performance will not change the long-term trend towards a firm view of corporate diversification and internationalization strategies Events: Companies published their semi-annual report in 2022, which generated revenues of $3,886 million in the first half of the year, compared to a short-term pressure on performance due to the industry’s down-cycle + epidemic.
The downside trend since the second half of last year, with more outbreaks nationwide, together resulted in a 36 per cent decline in sales of 1,431 million excavators per month. The company performed slightly better than the industry, depending on the major product categories of the Department: 1) Excavator tanks sold 3,184,000 units, down the same line.
33 per cent, with revenue falling by 27 per cent on a year-on-year basis (approximately 1,445 million yuan); 2) $9650,000 in non-scaling tank sales, an increase of 23 per cent in the same year; 3) 1.330 billion dollars in hydraulic pump valves, a decline of 37 per cent in the same year; total market value/flow (million yuan)
There has been some decline; 2) ongoing process optimization by companies, resulting in lower efficiency gains; 3) appreciation of the United States dollar exchange rate, with companies pursuing a product diversification and internationalization strategy that firmly values long-term corporate growth. 1) Product RH (601,100) First Quarterly Report, 22
In terms of diversification, while maintaining the competitiveness of the excavator-related products, companies are actively performing, observing corporate globalization, electricization, excavations, and now high-altitude platforms, moving motors and closed pumps at high speeds.
Growing Space - 2022/04/26 growth, accompanied by bulk delivery of the main control valves, breakthroughs in the agricultural field pump valve products, and high growth in the first half of the year of constant hydraulic pressure (601,100).
Cotton pickers, rice machines, wheat mills, tractors, etc., mass loaders, and company pumps, pump valve products continue to break through - 2021/08/29 Valves have also achieved a certain degree of loading in the fields of seamen, shield structures, crushing and new energy sources
In addition, the company has been developing electrically related products, the existing mainstream mainframe plant has been equipped with electrically-activated equipment, and the company, as a core component, is actively developing electrical controls and enforcement devices to respond to the electrically-motivated trends in the engineering and machinery industry; and (2) the internationalization of the company has increased.
Development and investment in overseas markets such as Europe, Japan, North America and South-East Asia, where companies have successfully established production bases in Mexico, are now in the infrastructure phase, with fully-owned subsidiaries in India and a further upgrading of corporate branding in the South-East Asian region.
We believe that, in the long run, the firm is very motivated to see that short-term performance does not change the long-term trend towards greater corporate diversification and internationalization.
Short-term performance has not changed to a long-term positive trend, with a strong focus on corporate diversification, internationalized industry research, and good at industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, delegates include Robot Trend, and so on.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study the volatility of the industry and to find certainty.
I'm good at combining the industry, digging up investment opportunities from the bottom.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.