Mid 2022: Performance is better than industry, second half, research assistant Roye is better than industry, and growth is expected to hit the bottom in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2022, the engineering and machinery industry experienced a decline in sales of the same amount as 36.1 per cent, company performance phase pressure, total revenue of the same amount - 25.7 per cent, of which the excavator oil industry was resilient and the main non-diggering plate growth was strong: in terms of sales, 1 tank: 2022
Half-yearly sales of excavator tanks were 318,000, corresponding to 33 per cent; 97,000, equivalent to +23 per cent, were non-speculators, maintaining a higher rate of increase, with both high machine/marine/new energy plates increasing. 2 pump valves/madas: downstream expansion breakthroughs, high engine block growth, agricultural pump valve bulk loaders, seaman/shields/new energy sources
In the second half of the year ahead, the high-base effect of engineering machinery has subsided, the build-up of excavators in July has been positive, followed by the prospect of maintaining single-digit fluctuations, and the company’s performance is expected to increase on a seasonal basis. q2 returns have improved, and the profit margin is expected to continue to recover.
+7.4pt. We see a marked improvement in the profit margin ring ratio of q2 , mainly in terms of the share of high-digging products in Piti, the share of high-ori non-target products in higher prices and the appreciation of the United States dollar, resulting in significant exchange gains. At the cost end, the cost of the first half of the year 2022 was 7.61%, corresponding to -0.85pt; of this, sales/management/research and development/financial costs.
In the future, steel prices and shipping costs continue at the Māori end, with non-target products assessed at & 2022q1: profitability or staged commitment.
Upgraded and optimized business structures, companies’ profitability is expected to continue to recover. Pressure, strong vision of medium- and long-term development prospects.
In the first half of 2022, the company grew at a very high rate and was able to smooth the week as the excavator entered the adjustment phase.
In the medium and long term, during the re-engineering of the excavator 2022-2023, the public was able to make a difference.
"Hungular Hydraulic Pressure (601,100): Three Quarterly Report 2021: "The strong Alpha attributes are visible, profitable, annual electric and internationalization is advanced, the domestic dredging industry is about to start a new cycle of up-to-date business, and the company is expected to open it."
As a source of scarce domestic hydraulic fluids, good corporate competitive patterns, large import substitution space, we firmly value the company’s medium- and long-term development prospects.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: a combination of fluctuations in the domestic engineering and machinery industry and new company products
Three major financial forecasts of constant hydraulic pressure.