In the first quarter of 2024, the Eastern Wealth Report was released. The company achieved operating income of 2,456 million yuan, a decline of 12.6 per cent compared to the previous quarter; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was about 1,954 million yuan, a decline compared to the previous year.
In the first quarter of 2024, companies, including financialit, and in late March, the natural fund industry continued to stifle, with 9842 sales funds, ranked first in the industry.
The impact of the difficulties in issuing public funds and the changes in sales rates in the bottom of the 52-week maximum price/minimum equity market environment, the continued pressure on corporate performance, but the firm fund swap holdings remained at the top three levels of the industry, and the advantage of the flow highlighted the “baskets” effect.
As a result of the gradual recovery of market activity, the performance of companies in brokering has increased slightly, and fees and commissions have increased by $1,182 million, or 0.25 per cent. Research and development efforts are being strengthened and new models are being actively explored. In the first quarter of 2024, companies have increased their research and development.
In January 2024, the company's “Ideas” financial model was formally built into the new model, and the company will further strengthen its investment in research and development and continue to deepen its technological enabling business growth. Disclosure of the Notice on Repurchase and Cancellation of Shares and the Restricted Stock Incentives for 2024
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Balanced share of sales, bottom of cycle search - Draft. Given that the Fund market still needs to be repaired, the superimposition of the Fund’s rates has been adjusted, in the short term, The Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - The Fund’s Understatement, Repurchase Confidence -
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) – Fund sales fall, ai explores secondary growth – investment proposal: our projections of corporate profitability remain unchanged, with a forecast of net return profits for 2024-2026.
Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) - Downward Trade, Self-Reverse, Importing Long-term. Businessmen, companies competing for a track that is unique, with significant cost and flow advantages, and fund holdings that are industry leaders. In the long run, they have benefited from the reform of the capital market system and the big red times of wealth management.
At the same time, the company explored a new model of “ai+ investment”, maintaining figure 2: net corporate return profits and the same rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) and figure 3: single-season operating income and the same rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Corporate single-season net profit return and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 5: Company-owned business structure, cost and flow advantages, and fund holdings are industry leaders in the long run.
This reform of the market system and the dividends of the great age of wealth management still have the potential to expand the distribution of wealth, while companies explore in depth a new model of “ai+ investment” and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author