Midea
China
Hold
Challenging 2019; Downgrade to Hold
Midea's shares have re-rated on foreign buying, news flow on a possible consumption
stimulus, and Midea's share buyback announcement. We think the rally presents an
Rmb47.6
Current price:
opportunity to take profit, and we downgrade to Hold.
Rmb46.0
Target price:
Lackluster January sales data supports our cautious 2019 outlook.
Rmb42.0
Previous target:
High inventory levels in the AC category remain a concern for 2019.
-3.3%
Up/downside:
A stimulus could lift appliance demand by RMB700bn, but details remain scarce.
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
n/a
We value Midea at 13x 2020 PER and upgrade our target price from RMB42 to
RMB46 under our base case scenario.
Reuters:
000333 CH
Bloomberg:
Foreign buying and policy expectations drive share price
Market cap:
US$46,679m
Following our target price cut after Midea's 3Q18 results, consensus EPS numbers have
Rmb313,367m
continued to drift down. Midea's share price, however, has rebounded and is up ~31%
US$173.5m
YTD. We believe the rally is grounded in EM inflows, expectations of a consumption
Average daily turnover:
stimulus, and Midea's recent announcement of a share buyback. We think the underlying
Rmb1,196m
fundamentals are largely unchanged from 3Q18. A cap imposed on foreign buying and
6,605m
Current shares o/s:
the recent price rally provide an opportunity for profit taking.
Limited pick-up in home appliance sales in January
Following Midea's weak 3Q18, CMM data show a limited turnaround in appliance sales in
4Q18 and Jan/Feb. We expect lackluster 1Q19 results, particularly in ACs due to the high
base effect and channel inventory overhang. We are more upbeat about potential
strengthening in WM, small appliances, and refrigerators over last year's easier comps.
Concern about AC channel inventory
ACs comprise ~40% of Midea's sales. While Midea's AC inventory levels remain healthy,
total channel inventory for the sector may be approaching levels last seen in 2014 prior to
the previous market downturn in ACs. Considering high channel AC inventory, Midea's
flat ASP growth in 3Q18 and a high base effect in 1H19, we think 2019 prospects look
weak.
Comments by Ning Jizhe, vice chairman of NDRC, suggest that a new policy may be
unrolled to boost appliance consumption in China. News reports suggest the NDRC may
be estimating a RMB700bn impact on appliance demand in 2019–2021. We construct a
scenario where consumption stimulus benefits Midea's top line by ~RMB20bn annually,
beginning in 2H19.
Target price updated to RMB46; downgrade to Hold
We roll our estimates forward to 2020, adjusting Midea's share base to account for the
Little Swan acquisition and upcoming share buyback. Our TP increases from RMB42 to
RMB46 on account of these changes. Our valuation methodology remains unchanged, at
13x prospective PER. In the near term, a cap on foreign investment may lead to a
temporary halt in Midea's re-rating. In a scenario where new consumption policy rolls out
nationally, increasing appliance sales by ~RMB700bn in 2019-2021, we think Midea is
potentially worth RMB50 per share, or ~5% more than current price level. Our stimulus
scenario valuation is based on 13x 2020 PER. We continue to like Midea because of its
long-term product upgrade story and exposure to international markets, but feel that the
recent market rally has run ahead of slowing fundamentals.
Analyst(s)
Jeffrey Dorr
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Valuation
For our base case scenario and current target price, we omit revenue growth
driven by a stimulus. In our base case scenario, we value Midea at RMB46 per
share, or a ~3.3% discount from Midea's current share price. The increase in our
target price from RMB42 to RMB46 is driven by rolling our EPS estimate forward
to 2020 and adjusting Midea's share base for anticipated buybacks and the Little
Swan acquisition. Our base case target price is based on a 13x 2020 PER. We
believe that a ceiling on foreign ownership may prevent a positive re-rating from
continuing, and prefer to benchmark Midea's P/E in line with the recent market
valuation. Our forecast EPS is -5% and -10% below 2019/2020 consensus,
respectively.
Downgrade to Hold
We think the recent re-rating on Midea's valuation and cap on foreign ownership
presents an opportunity to take profit on Midea. We continue to like Midea for its
long-term product upgrade potential, KUKA's expansion in China, and export
potential, but we think that Midea's current re-rating is detached from business
fundamentals. Therefore, we downgrade Midea to HOLD. Risks to our
downgrade include a hot summer, improving sentiment on China's real estate
market, and an earlier-than-expected announcement on a consumer stimulus.
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
NOTE: * MIDEA AND GREE ESTIAMTES FROM CGIS FORECAST
The lack of clarity on the scale and timing of the consumer stimulus means we
would not incorporate the effect of the stimulus into our forecast. The likely
impact of a stimulus scenario would be a 1% and 7% increase in our 2019 and
2020 EPS estimates respectively.
Share price rally detached from fundamentals
According to the WSJ, investors have shifted ~US$86bn into emerging market
equities and bonds year to date. This figure is greater than the last 9 months of
2018 combined. Foreign buying has helped drive a rally in the MSCI Emerging
Markets Index, which is up 13% from 2018's lows.
Since the beginning of 2019, monthly net inflows via the Stock Connect have
averaged RMB60bn per month. Midea has been a significant beneficiary of this
inflow, with northbound investor ownership increasing from 13.5% to 16% since
the beginning of 2019. The 16% ownership disclosed by HKEX excludes foreign
investors with QFII allocation, so foreign investment in Midea is in reality higher
than 16%.
Foreign inflows, Midea's recent share buyback announcement, and expectations
of a consumption stimulus in 2019 have driven a recent re-rating of Midea, which
currently trades at ~14x consensus 2019 PER. However, as at March 7, 2019,
foreign holding in Midea is approaching the 28% ceiling. This means that foreign
investment will no longer continue to drive demand for Midea's shares, at least
in the near term. Furthermore, some index providers may be required to reduce
Midea's weighting in major indices. The change may not be permanent, but
could lead to a temporary halt in Midea's recent re-rating. We view this as an
opportunity to take profit.
Appliances sales growth in Jan-Feb 2019 remained
lackluster
Midea's share price is up ~31% YTD, but current business fundamentals
continue to show limited growth. After posting ~28% AC growth and ~7%
consumer appliance growth in 1H18, Midea's aggregate top line grew only 1.4%
in 3Q18. KUKA's top line expanded 6.6% in 3Q18, indicating the slowdown was
appliance related.
and in early 2019 (February data currently available only for online sales). This
data leads us to believe that its 1Q19 results are unlikely to post a turnaround.
CMM data is based on online data from major Chinese platforms, as well as a
representative set of 10,000 stores across China.
Midea's AC inventory well-controlled, but channel
inventory a concern
AC channel inventory approaching a historical high
Midea estimates its own total inventory is well-controlled at ~5-6m units, in line
with its 3Q18 figure. However, news sources indicate that total channel inventory
levels (including all AC brands) is reaching historical highs. China IOL, for
instance suggests that inventory levels are ~50m units across all brands, a
This data corroborates our recent checks. We understand AC channel inventory
is approaching levels last seen in 2014, which preceded a decline in sales and
price cutting for some manufacturers in 2015. Midea's AC sales declined 11% in
2015. Should retail air conditioning sales continue to slow, some industry players
believe price cutting could ensue.
Improved inventory management system
On a positive note, Midea has invested some RMB800m per year since 2015 to
develop an inventory management system to help it better track its inventory.
Midea has 100 warehouses in China, which ship AC units direct to retailers.
Midea's own inventory levels are well controlled - the issue is with other
manufacturers who have been channel stuffing.
High channel inventory levels and a high base effect into 1H19 will make an AC
ASP hike difficult for Midea in 2019. Recall that Midea achieved ~10% ASP
growth in the AC category in 1H18, while ASP growth fell flat in 3Q18. Harder
comps and inventory pressure are likely to limit ASP growth in 2019. Our checks
indicate that channel inventory levels for washing machines and refrigerators
remain healthy.
Stimulus details to boost home appliance
consumption by ~RMB700bn over 3 years
With fundamentals slowing, Midea's share price rebound appears to be based
on market expectations of a consumer stimulus and an improving macro picture.
Comments by Ning Jizhe, vice chairman of the NDRC, suggest that new policy
may be unrolled to boost consumption in China, specifically for appliances and
autos.
While official details on the size and timing of a national program have yet to be
released, news reports indicate that the NDRC estimates the policy may induce
additional spending of ~RMB700bn in 2019–2021 on energy efficient appliances.
The program may target up to 15 different high-efficiency products, including
TVs,
refrigerators,
washing
machines
conditioners
and
air
We are skeptical that this round of stimulus will have an impact as significant as
the previous subsidies for two reasons:
1.) Assuming the RMB700bn figure is correct, this round of stimulus will be
approximately half the size of former stimulus rounds, which totaled
~RMB1.4trn (See Figure 7)
2.) Penetration of home appliance categories such as washing machines and
refrigerators is approaching peak levels. However, a stimulus could pull
forward some replacement demand and increase the penetration for some
categories, such as ACs, but it is unlikely to prove as impactful as in
previous rounds.
Higher penetration levels today make a repeat of the 2009–2012 growth unlikely.
Washing machines and refrigerators, for example, are approaching saturation,
even in rural areas. A stimulus could pull forward some replacement demand,
particularly for refrigerators, for which volume sales peaked in 2010-2012. Even
with a stimulus in effect, we think washing machine and refrigerator volumes are
likely to grow only in low double-digit range. For air conditioning, we are slightly
less bullish on account of the high base for 2018 and current inventory overhang.
■ ACs (~40% of revenue): Growth peaked at 37% in 2010. Following the
stimulus, AC sales tracked the property market cycle - falling in 2015 and
spiking in 2H16 and 2017, when AC volumes grew 47%.
The current domestic sales rate of ~90m annual units is probably close to
peaking. Assuming China has ~450m households, and assuming long term
that each household has 2 ACs on average, this would require an installed
base of ~900m residential ACs. (For the sake of comparison, developed
and ~225 ACs per 100 households vs. China's 2017 urban/rural penetration
rates of 130/53, respectively). Assuming each unit lasts for 10–15 years,
replacement demand would require ~60–90m units per year – below the
90m+ units sold in 2017–2018.
Management indicated AC growth of ~18% YoY in 9M18. Based on reported
AC growth of 32% in 1H18, this suggests negative growth for AC in 3Q18.
According to management, the ASP increase was flat in 3Q18 vs. ~10%
growth in 1H18.
Refrigerators (~ 8–10% of revenue): Heavily impacted by consumption
stimulus. Growth peaked in 2009, when refrigerator volume grew ~51%.
Demand was driven heavily by the rural market, where penetration data
showed improvement in 2009–2011. Refrigerator volumes peaked in 2011 at
59m units, and contracted steadily to ~43m units in 2017.
With 450m households in China, with an average life cycle of ~10 years, and
with washing machines nearing 100% penetration, we think production
volume of ~45m units per year is a reasonable long-term run rate. This
estimate is in line with 2018's 43m units of production.
Midea's refrigerator volume grew 2% in 3Q18 (vs. 8% in 9M18), but average
ASPs increased 15% YoY due to consumer upgrading.
Washing machines (~8–10% of revenue): Growth peaked in 2010, when
volume increased ~28% YoY to 34m units. Since then, annual domestic sales
increased steadily to 45m units as of 2018.
Assuming 450m households in China, a 10-year replacement rate, and near
100% penetration, we think that 45m units is close to China's long-term run
rate of washing machine consumption.
Midea's washing machine sales (which consolidate Little Swan) grew 9% in
and into 1Q19 as new high-end models are introduced.
Small appliances (~25% revenue): Midea's small appliances segment
includes a diverse array of products: induction cookers, pressure cookers,
microwaves, electric fans, etc. According to Midea's 3Q18 investor call, small
appliances grew 5% in 9M18, but only 2% in 3Q18. Small appliance inventory
was high in 1H18, but inventory levels have normalized since 3Q18.
Stimulus Scenario: Sizing up the Potential Impact
Although the details are unclear, we construct a scenario to estimate the impact
of a stimulus. According to Midea's annual report, the total market size of the
home appliance industry in 2017 was RMB1,514bn. Assuming Ex-KUKA
Midea's domestic sales are ~RMB150bn, Midea's industry market share is ~10%,
across all products.
to 2021, or RMB233bn per year. Assuming Midea can capture a ~10% share of
this mix, we estimate that Midea could capture ~RMB20bn per year through
2021. We assume that the policy will take effect in 2H19.
Our base case and stimulus assumptions are detailed in Figures 13 and 14.
SOURCES: CGS-CIMB RESEARCH
Appendix
Durable Products | China
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Durable Products | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of interest
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.