The traffic of trucks has grown and the delivery of property has reached its peak in four quarters.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average 9.2 billion yuan, or 5.02 per cent more than the year 2016; 3,346 million yuan, or 33.49 per cent more, in net profits for company shareholders in order to be placed on the market; to be found to all shareholders
Māori comes from the toll business: the current period saw a 3.3 per cent increase in revenue and a 7.2 per cent increase in traffic, mainly due to the continuing macroeconomic downturn and the higher share of the 312-cargo countries that were stripped out in 2015; however, trends suggest that the ratio of road-cars to road-cars has declined.
After August 2016, as a result of economic warming and road management, there was a recovery in truck traffic, with a positive increase of 0.8 per cent throughout the year.
In September, the Board of Directors of the Department considered the approval of a new project to invest in the Peak Mountain Road Bridge and the North-South link, while at the same time holding a share in the company 2.
There is also an ongoing project on the Denning and Permanent High-speed Phases, with a significant increase in sales throughout the year and a four-quarter peak in delivery: the company entered the property delivery in the fourth quarter.
The peak led to an increase of 108% over the previous year of $810 million in real estate operations. At the same time, the current year was marked by high growth - a high-speed quarterly review, 2016.5.2 The sale of real estate was on fire, resulting in an increase of about $1.21 billion, or 113.23%, in pre-sale revenue;
"Ning is the engine of growth and there is a high and sustained rate of dividends with project completion peaks. Income from an ancillary operations is affected by lower retail prices and lower sales of oil, and is in a downward position: the company has reformed the business in the current period, defining self-employment and “outsourcing +”
“Monitoring” models to improve performance and service levels in the service areas. Optimizing the debt structure with lower financial costs and attractive high dividends: a one-time credit of approximately $327 million in deferred income tax for prior years after the company’s merger and purchase of the company “Photo” and Sicily during the same period last year;
The termination of the entitlement to charge fees in 312 countries resulted in an asset loss of about $620 million; the absence of the project in the current period affected a net profit of about $300 million, excluding the impact, and the net profit of the company in the current period increased by about 15 per cent. The growth in performance was mainly due to road and real estate operations: at the same time, the company ' s financial costs fell by about 280 million compared to the same period last year.
Dollars, mainly due to the restructuring of the company ' s debt, which was reduced in total interest-bearing debt from the beginning of the year, resulting in a high annual rate of dividends for the company; it is proposed to find in the current period every gold dividend to all shareholders
Reanimation and continued active exploration of high-quality road projects will lead to a steady increase in master’s performance. Real estate sales are good, delivery is at a peak, future property profits are sustainable, and long-term dividends are attractive.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.