3rd quarter of 2024 UV Gold Mining (stock code: 601899.sh) incident: 24q1-3 company returns $23.396 billion in 2024.
Production rose steadily + cost optimized and companies performed well. By 18.9 tons, the mineral zinc production ring ratio was +7.9 to 11.0 million tons; it was affected by intermittent instability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ' s gold grid; 24q3 kmoa copper production interest ring was +15.5 to 520,000 tons; and Eiffen was able to adjust Kamoa copper.
Production guidelines for mines in 2024, which led to a median reduction of 2750,000 tonnes. 24q1-3 company copper/g gold/zinc production, mineral zinc unit ring ratio +1.5 per cent to 15,000 yuan/tonne.) Ben: 24q3 company copper concentrate/gold copper/copper unit sales cost per ring + 2.6 per cent/-
The cost of sales in bits equal to +1 per cent/+5 per cent, while the cost of copper and zinc fell for the rest, companies completed the full year cost 4) interest: 24q3 Māori has slightly decreased, mining companies have a Māori ring ratio of 1.20 pct, combined Māori ratio ring of 1.43 pct. 24q3 has a gross profit of 16.2 billion yuan and a ring ratio of -200 million, of which minerals copper/mine gold have a low rate of 1.20 pct.
The expansion project is progressing steadily and the forward target is achievable. 1) Acquisition of the akyem gold mine: the company is going to spend $1 billion to buy 100% of Ghana’s akyem gold mine. The akyem gold mine is Ghana’s largest prospecting entitlement, with an increase in storage and capacity expansion in the case of well-established infrastructure, and an increase in mineral gold production.
2) Construction of the Juno copper mine: The company established an in-house project for the selection of the Tibetan copper mine, with a total investment of about 8,393 million yuan, using open-air mining, which is planned to be completed with mining licences, environmental reviews, project approval, etc.
1. [Galactic colour] Company appraising _ Purple Mine: Acquisition of Ghana Company was awarded 5% of the project company ' s equity and ownership was raised from 48.591% to 53.591%. Juno copper akyem gold mine, strategic target achievable
In advance of the project, the company will further optimize the process and reduce and consolidate the cost base in order to increase the project’s resilience to price fluctuations.
Investment proposals: company-focused mining projects are rich in reserves and future production growth is more certain. In the context of a clear rise cycle in gold and copper, production releases associated with company projects are expected to drive the expected risks of profitability; 3) company-generated capacity releases less than expected; 4) geopolitical changes overseas.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.