The acquisition of the akyem gold mine in Ghana, with a strategic target date of 10 October 2024: an announcement issued by the company on 9 October that the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries were proposed to contribute $1 billion
Purple gold mining (stock code: 601899.sh) won (approximately RMB 7.071 billion) and acquired 100 per cent of Newmont's fully-owned subsidiary, Newmontgolden ridgeltd, with the company being the subject of a 100 per cent interest in Ghana's akyem gold mining project.
Akyem gold deposits are abundant and the prospects for development are high. 1) Resource volume & reserves: akyem gold mines are located on the world’s main gold-forming belts and are typical of mountain-type gold mines.
The project has one mining right and four prospecting rights on the periphery, consisting of two mining leases in the east and west, and all available resources and production facilities are within the right to mining in the east.
(v) 54.4 tons, with an average grade of 3.36 g/t; approximately 34.6 tons, with an average grade of 1.35 g/t; and an additional 83 tons of gold, classified as a reserve of land-mining resources. 2) Production: commercialized production of the akyem gold mine began in October 2013, stable operations of mines and selected plants, equipment in good condition and conventional immersion
Process, plant design and processing capacity of 8.5 million tonnes/year. Gold production in 2021-2023 was 11.9, 13.1 and 9.2 tonnes, respectively. The project is currently open-air and, according to Newmont ' s current discharge plan (including the aforementioned reserve of resources), the mine will be underground by 2028, with a service of up to 2042.
The company has a strong autonomous geological search, technological innovation and operational capacity, which is expected to be achieved through the first step, taking into account that the gold resources of the akyem mine are well developed, relatively well-developed infrastructure, long-term mining service, good local transport and electricity supply conditions.
The purchase was 7.8 x, which is significantly lower than the previous gold company, 20 x or more, and the equivalent of a single ton of gold was valued at $41 million (inclusive).
This compares to the sum of one ton of gold from the Toulega gold mining project, which was purchased by Mountain Gold International in the same year, at a relatively deep 300 mark, at a price of 0.15 million yuan and 0.42 billion yuan, respectively.
The company realized sales revenue of $574 million, resulting in a net profit of $128 million. The akyem gold deposit had an average grade of 1.35 g/t, which was higher than the company ' s main gold mine, the Rosebel gold mine, and Norton gold fields. At the cost end, the full cost of 24q2 of the akyem gold mine was $1952 per ounce, which was higher than the same Wasakin in Ghana.
The company’s cost-control industry leads, or further reduces the operating costs of the akyem gold mine and enhances its profitability, which is expected to prompt the company’s profits back to the new steps.
Investment proposal: the akvem gold mine is one of Ghana ' s largest gold mines, producing an average of 11.4 tons per year over the last three years. The project is currently under development in the western mining area, with four prospecting rights on the periphery, with a greater potential to increase mineral gold production in the context of improved infrastructure and expansion of capacity. In 2023, the company collected 68 tons of mineral gold.
1. [Galactic colour] Company appraising _The Purple Minerals: Managing the risk of a period of efficiency gains; 3) The company’s increased capacity to release less than expected risks; 4) The winds of geopolitical changes overseas I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.