Acquisition of Peruvian laarena, resource acquisition and acquisition of the next city, November 08, 2024: November 7th, company announcement that the company's wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, gold-collage mining, is to be used for $245 million
Utility mining (stock code: 601899.sh), $50 million in contingent payments and 1.5 per cent in net gold smelting after commercialization of phase II. Equity in the purchase of Peru's laarena gold mine and phase II projects at a price of 100 per cent
The Laarena project is located in the world-famous Laliberdad region of the South American Andes, in the quagmire cau-mo-au mining belt, where the body is distributed as “up-to-bronze” as of 30 June 2024.
Storage reports, total + credible grade ore reserves of 22.6 million tonnes, including about 8 tonnes of gold, with an average grade of 0.33 g/t. Phase 2 retains detection + control + copper resources of 2.785,000 tonnes, average grade 0.334%; retention + control + extrapolated level gold resources of 196.5 tonnes, average grade
Considering that the Laarena project is located on the world’s famous mining belts, the abundance of copper and gold resources, and the potential for better mineral search and storage, it is expected that the company’s reserves will be further enhanced. The project’s infrastructure will be well developed, with the release of copper in the second stage to the post-partum stage.
In gold-producing mines, which are open-air immersion projects, production began in 2011 and currently amounts to 36,000 tons of ore disposal per day, approximately 3 tons of annual gold and the remaining 3 years of service, with a subsequent extension of service expected to result from the second phase of gold mining.
According to the company’s technical team’s initial validation, the project is to be implemented through open-air mining and floating-selection processes, with a construction period of three years and a production period of 19 years, which is expected to produce approximately 100,000 tons of copper and 3.8 tons of gold in the post-natal year.
The facilities are relatively well developed, local transport and power supply are in good condition, productive capacity is expected to be released gradually, mining services are long and economic benefits are expected in the future. In addition, the Laarena project, which is 360 km from the company's copper mine, has a management synergy, and the development of the Laarena project has helped.
The cost is expected to decrease gradually under the company’s operational management.
At the end of the cost, the cash cost of laarena gold in 2023 was US$ 1,237 per ounce, an increase of US$ 199 per ounce from the same year, mainly due to a decrease in gold grade.
Mineral gold unit sales cost approximately $1034 per ounce, corporate cost-control industry leading, or moving forward to reduce the operating costs of the laarena gold production and increase its profitability, with the expectation of generating corporate profitability Investment proposal: the laarena project is an active gold mine with an annual production of about 3 tons and is well developed at the infrastructure facility
In this case, the release of the post-natal gold and copper production can be expected in the second phase. In 2023, the company ' s mineral gold was 68 tons, and the company ' s mineral copper [galactic colour] was rated.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.