The price of the beneficiary copper was high, and the release of the q3 performance was in line with the expected net return profit of q3 to the mother of RMB 9,273 million, the ring increase of RMB 5.09 billion, yoy58.17 per cent and the ring increase of 5.09 per cent, again creating the best single quarter performance in history.
Production: The copper production ring increased by 5.85% over the raise in q2. The company’s output continues to be released when the price of the copper continues to be high, and the cost: q3 cost ring is largely equal, reflecting good operating capacity
Cost control is an important manifestation of the ability to compete in mines. Since 2023, the violet mining industry has quickly built up a global operational management system characterized by purple gold, pursuing cost control in priority areas such as overseas projects, and “control” work has gradually shown “efficiency gains”.
The cost of selling copper concentrate units was $18751 per ton, a decrease of 4.16 per cent in the same year; the gold concentrate list maintained excellent cost control, which was almost equal to 24q2: the company copper was invested in state assets.
The cost of selling the mine unit was $19105 per ton, an increase of 2.64 per cent in the ring ratio; the overall cost control remained excellent as a result of the appreciation of the gold concentrate unit q3. Against the backdrop of continued geopolitical disturbances and the rise of civil resourceism, companies actively reduced efficiency gains and managed the cost of releasing profits.
In our view, excellent cost-control capabilities can reduce the volatility of profits associated with commodity price volatility and are an important force for mining companies to increase valuations, and the ability of the UV mining industry to continue to be validated, with prospects for future increases in valuation levels, as detailed earlier.
Built " Purple gold mining: the world ' s leading copper gold ore service provider, with a promise of an enhanced valuation " . Acquisition of Ghana ' s akyem gold mine, furthered by globalization. 9 October 2024.
The gold production from the mine was 11.9/13.1/9.2 tons in the year, and the company expects further improvement in the resource reserves and production of the project through further survey, economic re-evaluation and technological adaptation. The acquisition of the akyem gold mine will contribute to further enrichment of the company’s gold plate.
We plan production over the next five years with a resource reserve, a rapid increase in the company's mineral gold production, and a booster's production over the next five years.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.