China Movement (600941.sh/0941.hk)
On 24 January, the State Finance Committee of the State Council indicated that it would further study the inclusion of market value management in the performance appraisal of the head of a central enterprise (2023/11/29).
The above index (2023/11/29), stock prices and our projections of profits, which are expected to reach 5% of the company's dividends this year, gives a “buy-in” rating. The National Investment Commission further promotes market value management requirements, and the company may benefit from being the lead operator:
China's move to Hong Kong 24 January 2024, launch by the new State Agency: the State Finance Committee of the State Council will focus on raising the number of listed companies (bvi) Ltd.
Quality, indicating further study of the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of the heads of central enterprises, guiding them to pay more attention to the market performance of the companies in question, and to communicate confidence, stability and a greater share of cash in a timely manner through the application of marketization, increased holdings, buy-backs, etc.
The Division, as a leading operator, or will benefit significantly from a future re-engineering of the value-added system for the company, has grown steadily over the previous three seasons, with strong growth rates for the company: 776.5 billion yuan, yoy + 7.2%, net profit for the mother, $105.5 billion, yoy + 7.1% (after deductions).
In the case of personal operations, the 5g package account for 750 million clients, an increase of 34.65 per cent, which led to an increase in the arpu value of 1 to 51.2 yuan in the same year; in the case of the household market, there are 262 million broadband clients in medium-sized households.
Field growth was faster, with RMB 86.6 billion in related business revenues in the previous three quarters, an increase of 26.4 per cent over the previous three quarters.
A group of national-level vehicles, such as the Centre for Engineering Studies and the National Platform for Open Innovation in Artificial Intelligence.
Arithmetic networks have moved from conceptual prototypes to industrial practices, intelligence has been transferred more than 150 billion times a year, original innovation has been strengthened, and the value of innovation has been released in an orderly fashion. In the past few years, China’s mobile innovation capabilities have been greatly enhanced by building a national engineering research centre and a national open-intelligent innovation.
The pioneering network of arithmeticals has moved from conceptual prototypes to industrial practices, with more than 150 billion annual transfers of intelligence, increased original innovation capabilities, and better value for innovation.
We believe that moving, as a domestic leader, is expected to provide new growth space for the digital transformation of the future, drawing on the advantage of the operator to go deep into the industrial chain and enter the ai service business.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.