The 2023 report is in line with expectations, ai+empowerment, clouds, China moves (600941), and business is expected to lead to a second curve upswing.
In the 2023 annual report on China’s mobile movement, the company achieved a revenue of $10,9309 million during the reporting period, which matched expectations and exceeded expectations for the growth of its network of arithmetic.
By 2023, it will be the world’s number one operator in terms of client size, income size, and network size. In 2023, the company’s second curve was strong, generating $253.8 billion, or 22 per cent, in terms of revenues from digital transformation, which contributed significantly to the growth of the main battalion’s income; and the company’s strategic layout of the four main markets, Chbn, performed well and achieved full coverage.
In terms of new capital computing, the company “two gigabytes” maintains a leading position in the industry, and the efficiency gains are evident, with the initial build-up of a national computing network of size, technology and leadership, with a 14 per cent increase in totals and an additional 10.1 flops, with a 206 per cent increase in intelligence;
In 2023, mobile clouds achieved $83,349 million, an increase of 65.6 per cent, and the top five sectors of the market share of the Yaas+paas industry. In 2023, business developments related to the company computing network were relatively good, and it is expected that in 2024, the second-growth curve of cloud operations will continue to grow better against a background of capital spending towards cloud code, driving the quality of corporate revenue.
The size of the company’s depreciation and amortization as a percentage of its revenue continues to decline, with the depreciation and amortization of 1970 billion yuan in 2023 increasing by 3.3 per cent, and the ratio is about 2024, and the company’s share of the market is expected to rise as artificial intelligence applications continue to fall.
Server prices are higher than those of traditional servers, higher unit values and industry demand, leading to a better cost for the Centre in general than those of traditional data centres, higher forward input, higher entry thresholds for the industry, more cash in hand, and more resources in the cloud business as the company's second-growth curve.
More so, the company is expected to grow on a larger scale in the age of intelligence, with a steady decline in the accumulated depreciation ratio, and a steady increase in the company’s profit margin. The dividends rate continues to rise, with the company acting as a central asset operator.
First, the company decided to gradually increase its cash-distributed profits over three years to more than 75% of the profits that shareholders should have in that year, with a high dividend rate giving the company’s shareholders the highest rate of return in the industry. Investment proposal: We believe that the company benefits from new operations such as the expansion of the hbn business ratio, cloud computing, etc.
[Galaxy communication] Company review _ Communications industry _ China move: data, calculations, rapid growth, progressive decline in the accumulation of depreciation amortization and lower capital expenditure as a percentage of revenue, company performance is promising, one-size-fits-all, sustained higher growth is achievable.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.