Communications (000063.sz) Communications system equipment iii incident: 20 years and half of the company ' s annual report, 2020h1 achieved a gross operating income of $47.199 billion, a year-on-year increase
The decline in the Māori ratio of domestic operators and businesses and the rise in the revenue ratio have led to a decline in the H1 Māori ratio. This is mainly due to the decline in the Māori ratio of operators ' networks and businesses compared to the same period in the previous year. The decline in Māori ratio of companies ' operations is 28.27 per cent, a decrease of 8.68 pt. The decline in the Māori ratio of operators ' networks is mainly due to the decline in the domestic level.
The decline in the Māori ratio of low Māori is due mainly to the decline in Māori rates for domestic subsidiary companies and the rise in the domestic low Māori ratio of product revenues. The slight decrease in the cost rate and a slight increase in net interest rates is due mainly to a 1.7 pc decrease in the cost of companies over the 20h1 period.
The management cost rate decreased by 0.89 pct for the same reason, sales cost by 0.68 pct for the same year, and financial costs by 0.15 pct for the same year. Of this, the financial cost was $633 million, mainly as a result of 18 years of United States sanctions increasing the public ' s short- and long-term interest-bearing liabilities, with the firm set to finance 11 billion more landings, and the company ' s operations.
The gold stream has improved, and the corporate debt level and structure are expected to be optimized. The company invested $6,637 million in research and development, and the R&D cost rate has remained largely stable. The firm increased its net profit by 26.29% over the year, net profit by the non-mortality margin by 47.3%, net interest rate by approximately 4.92%, or 0.83 pct over the same year.
In the context of the decline and the low cost rate, mainly due to fair value change gains of $378 million, credit asset erosion, and communications: high innovation in research and development inputs, decrease in 5-g-long focus on loss of value, decrease in impairment of assets, or changes in the quality of receivables and inventory quality behind them
Communications: Focusing on operators, increasing profitability. As domestic operators grow faster, the network of foreign operators has been affected by the epidemic. Operators earn $34,970 million, an increase of 7.65 per cent.
Communications in the middle: an increase of $11.5 billion, accelerated growth of 5g, business income growth, and a decline in the operations of foreign operators. Of this amount, domestic network revenue was $26.4 billion, an increase of $4.76 billion, an increase of 21.99 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of 21.99 per cent, and in view of the overall decline in q1 revenue, it is expected that 5g will be in the country.
Communications in the Middle East: The basics are constantly improving, focusing on 5g, and the sale of equipment in q2 has increased significantly. Foreign operators’ network revenue of $8.54 billion, or 2.28 billion less than the previous year, has increased by 21.7%, and is expected to have a greater impact on foreign operators’ operations, mainly as a result of the H1 outbreak.
Businesses and consumers are stable and consumers outpace expectations for overseas operations. In 20 years, H1 companies collected $4,816 million in real-time revenue, an increase of 2.48 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in revenues from domestic and foreign light transfer products, domestic servers and domestic orbital transport integration over the same period of the previous year, of which 14.19 per cent were in government enterprises.
In the area of wireless products, companies continue to lead innovation on both sides of 5g technology and applications, in the first fiveg industrialized camp, with 46 5g commercial contracts globally.
Covering major 5g markets in China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East, the country has established a first camp; cable product fields, where self-research core chips have been marketed to achieve high product integration, high performance and low power consumption, and to improve product competitiveness, and the cumulative delivery of the pon, ftx and 100g light transmission networks is the second largest in the world: video
In the area of energy products, there has been a build-up of video decoding, access, transmission, storage, and a full range of products including video conferences, video networks, cloud computers, etc., which will be a new growth point in the network of operators in the 5g era.
To a wide range of applications, new market hot spots such as new infrastructure, 5g industry applications, digital transformation upgrades and the promotion of corporate self-research product sales, improved competitiveness in computing and connecting to two broad categories of products, and continued optimization of market patterns. Mobile phone operations focused on 5g terminals, actively expanding domestic and foreign operators and consumer markets; mobile data terminals
Long-term, deep-seated partnership with upstream industrial chain equipment manufacturers and downstream operators, with industry leading by billions, with raw materials increasing by $4.57 billion each from the beginning of the year in terms of stock composition, is expected to be due mainly to the company ' s increased availability of key raw materials in the context of the increased United States sanctions against Chinese technology enterprises and the production and distribution of commodity fractions.
Not to add 1.07 billion to 1.95 billion at the beginning of the year, of which the book value of the commodities delivered was nearly 9 billion more than in the same period last year, a significant increase in the same year, and the company’s future release time. Investment proposals: companies have the capacity to complete 5g end-to-end solutions, wireless, core network, carrying, etc.
The network of operators has not been built as expected, the 5g has not moved as fast as expected, and market competition has increased the risk.