Communications between China and China (000063), rapid recovery of performance and strong future upward momentum, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Global investment in 5g has accelerated and corporate performance has recovered rapidly. During the first half of the year, the domestic telecommunications industry has grown steadily, and companies have grown steadily.
Benefiting from the rapid growth of the domestic mobile Internet and the full opening of the 5g, the domestic market generated income of 31,75 billion yuan, or 67.3 per cent of the Group’s total operating income, which fell to varying degrees in each region as a result of the epidemic. In the long run, however, the global income of 5g fell.
Investments in construction are still growing rapidly, and good communications infrastructure and online applications are playing an increasingly important role in preventing and protecting the population from the epidemic. Overall, after the impact of the epidemic on the company’s performance in the first quarter, the company quickly resumed work in the second quarter and its performance recovered steadily.
14.8% rise: net return returns of 1.08 billion yuan, an increase of 77.2% over the same period, are the main cause of steady performance, as the company’s network of operators and business revenues from government enterprises have increased over the same period of the previous year. • Adherence to the core 5g development strategy, with more investment in domestic and foreign markets.
At $6.64 billion, a 2.6 per cent increase in the same year, the growing R & D investment support company product has been new and new, and now the company has the capacity to complete a 5-g end-to-end solution, and its product technology has gradually become recognized by operators and businesses around the world, laying the foundation for the company ' s deployment to globalize the 5g.
In the case of linear products, the company has acquired 46 5g commercial contracts globally, covering major global 5g markets such as China, Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and the Middle East. At the same time, the company has actively participated in the 5g II bidding process of the country’s three major operators, and its market share has remained stable in the country.
The company combines technologies like 5g, cloud computing, big data, and introduces a fully-released, operational-level Usmart cloud computer solution that allows companies to recommence quickly during the epidemic. The company also has a financial market in place.
The first state-owned, new generation of full-channel focal points is on-line, enabling the financial sector to successfully achieve a digital transformation. In the future, companies will apply a diversified industry landscape, with a high-suitable cloud network mix that will help partners to complete the transformation.
In the second half of the year, the impact of the epidemic has slowed, foreign and domestic investment has continued to increase, and companies have become more competitive, with coverage being given a “possession” rating for the first time.
The company is the global leading provider of integrated communications information solutions, offering innovative technology and product solutions to customers in many countries and regions around the world. The company owns the most complete product and integration solutions in the communications industry, and through continuous support.
The future of companies will continue to focus on the mainstream market and core products, sustain their efforts in the areas of business networks, governance, business and consumer business, continuously improve customer satisfaction and market ownership, adhere to core technology-owned innovation, continuously improve product competitiveness, and engage with partners in a more open-minded manner.
Corporate product lines are rich, mainly in wireless, core networks, carriers, chips, terminals, and industry applications. Wireless networks in corporate products are now in the first wave of 5g industrialization, while core products such as company self-researched servers, video, digital, database, operating systems are also widely used in the public sector. In the future, companies will be developing cloud computing.
As a result of the growing abundance of the company’s product lines and the acceleration of global 5g construction, the company’s main business performed well in the first half of the year. In terms of revenue structure, the company’s main business is the network of operators, the consumer business, and the three branches of government business, 2019.
The annual share of revenue is 73.3 per cent, 16.5 per cent, 10.1 per cent, compared to the company ' s Māori structure, which accounts for 84 per cent, 8 per cent and 8 per cent of the total Māori business, consumer business and government business, respectively. The network of operators is the company ' s largest firm, with a steady growth in revenue and a rapid recovery in profitability.
At the same time, thanks to continued high R & D inputs from companies, sustained technological independence and innovation in products, and cooperation with partners in building a cooperative and win-win industrial ecological chain, corporate profitability recovered rapidly after a severe setback in 2018 and returned to normal levels. The decline in net corporate return profits in 2016 was mainly due to a total of $892 million in compensation negotiated with the United States Government.
The US chip embargo in the first half of the year caused significant business stagnation, but as companies began to increase their ownership of product technology, and as a result of the new and global 5-g wave, their net return profits quickly lost in 2019 to $5.15 billion, an increase of 174%. The domestic telecommunications industry grew steadily in the first half of the year, and companies benefited from the rapid growth of the domestic mobile Internet.
In the long run, however, global investment in 5g construction continues to grow rapidly, with good communications infrastructure and online applications for disease control and protection.
Overall, after the first quarter of the epidemic hit the company’s performance, it resumed work quickly and its performance recovered steadily. Company q2 received $25.72 billion, an increase of 14.8% in the year; and the net profit of the mother was $1.08 billion, an increase of 77.2% in the same year.
Corporate cost controls are good, and the three rates are stable. Corporate sales rates have declined rapidly over the last five years, with a slight increase in R & D costs from 2015 as a result of companies ' continued high R & D inputs.
Assumption 1: The company’s operator network business is a company that provides wireless access, cable access, core networks, telecommunications software systems, and product solutions based on the evolving needs of the operator’s network.
In the first half of the year, the Division continued to optimize innovation in the area of 5g network communications and is now in the first echelons of the world’s 5g market. At the same time, companies also received a large number of orders in various parts of the world. In the case of cable products, the company’s listing of core dedicated chips has enabled the company’s products to be optimized and their competitiveness enhanced.
Assumption 2: Corporate client business is primarily directed to the needs of government clients and is based on products such as “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing” to provide governments and businesses with various kinds of information-based solutions. For over a decade, companies have accumulated a wealth of customer resources in a number of sectors such as energy, finance, and government.
Core products, such as servers, video, access, databases, operating systems, etc., are also widely used in the political sector. In the future, the business is expected to continue to grow at a steady pace with the rapid development of 5g communications, assuming that the business of the government clientele will be set for 2020-2022.
At the end of the spectrum, the company has a long-term partnership with upstream equipment manufacturers and downstream operators in the industrial chain, is seriously affected by the epidemic in the short term, and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.