Centers for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (US$ 000063.sz)
The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, generating operating income of RMB 47.20 billion, an increase of 5.8 per cent in the same year, and the net profit of RMB 1.86 billion attributable to general shareholders in listed companies, an increase of RMB 1.86 billion in the same year.
In the first half of the year, corporate revenue grew by 5.8%, profit increased by 26%, profit increased mainly by three-fee pressure and a significant reduction in credit and asset impairment, the latter of which contributed 1.47 billion dollars in profit gains.
1. " Upwards and downwards of the epidemic: a positive trend - a quarterly review of communications in the National Treasury " , raising the level of internal management, with sales/management/financial costs falling by 2 per cent per year and financial costs by 5 per cent, respectively.
20. Structural optimization, good business, maintenance of 72 headlines, commercial phase of scale, reduced intensity of R & D inputs, higher R & D costs by 2.6 per cent over the same period. Mäori fell significantly in the short term and is expected to recover in the future.
"Why do we see the boom to 300 billion?" This dramatic change is very rare in the company's history, with a similar situation occurring in 2012 only in the implementation of the Big T strategy in the last 10 years. We believe that it is mainly a 5g-scale network in the first half of the year, with low levels of Maori.
4. The consolidation of the core advantage at the bottom of the windfall profits is due to a significant increase in the share of 5g products. On the one hand, there is still a gap between the company and the main competitor, China, in terms of the combined competitiveness of 5g products, and the limited bargaining power of the product; on the other hand, the 5g scale of the pre-networking process.
Equipment dealers often resort to low-cost strategies for land-grabbing purposes. As companies expect to close the gap with China in the evolution of 5g products, and at the same time increase in the ratio of expanded orders, the operator's Māori margin will return to the benefits of higher operator capital spending and higher market share: the company's consumer revenue will decrease slightly.
Maintenance of stability, accompanied by an increase in the level of Māori; growth in the collection of government and business enterprises, with long-term governance enterprises expected to become the second-largest-out-operator curve.5g Investments fell short of expectations, capital expenditure by operators fell short of expectations, trade friction between Central America and the United States increased, core people
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment