The 5g construction acceleration has led to a steady increase in corporate profits.
The overall market share has remained stable and corporate profits have steadily increased: the report shows that the main reason for the upturn in communications was the company's enhanced cash flow and sales payments management in the first half of the year, the optimization of cost controls and the improvement of the efficiency of the enterprise's own use of its own funds.
The market value of a share in circulation (billion yuan) 6.637 billion yuan, or 14.06 per cent of the revenue, remained high, and the shares showed a relative depth of 300 indicators.
The model provides a strong guarantee for growth in long-term performance. 5g Building accelerates growth in firms ' domestic business: 67.27% in the company ' s domestic market in the first half of 2020. The share of the country as a whole has remained stable, with an optimal and better-focused urban pattern.
New product layouts, such as data centres and margin calculations, provide a solid basis for long-term product competitiveness and a breakthrough in future market patterns. The three major operators spent nearly 88 billion on capital spending in the first half of the year, and the fiveg are projected to spend more than 180 billion on capital spending throughout the year.
The target for the 5g station in the second half of the year means that the construction of the 5g will accelerate further, and the company will do so in the second half of the year.
The accumulation and successful production of more than 100 types of chips is an important part of the all-out layout. We believe that this is accompanied by the accelerated development of the new 5g infrastructure and corporate consolidation.
_aaa_Interim News (0000063) covers for the first time the rising demand for body chips, and the release of profits from company microelectronics is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. _aaa_Intermediate Quantities (300308).
Second-chance only, the leading attribute is the same: in the context of the operator network, communication is the second-largest enterprise in the country after China in technology and applications, according to the dell'oroggroup.
According to published data, the top five suppliers ranked in the global share of income in the telecommunications equipment market in the first quarter of 2020: Hwa (35.7 per cent), Ericsson (24.6 per cent), Nokia (15.8 per cent) and Yangyang Zhang
By contrast, China has a market share of more than 10,000 patents in the fourth quarter of 2019, and 5g patents are in the world’s first bloc with China. According to the 5g necessary patent data published by iplytics, China’s communications ranked third in the world with 2,561 and China ranked first with 3147.
Three major communications operators in the former country have procured their 5g-related technology products, and Sino-Engineer has so far explored 86 5g application scenarios, successfully implementing more than 60 demonstration projects globally. We believe that the company’s position as a leading player in a communications facility in the 5g era has not changed.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In the second half of the year, taking into account the further acceleration of the new 5g capital in the second half of the year, we adjust the risk factors: under-construction of 5g, less-than-expected improvements in corporate governance and increased friction in Central American trade.