In keeping with the trend of special informatization, the market for intelligent security enhancements is a big country. Semiconductor depth report (xv) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
1. High Māori Business Blocks with the current technological advantage of the company; 2 - The double dichotomy of the company ' s traditional smart card incremental market and high Māori Special Integrated Circuits (HIMCs) adapts to the trend of information-based equipment and special integrated circuits will maintain high Māori growth rates
According to a study by Marketresearchfuture, the combined annual growth rate of the global market for special integrated circuits is likely to reach 9% in the projected area from 2017 to 2023.
Five plans, and we believe that the domestic market in this area will continue to grow in high double digits. In 2019, 74.35% rose to 79.55%. At the cost end, the company ' s products will remain at a lower level, using more mature processes and special processes.
The Māori ratio is expected to increase one step in the future as the client orders are released, while Māori rates will remain at high levels as products are restructured and optimized. Smart security chips for future incremental markets
In recent years, the ic card has gradually replaced the magnetic bar card as a future trend. In 2018, 36.8 billion items of global intelligence were captured, up 2% from 2017.
The electronic document industry, second-generation IDs, electronic passports, etc., have led to the growth of the market. We believe that the traditional smart security chip stock market is also a research assistant: Hwa Jin.
One-digit growth will be maintained, and companies have replaced European and American manufacturers as domestic head suppliers. While Esim will not replace Sim in the short term, in the 5g era, both consumer-level and material-networked applications have triggered a full-scale outbreak, with traditional sim cards unable to adapt to large-scale connections.
Net deployment. The latest study by Strategyanalytics predicts that in 2020 the number of smart hands supporting Esim reached 39 million in the Western European market, accounting for 32 per cent of the total number of smartphones in Western Europe, up from less than 20 per cent in 2019.
1.1. Huaann Securities _ Industry Research _ Industry Depth _ Large Power Males. Semiconductor System (I): Science and Technology in “Keys”, billion, while in m2m, physical networking, Esim equipment is also expected to reach 232 million in 2024
The most powerful of the times, 2020-05-13 (18% of the annual composite growth rate), over 100 million of which came from cars. As a leading provider of professional esim product solutions in the country, UV's microflagged Esim card chip product has become a series.
The network is not as advanced as expected; the equipment is not updated as expected; the parent company is in debt; and the semiconductor under the purple flag is an important puzzle.
1.1 Business focus: The company's multi-product line is the lead in its domestic segmentation. The Purple Group was founded in 1988 by the University of Qinghua and is guided by a strategy of “from core to cloud” focusing on the intelligent design and manufacture of the int element and infrastructure.
In recent years, the Purple Group has acquired the Linxens Group, which has acquired a full range of smart card microlinks, rfid antennas and embedded elements in the design and production field.
The center of the semiconductor under the flag of the Purple Group is currently listed as a semiconductor industry under the flag of the Purple Light Group, which was established in 2001 to focus on the design and development of integrated circuit chips, their products and applications, both inside and outside the country, in smart security chips, high stability.
The core business areas of storage chips, power semiconductor devices, superstitious crystal frequency devices, etc., have emerged as the leading competition.
Crystals, fpga, and dram storage units. 1) Smart security chips: responsibility is vested in Purple CoPyroscope Microelectronics Ltd. Purple combinates have long been dedicated to financial security chip designs in areas such as payment, identification, object networking, mobile communications, etc., and have formed smart cards.
Safety chip and smart terminal security chip core operations that provide chips and solutions that cover financial ic cards, telecommunications sim cards, m2m, residence permits, city-to-city cards, residential health cards, social security cards, mobile payment cards, se (security units), usb-key, smart poss/mpos security masters, non-contacts
Industrial markets such as reading and writing machines, wireless chargers, smart door locks, etc., are used both domestically and internationally, and are among the largest producers of global sales in the field. 2) Special integrated circuits: operated by Shenzhen State Microelectronics Ltd., the first country to launch “909”
The product covers high-performance microprocessors, high-performance programmable devices, storage devices, busware, interface drives, and six series of power source chips, while providing users with access to asic/soc designs.
(c) CDS and home-grown system chip-level solutions. 3) Power-free devices: provided by Tinless Purple Microelectronics Ltd., an integrated circuit that focuses on advanced semiconductor power devices and integrated circuit design development, chip processing, encapsulation testing and marketing of products
Products such as sjmosfet, dtmosfet, hvvdmos, gbt, igto, halfbridgegatedriver and related power management systems are widely used for energy conservation, green lighting, wind power, smart power grids, hybrid power \
Electrical cars, instrumentation, consumer electronics, etc. (4) Stone-Engine crystals: responsibility is vested in Tangshan National Crystal Source Electronics Ltd. Since its creation in 1990, the company has been focusing on the development and production of pressurized crystal frequency devices and monocrystal material processing.
Enterprises, after acquiring an American colleague ' s ocxo plant in 2013, have successfully entered the world ' s powerhouse in the pressurized crystals industry. Products cover more than 6,000 species of the following 26 categories: dip, smd, smd clock, vcxo, tcxo, ocxo and led sapphire bottoms, window blades, etc.; from water.
Crystal growth, chip processing, assembly of finished products to complete autonomous production of product test seals, with full control over product quality, production costs and delivery times, and the establishment of product R & D experimental lines and product development centres, which can provide customized products to clients.
5) fpga: Responsible for the participation in Shenzhen City Purple and Soft Electronics Co. Ltd., which is the leading fpga manufacturer in China and specializes in the development and production of programmable logical devices (fpga, cpld, etc.) for sale, platform and system solutions for programmed logical devices with autonomous intellectual property rights, product coverage communication,
Network security, industrial control, video surveillance, auto electronics, consumer electronics, data centres, etc. Application domain. UV-State indirectly holds 36.5% of the company’s shares. 6) Dram storage: is under the responsibility of the participating company Xian-Swilight-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Eightland Semiconductor Limited.
The company’s core business is the development of storage units and the sale of brand-owned storage products. Since the company’s Fables model has a low Māori ratio, it is not possible to store with the foreign Idm model.
Competing. The other group assigns the company to purple storage, which currently holds 24% of the shares of the company. 1.2 Equity stabilizes: the strategic layout of the firm's real owners is clear.
In the last 36 months, there has been no change in the stockholdings of listed companies, which are in the form of purple Xinghua, and the actual owner, Cinghua. The firm’s equity structure is stable, and the real owner, Cinghua, is Qinghua University’s financial analysis of Qinghua’s integration of the Qinghua industry: continuing to be good, the sales of high-ori product lines have expanded.
The company has grown steadily in the last five years, and its net profits have risen robustly. Between 2015 and 2020, storage chips have gradually gone up, special integrated circuits have grown robustly, and smart card chips have grown faster so that the company’s revenues have grown from $1.240 billion to $3.43 billion, and the same growth has also increased from 13.5 per cent to 39.54 per cent, and the company’s operating revenues have increased steadily.
Moreover, in 2019, the company’s operating income accumulated through technological R & D, with a steady growth of 10.77% in a number of market segmentation areas. During the same period, the company achieved net return profits of 335 million yuan, 336 million yuan, 278 million yuan, 348 million yuan, and total net return profits, which increased steadily from 18 to 20 years, after the company’s net return profit fluctuated as a result of full integration.
The low Māori rate for storage operations, the increase in sales and R&D costs in 2019, the slight decrease in the net return ratio, the limited contribution to the net profit end of the low Māori rate for storage operations, and the expected positive growth in corporate return net profits in 2020.
The increase in R & D and remuneration expenditures. The increase in the M & A rate was due to the break-up in 2019 of the M & L Special Integrated Circuit Camp, which was divided into smart card chips, integrated circuits, memory chips, stone crystals components, and four large collection plates. In 2019, the ratio was 38.52%, 31.46%, 24.57%, and 4.91%, respectively.
Capable chip is dominated, integrated circuits and storage chips are second. But the trend in the last two years shows that storage chip release is clear, and there was no presence of the chip in the main camp operation in 2015, but over time, the share of the master chip storage camp rose rapidly to 24.57% by 2019. The global dram storage industry landscape for 2016-2018.
At a time of high gas reading, prices rose significantly, and company dram chips and modules increased steadily in their delivery, bringing to light that the memory business had been the company's lowest Māori rate in recent years, and that in 2019 the Māori rate was only strong in the industry, but the Māori rate of smart card chips had declined as a result of intense competition at the lower and middle end of the market, and 2019.
It fell to 24%. The crystal crystal had not been a priority in terms of revenue collection, and by 2019 it had contributed only 4.91%, although the Māori rate of the business had been low, but it had been stable in terms of the Māori rate, with little impact on the company as a whole.
From 2015 to 2019, the revenues increased from $394 million to $1,079 million. At the same time, revenues increased by 75.3%.
Interest rates are outstanding, with the Māori rate standing at more than 50% over the years, while the Māori rate rose to 65.44% in 2019 as business moved into a high pace of development. Companies continue to promote the development and landing of new products, the number of large-scale households is growing rapidly, new products are being used more widely, and the product is widely recognized by users, and it should be on a good scale.
More investment in core technological innovation, with R & D rising to $557 million annually. Companies have maintained high levels of research and development over the years, laying a good foundation for their products over the next few years.
Focusing on chip design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, and sealing board. The ratio of R & D to R & D, the company ' s revenues from 2018-2019 increased at a higher same rate as new products were introduced, while the increase in revenues led to a lower R & D share, and the actual amount of R & D input is still steadily increasing.
Figure 82015-2019 Māori sales rate (%) and net profits (millions of dollars)2 are more than business driven by medium- and long-term growth in companies.
2.1 Development Drive One: Special Integrated Circuit Business Needs Drive High Performance Growth, Country Production Substitution Prospects High Utility Utility Country Special Integrated Circuit Business Products cover a number of Special Sector Needs, mainly aviation and shipping
The products cover high-performance microprocessors, high-performance programmable devices, storage devices, busware, interface drives, power chips, and six major series, while providing asic/soc design development services and home-grown chip-level solutions for the chip industry.
Against this background, the market share of the series of special integrated circuits products has gradually increased, multiple special microprocessor products have entered important embedded special applications, special fpga products have been widely used in electronic systems, information security, automation controls, etc., and have achieved a high domestic market share; special storage products have become available in the country.
The widest range of products in specialized applications; the company ' s Sopc platform products have also been widely recognized and applied in the market; the company has now developed over 200 products and has established strategic partnerships with a wide range of industry-focused enterprises in the country, and has gained broad market recognition and reputation.
The special integrated circuits sector is growing at a very high rate, generating a business income of $1,079 million a year. In 2019, the flag of the purple flag achieved a business income of $1,079 million, an increase of 75.3 per cent, and a net profit of $506 million, an increase of 101 per cent, with a significant increase in the number of customers and sales, making the purple emblem the main source of the national chip in the special sector.
Chart 10 shows the net profits of integrated circuits (millions of dollars) and the growth rate, and the core advantages are clear, integrated, with good branding and credit within the industry. The special integrated circuit industry differs from the integrated circuit industry, which is characterized by a large variety of products, a relatively low total of single varieties, and requires security at the same time.
The current market-specific integrated circuit industry is characterized by a monopoly on buyers, with customers concentrated mainly in the area of special equipment production lines. The market’s increasing demand for special equipment has been accompanied by a rapid increase in demand for special equipment.
Long-term trends. National microelectronics serve the area of special equipment over the long term, and provide downstream customers with a perfect emphasis on brand advantages, from the provision of single-type products to the provision of systematic solutions, while using their own brand advantages to expand customer viscosity, with clear advantages in subsequent market competition.
In a complex and hostile environment, such as space, special design is needed to make the device particles available to space.
Radiation is reliable. Antimelting fpga, because of its high reliability, radiation resistance, is one of the main fpgas used in space, but antimelting fpga makes it difficult and is used mostly in special applications, where the current market is not just a natural price, but in a complex and volatile international situation, it promotes a core integrated circuit.
In addition to becoming a chip supplier for large aircraft c919, UV will have full access to the civil aviation equipment market. With its advanced technological capabilities in special integrated circuits, UV has become a chip for the C919 major aircraft.
The combined annual growth rate of the global market for special integrated circuits is likely to reach 9%. And the Asia-Pacific region, which is the largest component of the global market for special integrated circuits, has led to a huge increase in the development of special integrated circuits in the purple-light countries.
The opportunity is great. At the same time, a new generation of large-scale programmable fpga, one of the core components of the user ' s national product upgrading, has been developed and launched to further strengthen the company ' s leading position in this product area, and to provide a further boost to the follow-up development of the special integrated circuits in the purple light country.
2.2 Development-driven II: Stock-to-Improducer, Smart-Scope Industry Space-Expanded icCards have been gradually replacing magnet cards in recent years as a future trend. icCards are widely applied to identity.
In a series of card-type operations, such as payment tools, encryption/declassification, and telecommunications sim cards, there are integrated circuits embedded inside the card, features such as data storage, transmission, processing, confidentiality and greater storage capacity, which can be applied flexibly to diverse applications. The user-friendly, flexible and diversified application of the card is a future smart card.
2% per year. Global smart cards are expected to reach 38.4 billion by 2022.
The market for chips grew as a result of the spread of documents such as second-generation identity cards and electronic passports. Second-generation certificates and electronic passports contain non-contact chip documents containing information about the biological characteristics of the holder, and electronic documents.
Not only does it contain a large amount of personal information, but it also effectively improves the security of documents, preserves national security, and facilitates the movement of document holders. According to the AIDS website, in 2019, China ' s number of visitors and departures amounted to 300 million, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same period.
While e-passport-based electronic document products meet the vast market demand, the need to connect the increased market demand for the chip to the 5g cycle, the sim card update, cannot be delayed. 5g is an important strategy for the development of the national industrial and information industries, and is a catalyst for the digital transformation of industries.
The Internet has been widely networked, the country has been working hard to build 5g networks, to upgrade its communications services in a comprehensive manner, and the demand for data storage and information security has increased simultaneously. While 4gsim cards can deliver information between the 5g base stations, it is the express transmission in the communication process that is at great risk.
Household identity is then used to steal some of the user's privacy data, yet 5 gsim is encrypted via succi, which can effectively protect the user's identity privacy, avoid illegal tracking of interceptions, and further protect the user's behavioral data security. This has led to the impending replacement of the Sim card in an era of full commercialization of 5g, while bringing the chip market.
2.2.1 Sim card market surges, with a positive outlook of 6.2 per cent worldwide in 2014, reaching 26.1 per cent, 4g user growth and 4g penetration by 2019, reaching 41 per cent. According to Mintel data, 74 per cent of Chinese consumers indicated that they liked to be the first to taste.
People who test new technologies, which means that China has more room for the subsequent development of the 5g market. At the same time, China, as the world’s largest mobile communications market, has 1.3 sim cards per user, with a larger market volume, estimated on the basis of operating data from the three major operators, by the end of June this year, the number of users of our 5g package had accumulated into millions.
The total volume of 5g mobile phones is only 77,368,000. This means that a number of users, despite processing 5g packages, do not actually use the 5g network service, and that the user’s sim card is still in its 4g stage. But the overall development of the 5g cycle in our country, with 5g technology being more advanced than 4g technology, is a necessary development in the future market.
To, and at the same time, it will bring new growth opportunities for mobile communication smart security chips. The development and comparison of the 5g Super Sim card product is still promising, and there is still room for improvement.
Distribute 5g supersim card, supersim card will also launch the same name mobile app, user's newsletters, photos, apps, etc., which will enable cross-brand mobile phone migration through back-up/recovery one-key operation. The backup and recovery of the information will be done locally, with full encryption escort. Whether stored or secure, purple 5g supersim
To date, the 5g Super Sim card has received full support from three major operators, which, in conjunction with the UV country, have worked together on a wide range of aspects of 5g communications and the application of the Internet. There are currently three medium-sized cavities for mainstream mobile phones in the market.
"Dual Nano Casket", "Dual Nano+ Storage Card Slot" and "Lione Nano+nano/Storage Combin". According to official data, currently 5g Super Sim can match "nano+nano/Store Combinary Casket", Super Sim Card supported chart 18 is currently Super SimCard Matching Cards
Esim card products have good prospects and high spatial potential. As communication technology changes, coupled with a network of goods, and a large number of wearable devices, Esim will be widely used.
Simca, esim does not need to insert the entity ' s sim card, but simply uses software to easily apply the mobile network. It can be replaced more easily. Another important motivation for the esim card is cost. According to the gsma report, the cost of moving the sim card is almost 10 times that of the esim card.
In terms of performance and safety, the sim card slots are easily exposed to dust, severe vibrations lead to poor contact, the object network is particularly difficult to deploy, and Esim has no such concerns, and embedded chip allows the product to be earthquake resistant, high temperature, reliable.
The security information contained in the esim card can be used to help companies to authenticate private networks; remote management of equipment data, recovery and removal, etc. Security protections are much less difficult. Esim, while not replacing Sim in the short term, is definitely a trend, especially in the 5g era, regardless of consumption level.
Both applications and appliance applications have ushered in a full-scale outbreak, and Esim is a powerful tool. The traditional sim card is tied to a single operator, which needs to be replaced by artificial plug-in and cannot be adapted to large-scale network deployments. In the case of car connections, the manufacturer wants to sell vehicles around the world and ensure that every car is connected to any local network of operators.
A seamless car-networking service for users, which requires a lot of manpower to replace the sim card each time a vehicle is sold to a country, increases operating costs. If a vehicle enters a blind area, the Esim program ensures a seamless connection to another network of operators with signal coverage, which is a traditional sim card.
As a leading provider of professional Esim product solutions in the country, the Esim card chip product under the flag of the Purple State has been sequenced and has been working closely with the three major operators. As early as 2018, the purple light was working with the middle transporter.
The 4gesimsoc chip developed with high-performance application processors and mature and reliable lte-band processors equipped with esim, onenet access, aerial writing cards, and FOTA upgrades is the first customized 4gesimsoc chip in industry. In 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Hong Kong.
Cooperation on esim operations, combined with the establishment of joint innovation centres, and joint efforts to promote comprehensive innovation and security in the network. The domestic esim operation has been in operation for several years and has accumulated a wealth of practical application experience.
Foreign esim technology is also supported by the market, and the latest study of strategyanalytics predicts that by 2025 the volume of esim sales for use on the Internet will more than double. The number of smartphones supporting esim in Western Europe reached 39 million in 2020, representing 32 per cent of the total volume of smartphones in Western Europe, up from less than 2019.
20%. As the bottom technologies of 5g, big data, etc. mature, the three operators have also accelerated the pace and scope of the layout. Currently, Esim technology has been applied to wearable devices, and the next step will be widely used in electronic products such as car networking, industrial goods networking, etc.
In the 5g era, the market of Esim as a whole would be transformed from a stock market to an incremental market. By 2024, according to the forecast of the beresearch, the consumer electronic equipment of the built-in Esim would reach 644 million, of which the smartphone would be about 500 million, while in the m2m, the object network, the equipment of Esim in 2024, too, would be available.
To reach 232 million (18% of the annual composite growth rate), of which more than 100 million came from cars, global sales of esim card phones in chart 202017-2025 continued to grow as the goods network and 5g technology progressed, and the automobile industry was becoming more intelligent.
The Chinese car-networking industry is still in the early stages of development, with the Chinese car-networking market model stable at about 15% in 2016-2019, and the size of the car-networking market has reached 57.4 billion yuan in 2019. In 2020, we are expected to reach nearly 97.5 billion yuan. At the key nodes of the car-connection and the 5g cycle, the purple light country is a small country.
This thd89 developed under the flag of the purple comb is the first in the country to obtain anaec-q100 certification through international security certificate 6+ and is one of the highest security chips in the world, achieving a major breakthrough for China in this area, while laying a solid foundation for the All-Intelligent Federation.
, which also provides a solid foundation for the car electronics industry. Chart 21 shows the size and forecast of China’s car networked market (million US dollars) Figure 22 The size and forecast of China’s goods networked market (million US dollars)
Chart 23 Ultraviolet car carrying thd89 chips, while companies took down the domestic esim list on several occasions. In 2018, UV countries took two out of the bidding for "Scope-based Internet Safety Services Platform Procurement Project" and "Esim Crystal Purchase Project"
The purchase was for 20 million safe chips, 40 million consumer-grade Esim crystals, 10 million industrial-grade Esim crystals, the largest bid ever in China and the world until 2018.
On October 27, 2020, in a tender for the `esim crystal procurement project' by China Mobiles Network Ltd., the Uttar Pradesh flag (002049.sz) marked 70 million Esim crystals, including 40 million consumer-grade Esim crystals and 30 million industrial-grade esim crystals.
3 Holdings Fpga/dram, with a broad business outlook of 3.1fpga, is fully integrated into the multi-product line layout of fpga (fieldprogrammablegateray) based on programmable devices such as pal, gal, etc.
A product of a step-by-step development. It emerged as a semi-custody circuit in the area of dedicated integrated circuits (asic), which addressed both the shortcomings of custom-made circuits and the limited number of circuits in the original programmable device doors. The fpga development cycle, which had the advantages of low delay, low power consumption, high programming flexibility, late upgrades, etc., was extensive.
In the areas of telecommunications, transport, data processing and industrial control, under the 5g cycle, companies can be helped to quickly launch new products, significantly reducing the time and cost of research and development.
Professionally engaged in the development and production of programmable logical devices (fpga, cpld, etc.) for sale, and dedicated to providing customers with a perfect programable logical device platform and system solutions with autonomous intellectual property rights. Purple co-founder of many prizes in fpga, with mature product lines and patent technology.
The product series is divided into the Titan series, the logos series and the compact series to meet the needs of different clients.
China’s fpga market is in high demand, at high growth rates, and global markets are growing. According to mrfr, the global fpga market is about $6.3 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach $12.5 billion by 2025, while China’s fpga market is expected to grow by more than 20% over the next three years and is in a fast growth phase.
As a result of fpga programming flexibility, fpga was widely applied in the communications industry where the protocol changed to normal, and in the 5g era, fpga was even more indispensable. The disadvantages of the asic chip, which is now heavily used in communications, are also evident because it is designed for specific algorithms and once the chip is designed, the algorithms it adapts to.
It's fixed, so once the algorithm changes, it's probably out of use. In the 5g era, the arrival of 5g will result in a huge increase in the end equipment, a huge increase in the need for connectivity, a rapid development of 5g, a new connection scenario, a growing number of devices that need more flexible transmission, the fpga spirit.
Lively programming can be of the greatest value at this time, in conjunction with multiple transmission protocols without replacing the chip. The faster pace of the 5g commercial process will drive the increase in demand in the fpga market.
3.1.2 fpga has a large national production replacement space, and purple light and co-creation are leading, according to the data published by His, that China accounts for more than 30% of the world's fpga market demand, and that global and Chinese markets have long had no bearing on national product brands.
The global market has a two-fold monopoly pattern, with xilinx and altera accounting for 56% and 31% of the global market, respectively. In China’s fpga market, it is also as high as 52% and 28%.
High technology barriers: fpga is an industry with high technical barriers, complex and low hardware structures, and research and development combines hard and hard synergies; high human resource barriers: nearly all of the world ' s fpga cores are in the United States, and China ' s experts in the relevant fields are less than in the United States.
The investment cycle is longer: fpga design is more fundamental to the bottom hardware, leading to a relatively long research and development cycle for projects that use fpga technology to achieve complex algorithms, while substantial capital investment is required during research and development. National production breakthroughs are more difficult: core patents are monopolized by head companies and domestic producers lack the fpga core technology.
At the same time, in terms of patents, the difference between domestic and international patents is about 20 times higher, and the huge technology gap has made it difficult for national producers to move forward with thorns. Purple leads, followed by larger market space.
The fpga of the 40mm process is still under development. The purple light is at least one generation ahead of the other domestic manufacturers, but at least two generations behind the international giants. At the same time, during the outbreak, the purple light, together with the co-founder, launched the built-in 2 nuclear processor +fpga program, with an iec 61131.
Standard and external communications processing engines, real-time motion control drive engines, intermodule high-speed synchronous communication engines, accelerated memory using emmc+sd+usb3.0+ddr3 with 32 road high-speed io (16in/16out) built to achieve high-speed communication for Pac running the controller and guarantee the high-speed operation of the masker.
It offers great hope that the future market space will grow considerably under the logic of a larger national alternative space and a 5g cycle. 3.2 Strip the dram storage chip business and improve the company's Māori (dynamicram) rate, the dynamic ram, which can only keep the data for a very short period of time.
Time-use renovation is the largest member of the Ram family. The commonly spoken ram is the dram. In the system, the ram is only one of the most important devices after cpu. The relationship between them, as between the brain and the memory, is in fact inextricably linked. Almost all computer systems and smart electronics.
The company has an internationalization team with core design and testing techniques for storage and integrated circuits. The company's core business is storage design, storage development.
Since its inception, the company has been focusing on the development and technological accumulation of storage, especially the dram storage, the continuous sale of products to the domestic and international markets, and the accumulation of sound storage design, testing, outsourcing production, programme construction and global mass production.
In the past few years, the purple combinator has successfully completed 10 soc chip designs and fluids for the client on the 65nm/40nm/28nm/14nm process, helping the client to produce low-cost, efficient products. The main product of the purple combinator is divided into dram chip, eccdram, dram module, dram.
The company developed 8gbddr4dram memory crystals, which are ready for national substitution.
The report shows that the world’s storage markets are now largely owned by leading producers in the United States and South Korea, with a national production rate of almost zero. With the rapid development of big data, object networking, and artificial intelligence, there is a growing demand for stored data from smart terminals, with high prices for large international plants and technological prices, national substitution becomes a necessary trend.
At the 8th Chinese Electronic Information Fair (cite 2020), held on August 14, this year, the 8gbdrdr4dram memory circle, developed by the Xian purple glimmer, was displayed. According to official sources, this is the first section of the memory that supports the dddr4 of x32io specification and compatibility with jedec, with a single die chip bandwidth of 10.4 gb/s.
Support for tsv seals can be extended to 16gb capacity, incorporating ecc bugging, all standards that meet international standards, stock stripping the dram memory chip business, and improving the company's overall Māori ratio. The Māori ratio of the storage chip dropped significantly from 18.3 per cent to 7 per cent between 2017 and 2018, with the storage industry entering again in the first half of 2019.
The price of the product has continued to fall significantly in the lower cycle. But the company has decided to transfer 76% of the stock of the violet core of Xian to the company to maintain and follow up on the advanced continuation of the dram chip, the continuous increase in investment in product R & D, the high operating pressure, the rising indebtedness rate, and the performance pressure on the listed company.
Beijing Purple Storage Technology Ltd., with a reduction of 24% in shareholding, completed this equity transfer at the end of December 2019 and will not be included in the corporate consolidated statements as of 2020. This asset transfer relieves the pressure for further sustained development of funding, while the overall strategic layout of the composite purple group in the area of storage is, to say the same thing, a two-dimensional one.
The core assumption for the company’s revenue profitability projections for the next three years is that (1) the product structure is optimized once again with the esim spread, the Māori rate is higher, and it is projected to be smart in 2021.
The card chip is expected to be removed from storage operations in the future by 2020 as the product gradient for downstream applications is enriched. (2) Special integrated circuits remain robust in terms of equipment information updating and replacement needs for 1455 devices.
1) Material Networking is not as advanced as expected; 2) Equipment is not updated as expected; pcb Orientation Study.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.