The more American consumption experience goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
The Gore shares issue a three-quarterly report that projected operating income of $17.26 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 36.93 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and net profits of 1,385 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 33.66 per cent over the previous quarter. The third quarter saw a return of $7.286 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 20.24 per cent over the previous quarter, and the third quarter net profit of $666 million, an increase of 18.55 per cent over the previous quarter.
Performance is as expected, and the decline in performance is mainly influenced by the late listing of iphonex. By product splitting, $4.15 billion was achieved in the third quarter of a quarter for electrical devices such as acoustics and headphones, representing an increase of 22.49 per cent compared with the increase of $2.913 billion for electronic parts such as vr and clothing, representing an increase of 14.24 per cent compared with the increase of 14.24 per cent. The continuous upgrading of electronics is a definite trend in future developments, and the contribution of the major upgrades in the Applex series will begin in the fourth quarter.
The profits ranged from 9.7% to 63%. Four quarters of iphonex officially entered the high-premise period, the company’s peak in the sale of electronics was postponed from the third to the fourth quarter, and the company will return to high-performance in the fourth quarter.
The company’s e-equipment business has been significantly synergized, with deep integration releasing performance dividends. The company’s e-equipment business is an electric sound machine.
\triangleright provides access to the sea, relying on electronic components to produce products, and companies have a deeper understanding of end-brand customers ' needs, which can be more responsive to clients and define the next generation ahead of time, while the depth of integration between finished and zero-component operations can be reduced
The business model creates deep barriers, and the synergies between vr’s product release will release a significant performance dividend. We give companies the risk of sales of apple phones below expectations.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant, He Mau Fei.
A Master of Science in Microelectronics and Solid Electronics at the University of Akbar, joined the East Hing Securities in 2016. The researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies