Gore shares (002241), three-quarter performance is in line with expectations and is expected to grow rapidly throughout the year
On the evening of 19 October, Gore shares issued a tri-quarter report for 2017 and a full-year performance forecast for 2017: (1) the Department of Public Administration achieved a revenue of $7,286 million, an increase of 20.24 per cent over the same period; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies was $666 million, q3 met expectations and was expected to grow rapidly throughout the year
\triangleright 2, company q3 revenue growth due mainly to: (i) the expansion of operations and a significant increase in sales order operating income over the last year; and (ii) q3 electrical sound devices, which generated $9,826 million, an increase of 44.03 per cent, and electronic appliance
3. It is expected that the company’s performance will continue to grow rapidly throughout the year with the large-scale delivery of iphonex in four quarters. The continuous upgrading of acoustic devices has contributed to an increase in the value of single-organic instruments, 1, iphonex microphones, stereos, and waterproof designs, which have contributed to an increase in the value of acoustic devices.
iPhone and state-made smart stereos and waterproof upgrades will increase the single machine value of Speiker and receiver to around 50-100% (from $4.0 to $6.5), and hardware will continue to be upgraded in the country next year by smartphone manufacturers, represented by Apple, to promote the cost of acoustic devices.
The value is further developed, and the company leads the project as an acoustic device, and the profit from the acoustic device is expected to increase further.
The company takes advantage of smart hardware opportunities, such as vr/ar, in the consumer electronics industry, and uses global customer resources to expand areas such as hearable, viewable, wearable, and Robotics. A total of about 1.4 million are sold, with two vr devices expected to sell around 3.5 million in 2017.
1. Gore shares (002241), company review: The company ' s acquisition of the world ' s top sound equipment manufacturer, Dana, will also benefit significantly from the company ' s smartphone business with the best sales of Applehomepod and Amazonecho.
Performance meets expectations, and looks forward to an increase in the value of acoustics.3 Companies are fast-paced by consumer electronic innovation, new industries such as artificial intelligence, vr/ar, smart homes, and future performance elasticity.
2. " The People ' s Electronics Industry Event Review: New iphone stock production, good outlook for the Apple industry chain " , III. Prospective earnings and investment proposals
The company’s future performance is expected to continue to grow rapidly, as a leading company in the country’s micro-acoustic units, with active deployment of smart hardware fields, such as vr/ar. The company’s expected sales of eps in 2017–2019 are below the expected sales volume of $0.70, 1, 1 and iphonex; and 2, vr/ar have not developed as expected.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Zhou Shuu, Electronic Research Assistant. B.A., Semiconductor, China University, Doctor of Electronic Materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metals Research.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,