Gore shares (002241.sz) underperformed: acoustics and visual products boosted growth: a neutral rating. Gore shares earned $7.3 billion in three quarters and net profits $666 million, respectively, lower than before.
Forecasts of $7.8 billion and $795 million. The net profit of the company in the fourth quarter was 10-64 per cent between the target areas, an increase ((ii) 23 per cent increase in revenue from the third quarter of the year, which was slower than 65 per cent in the first half of the year, because
The company expects the iPhone components to be delivered in the fourth quarter of the year on average.
Oculus and Sony's overall vr shipment is expected to increase three times as much and their contribution to income more than one times as much as we expected. The company still considers vr/ar, wireless headphones, wearing equipment and robots to be consistent with our expectations.
Gale is working with such big American technology players as Google. (4) The company plans to spend RMB 3 billion in 2017, and says that next year's capital spending, to take account of the latest performance, has fine-tuned the revenue and profit projections for Gore's shares for 2017-19.
The rate is 26 per cent, compared to 40 per cent for a smartphone supply chain partner. However, a 15 per cent valuation discount is applied to the average value of updated peer valuations.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
Gore shares (002241.sz). Gore shares: summary financial data.
Hu Lingling Gool (002241.sz) October 23, 2017
Gore shares (002241.sz) themselves, Hu Lingling, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said company or its securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of some firms being acquired. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of companies becoming M & As (30-50%), two of which represent a medium probability (15-30%), and three of which are less likely (0%-Qantum).
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of single firms, or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries.gssstain50 is a list of concerns that we believe are based on excellent capital returns.
Reporting, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance) are expected to perform well in the long run vis-à-vis industry leaders around the world. Candidates are based mainly on a comprehensive quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas.
(a) Telecommunications and technology in China: communications services in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Gore (rmb20.56) Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Gore (rmb20.56)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
Gore shares (002241.sz) are distributed in China by High China Securities.