Gore shares (0022241.sz)
The company's announcement that it intends to implement the Home 3 employee holding plan, which will be funded in a total amount of not more than $700 million and cover not more than 1,600 staff, including senior managers and core business cadres, has helped restore market confidence and has a positive impact in view of the previous suspension of senior management. Looking ahead, the company's performance in 2017 will be positive.
Rapid growth is certain, and the future growth of the acoustic industry is clear, and companies, as core suppliers of the industry, will benefit fully from the upgrading of the products of acoustic devices in smart hardware. In addition, the company’s accumulated experience in optical manufacturing, sensor design, and 3d sealing makes it an insider in the electronics industry.
A small number of platform-based enterprises that can provide a holistic solution to voice and light power, long-term growth space for corporate performance
The management and core business cadres, highlighting the firm's confidence in future development, and in the context of the recent senior executives' end-of-term plan to cut their personal shares, we believe that the company's series of moves are positive and beneficial for maintaining market confidence.
The business of acoustics and optical components continues to grow rapidly: we judge that the new iphone product is protected.
The water, stereos, microphones, etc. will continue to be upgraded and will be replicated by other mobile phone manufacturers and wind. In the context of the rapid increase in unit prices for electrical equipment products, the overall audio market is expected to continue at a rate of more than 20 per cent over the next two years.
Value growth is expected to be more than 25 per cent; at the same time, the optical component industry has a strong growth momentum in its performance as a core supplier in the vr industrial chain (oculus exclusive, psvr surrogate, holollens surrogate), leading to rapid growth in revenues associated with electronic parts.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: based on innovation in the apple upgrade and rapid release of expected remuneration (expectedreturn; er) in the virtual reality industry, as follows: This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.