Gore shares (002241), two wholly-owned subsidiaries investing abroad, taking over the company's strategic landings.
In the city of Qingdao, Shandong Province, the sum of US$ 10,000 is to establish the Quanshan Gore Electronics Company (the name is based on the business register) and (2) the company is to finance the sum of US$ 15 million in cash to establish the Quinshan Electronics Company (the name is based on the business register) in the city of Kunshan, Jiangsu Province.
Investing in two wholly-owned subsidiaries, taking over company strategic landing 1 \triangleright 1 \, investing in Gorewe Electronics, managing the country ' s industrial balance by integrating high-quality resources up and down the industrial chain
The trend towards restructuring and upgrading of product intelligence, and the consolidation of corporate leadership in the mems sensor area, will have a positive impact on the company’s future development.2 The company invests in Kunshan Gool, and the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary at the Consumer Electronic Production Centre will help to improve its performance.
Attracting talent, integrating supply chain resources and upgrading the company ' s sophisticated manufacturing capabilities; and providing clients with a more sophisticated approach to the Unit than to depth 300, adding high-quality services to facilitate rapid corporate strategy in the context of the company ' s current production base configuration.
Apple-led smartphones continue to innovate, so the value of single-camera acoustic devices continues to rise \triangleright 1, iphonex drives the continuous upgrading of consumer electronics, innovations in their microphones, stereos and waterproof designs.
With the upgrading of iphones and national smarts stereos and water security, the single machine value of Speaker and receiver has risen from 50 to 100% (from $4.0 to 2, smartphone manufacturers have continuously upgraded hardware to promote further enhancement of the value of acoustic devices).
The country’s electricity market is expected to grow by about 30% next year. The company’s performance as a leading audio company is expected to increase further.
1 idc reports that global vr/ar products and services in 2021 will amount to $215 billion, with huge market space. The company’s sole agent, Ocuulusrift of Facebook and Psvr of Sony, sold about 1.4 million units in 2016 and is expected to sell around 3.5 million units in 2017.
2. The company uses global customer resources to harness smart hardware opportunities such as vr/ar in the consumer electronics industry, and expands new industries such as artificial intelligence, smart homes and so forth.
Third, profit predictions and investment proposals, companies leading the country's micro-acoustic units while actively setting up smart hardware such as vr/ar.
1. Gore shares (002241), company rating: " In-situ performance meets expectations and values of acoustics are raised" 2. "Assessment of events in the popular electronics industry: a new iPhone."
Mobile phone volume production, good outlook for the apple industry chain, 1, iphonex sales below expectations; 2,vr/ar development below expectations.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Baa, and an entrepreneur of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, and a member of the NLD securities in 2016. Zhou Shuu, assistant in electronics research. Bachelor of semiconductor, China University of China, doctor of electronic materials, Beijing General School of Non-ferrous Metal Research.
The key laboratories, which are engaged in research on the microsensors, joined in 2017 with the UDPS. The authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seek to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.