Increased inward sales on a continuous basis, with emerging business potential highlighted 29/04 2025: Corporate disclosure of the first quarter of 2025 and operating revenue of $12.117 billion in the first quarter of 2025
\triangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright
In terms of cost rates, 740 million net corporate sales, managed cash flows in the first quarter of 2025, compared with 141%, have improved significantly. Consider the potential of the company’s platformed layout development. 1) Concrete machinery, engineering cranes, construction start-up.
\triangleright The size and market position of overseas operations of the three traditionally dominant product lines of machinery continued to rise, with total exports growing by more than 35 per cent in 2024; 2) Soil machines quickly completed the diggered, microdiggered product spectrometry.
Achieve full coverage of 1.5-400 tons of product product spectrum, 27 per cent increase in export sales in 2024 and further increase in branding and international influence; 3) strong high-altitude operational machinery development, leading in 2024 to small and medium-sized customers in the domestic market, with 90 per cent penetration of electricized products; 4) sustained increase in research and development investment in agro-machinery operations
1. The Central and Central Quality Section (000157.sz) reported an annual review in 2024: new and emerging operations, such as joint materials, are led by technological innovation, sustained and increased investment in research and development, and solidly contribute to the reduction of efficiency gains.
The structure of the overseas areas is optimized and the direct marketing system is deepening. With the \triangleright cycle impact - 2024/10/31
Market breakthroughs in emerging regions, more diversification of corporate overseas markets, better regional marketing structures, and concerted regional market development have been followed by high-growth “multiple blooms.” Offshore “end-to-end, digital, localized” direct marketing systems continue to deepen, supporting offshore markets, risk prevention, etc.
In the year 2023, the Central and Central Quality Section (000157.sz) reported that multiple competitivenesss, such as localization, are increasing and developing in a balanced manner.
Capacity-building to facilitate the transformation and upgrading of web sites from corporate planning to fine-tuning operations, effectively enabling local operations. Actively taping into the growth potential of emerging markets, emerging plates and new clients, scaling up operations and achieving incremental development, building on more than 30 level-I operating air ports and more than 390 level-II hubs worldwide.
Promote the extension of the site from the regional centres to key cities and accelerate the layout of the network of small and medium-sized cities around the perimeter to build a more efficient global service network. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.