High performance and continuous improvement in the quality of business - 25-year Quarterly Review of the Central and Central Quality Section Events: 25-year Quarterly Report of the Company, $12.117 billion per year + 2.92 per cent, net return to the mother
The ratio of overseas shares has increased further, and the strategy of globalization has worked well. 25q1 domestic/off-shore operations have achieved income and have been more evenly distributed regionally, covering diverse regions such as Europe, the Middle East, South-East Asia, Africa, Central Asia, South America, South Asia, East Asia, Australasia. 25q1 companies are located in countries such as the United Kingdom, Germany, Korea, Turkey, Indonesia, Peru.
New 30+ web sites, 12 service spare parts warehouses, Hungarian factories, German factories, phase II projects, with a capacity of nearly $10 billion in Europe. By the end of q1, the company had over 430 global web sites □ lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Over 220 spare parts warehouses, with approximately 7,300 overseas employees, of whom approximately 4,600 are local staff. Sales in the traditional main business have grown faster than expected, and new business has continued to expand.
At the same time, the company's 25q1 concrete machinery has grown. At the start of the business, the company's booms have grown steadily.
11 new items were launched overseas, with an increase of about 60% over the same year; close to 40 developers on excavator sales, □ pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn built nearly 300 marketing outlets.
In the field of mines, the company has the “daving-card” combination and end-to-end advantage, and has achieved the industry’s top priority.
Foreign sales of 100-tonne-grade electric-powered dump trucks are moving rapidly towards the global market for high-end mines. Cash flows have increased significantly, with high-quality operations. 25q1 company sales fees/management/research and development (R & D)/financial costs Higher sales rates, mainly due to the fact that global production and marketing point layouts are still at the input stage, R & D costs
The increase is mainly due to increased investment in new business research and development. 25q1 companies have achieved an operating cash flow of $740 billion, leaving open access of $44,537 million/---- $6,360 million below the pressure.
Continuous improvement is needed, with the ratio of sales/exports in excavators to +38.3 per cent/+5.5 per cent in January/March and 130.95 in April/cmi. The success of China-China globalization has been remarkable, traditional masterships have been over-expected, and new business has continued to expand and is expected to follow 1.[Galaxine] Mechanics and Equipment in _2025 Strategy Report]
: Focus on domestic demand + future industries, and look after robots and engineering machines.
3. [Galaxy] Company Review _ Central Quest _ Overseas Operations and Second Growth Curves Resonance, with High Scores I promised to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.