Kyothai Junan (601211): Brokering, investment, pressure, performance rating for the 2022 3nd Quarterly.
The company is a long-term, sustained, full-fledged and leading financial service provider in China’s securities industry.
Since the beginning of the year, capital market volatility has suppressed company performance, and the investment business has become the best.
Clients provide a wide range of financial services and establish a full range of internal and external factors, such as multi-manufacturing, and the Fed's interest rate hikes. The equity market fluctuated significantly in the last three quarters, leading the corporate sector.
Performance has had a significant negative impact, with the growth of business lines except for business ventures, with different degrees of growth.
Slow, in particular, the high base of equity revaluation in Shanghai in the first quarter of 2021, which resulted in investment receipts and leaders in science, technology and innovation in the Chinese securities sector during the reporting period. The same ratio was significantly lower, with net income from self-employment during the reporting period (investment returns + fair value change gains)
In addition to the 47.7 per cent decline in the same year, the net revenue from brokering operations decreased by 17.6 per cent, and the recovery of credit impairment losses effectively smoothed off performance fluctuations, in response to market fluctuations and fee rates, the company continued to accelerate its institutional and derivative operations.
Inputs and internationalization. Corporate business has been the dominant business and long-term strategic development direction of the company. As wealth management has evolved in recent years, the synergy of wealth management, asset management and institutional operations has evolved, the vehicle has become one of the key instruments of investment-type operations to complement the volatility of peace and investment, and it is public.
In addition, the firm acted as the first “outward b/h” (millions)
One of the domestic securities dealers in the Sea has performed well overseas for nearly 30 years, but there is still a gap between the Sino-China and Chinese-Kinghai business poles, with limited overseas deployments becoming a constraint. The acceleration of internationalization is expected to result in the development of the Great Bay of Australia and the South-East Asian economic zone in the port of Etogun and the development of corporate international operations.
On October 8, the CSRC approved that the company would buy 8% of the assets of the CSF for $12 million, marking the close completion of the acquisition. The share-holding share of the CSF will increase to 51% when it is ready to do so, thereby making it a holding position.
In the context of the transformation of wealth management and the embrace of the Fund's development era, the company's renewed ownership of the Chinese Anki gold is expected to accelerate the development of its wealth management business in a strong union with the HFA, with a much higher return on equity investment. As one of the 10 old CPFs, the HWF is rich.
Rich fund management experience and a large pool of fund investors are expected to provide companies with useful foundational management experience and a high-quality pool of easy-to-mobility customers, which is an effective way to channel low-cost flows across the company ' s entire business chain, enabling companies to make breakthroughs, real gains, in areas such as the marketing of financial products, fund clients, securities management, etc.
“From making money of scale to earning management money”, the wealth management business “from trading commissions to investing in income” s14801905001, as a front-runner in the industry, has long given the market the impression that it is “beautiful and inflexible”.
The company has been rated aa for 15 years, but the lack of flash points for its operations has also made it more like a defensive shield, and there are differences in the perception of the securities industry’s spears in the market, resulting in long-term pressure on valuations. Since 2020, companies have been pushing for reforms at the operational level, and marketization has increased significantly.
Pay adjustment and equity incentives stimulate the enthusiasm of employees. In the context of wealth management, asset management, the “double punch” of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, innovative business such as derivatives has also been stymied by corporate resources, and international business development has been on the rise.
In addition, the holding fund is expected to open the door to a new breakthrough in corporate performance that will help to accelerate the development process in large wealth management operations and promote a two-fold increase in city occupancy and performance. We have a firm view of the prospects for continuous corporate reform and innovation. The company ' s net return profits are expected to be 2022-2024, respectively.
KATHAYA (601211): Brokering, investment under pressure, investment in a unique, rich and resourceful source of the East, rich and resourceful source of the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (601211): Brokering, investment under pressure, and a special performance by Liu Jiayuan.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.