In the first quarter of 2017, Maotai, Guizhou, forecasted income of RMB 12.85 billion, an increase of 25.4 per cent in the same year, and net profit of RMB 5.67 billion, an increase of 15.9 per cent in the same year.
We believe that this is a result of the record advance in the fourth quarter of 2016, which is gradually recognized as income by the average of the consumer goods industry in Asia and the Pacific. In addition, we believe that strong income growth reflects an improvement in packaging capacity.
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the information disclosure section of this report on the addition of a packaging production line in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the increase in the average price of products (as a result of the product structure report).
Net profits grew at a lower rate than income, owing to a low consumer tax rate of 8.5% in the first quarter of 2016, and now to (2) a small drop in prices to around RMB 1,150 per bottle after the spring season. Post-spring deliveries have only led to a limited drop in prices, reflecting strong demand.
(3) In 2016, the production of 39,000 tons of Maurtai alcohol returned to its previous high point and increased by 21 per cent compared to the previous period. The recovery in high-end markets was slower than expected; consumption taxes were raised.
For information, see the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
The person who contributed to this report, Liao-Yu-Yu, cfa, Liao-Yu-Yu, cfa, hereby states that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, nor will it be.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using several methods combined to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area of research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital rates of return and net asset rates of return. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation rates, such as market rates, dividends rates of return, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates based on a 12-month history.
Volatility calculations are adjusted for dividends. Quantum quanttum is a highly proprietary database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommend proposals. The gssustain list of concerns covers industry-led enterprises that we believe have a continuing competitive advantage over their global counterparts and an excellent return of capital, and therefore are expected to perform well in the long term. Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns of cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (corporate management).
Cafa: a-shareconsumerdurables, a share of the media, a share of food beverages, and Chinese consumer goods.a-shareconsumerdurables: Glyceries, American Group, Qingdao Haile.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guozhou Maotai, Jinzhou old cellar, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi Liquor, Qingji Island Beer (a) and Five Grain fluids.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Entertain, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Province Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Mingju, Science and Technology, Mandarlin House Line, Hua Xiao Xiao.
China’s consumer goods: Ying Yuan, Light milk industry, modern livestock industry, Huayun entrepreneurship, Monx milk industry, Master Kang’s holdings, Qingjia beer (h), Unified Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli’s shares. Corporate-related statutory disclosures.
Goldman Sachs has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Maotai, Guizhou (rmb 358.74), Company rating, research industry and rating and related definitions, managing the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Commission.
The size or likelihood of realizing returns is based primarily on the investment proposal, which is indicated in each study that has been added to the list of investments or reiterated in the list of investments, which is below the historical basis of the scope of the study and/or valuation.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions for the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, previously made, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is irrelevant and therefore is not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.