Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal industry with high gold prices q2 at record high, gold in the gold mine (600489.sh)
Assets injected into the potential for renewal, production released, gold prices increased, helping companies q2 out of record q2 performance. During the reporting period, the Fed was exposed.
With the deceleration of the rate of interest, the price of gold has shifted from a weak to a strong one, with the average domestic gold spot price for the first half of 2023 being 16.35 per cent, 2.78 per cent, 3.48 per cent, 23.96 per cent. With the exception of the fall in mineral and gold production from Hebei mine, which was halted at the beginning of the year, the rest of the major metal products grew over the same period last year.
Production of 5.06 tons of mineral gold, 10.47 tons of smelting gold and 21,400 tons of mineral copper, respectively, 23.42 per cent, 4.45 per cent, 7.77 per cent ring growth; sale of 4.88 tons of mineral gold, 10.34 tons of smelting gold, M&As and increased deposits of prospecting to enhance resource security and restore company growth during the reporting period.
The company acquired 39% shares in Mongolian gold pot, 100% shares in Länder gold and claims, and 90% shares in West and Mining. Inner Mongolia gold pottery projects were made in gold mines, and Länder owned the Sant’Atari gold mines in Länder, which were built in super-large gold mines with a stock of 372.06 tons of gold resources.
Inner companies are actively involved in a new round of national mining break-through strategies to increase investments in prospecting in tons. By the end of the reporting period, the company had reached 891 tons of gold and metal. By acquiring quality gold, mine assets and increased deposits from prospecting, the company had enhanced its resource security capacity and raised its future gold.
Investment proposals: The Fed is at the end of the increase in interest rates, and gold prices are expected to enter a new cycle of mid-term rises. The rise in gold prices will release the company’s gold plate performance, a new round of state reform, an acceleration, and high-quality gold-mining assets of major shareholders will continue to be injected into reshaping corporate growth, China’s characteristics.
In 2021, I joined the Galaxy Securities Institute to conduct research in the non-ferrous sector. I promised to present this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.