Middle Gold (600489.sh) – In mid-2023, it was reported that the copper molten smelt was growing in many ways, with a record high commodity price performance in one season and a record high performance in one season. In the first half of the year, the company sold 8.65 tons of mineral gold.
Non-ferrous and precious metals. In the second quarter of the quarter, the company completed the sale of 4.88 tons of mineral gold, an increase of 29.26 per cent over the first quarter; the minerals benefited the price of molybdenum, resulting in a significant increase in net profits from mining in Mongolia.
Inner Mongolia mining uses a very large open-air mining model, technology.
The production of copper molybdenum, which has been stable in recent years, reached 6.2 million tons in 2022, with a net profit of 1,216 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 37.48% over the same period.
In May 2023, the company announced its intention to acquire 100% of the stockholders' gold and the gold group's claims to the Länder gold, with a total transaction price of RMB 4,860 million: the share was cut in July 2023.
Equity, Lei State's gold deposit holds the right to mine the Sarling gold. The Sarling gold mine is in the Gudong region, which is dominated by a scaffolding belt, containing 13,1135 million tons of ore, 372.06 tons of gold and metal, with an average grade of 2.77 g/t. The Sarling gold mining project is the focus of the Group's 14th Five-Year Project.
First, the project is designed to produce 10 tons per year, and the company’s gold production will increase significantly once the project is completed.
In the first half of the year, the rates were 0.12, 2.72 and 0.49 per cent respectively.
Investment proposals: Corporate ownership is sound, gold, copper, molybdenum, and smelting are diversified. We maintain the commodity price profile and record record highs in the single season. In the first half of the year, the company produced 9.16 tons of mineral gold, down 7.10% from the same year, 4.14 million tons of copper from mines, up 3.48% from the same year, and 8.65 tons from the same year.
The company’s operations include mines and smelting, with gold as its core product, and other products such as copper, molybdenum, silver and sulphuric acid.
Mergers and acquisitions of companies, with a lower share of operating income from corporate gold products, have shifted from a single business to a single business, with multiple business returns guaranteeing the company ' s potential for future development, weakening the volatility of the single product market, and improving overall performance. Inner Mongolia ' s mining industry uses a very large open-air mining model, and technological processes and equipment are advanced.
In recent years, the production of copper molybdenum has stabilized at 6.2 million tons in 2022 and 6156 tons in 2022. For copper, molten molten prices, the mining performance of Inner Mongolia has continued to rise, resulting in net profits of 1,216 million yuan in the first half of 2023, an increase of 37.48 per cent.
Construction and production of the first phase of the project, including the station construction project, the belt gallery and the trans-shipment station, is under way and a receipt and inspection phase of the project is being organized; the construction of the new dump site is proceeding in an orderly manner.
Figure 6: Net profits from mining in Inner Mongolia (billion yuan, per cent)
In July 2023, the shares were ceded. Länder held 44% of Länder ' s remittance and Länder ' s gold held the right to mine the sarling gold. The Sälin gold mine is located in a sarcophagus zone in the Gudong region, with the main mineral and gold reserves containing 13,111.35 million tons of ore, and gold and metal, 37,2.06 tons, with an average grade of 2.77 g/t.
The Saaring gold-mining project is one of the Group's “14th Five” priorities, with an annual project design capacity of 10 tons, and the company's gold production will increase significantly once the project is completed. Deepening state-owned reforms will result in lower cost rates.
In the first half of the year, the company’s gold masters operated well and formed gold, copper, molybdenum, smelting and smelting through the acquisition of group assets.
In the future, with the injection of high-quality assets and the exploitation of available resources, the authors of the company's mineral gold ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.