The performance has increased significantly over the same period, with the Saaring gold being injected into the growth of the enabling company \triangleright h1 mine copper sales, which have increased significantly and the Māori rate has remained stable.
\triangleright gold/metallurgical/refining yields of 9.16/20.50/32.19 tons, respectively, compared to the impact of regional security incidents, which have resulted in some business policy shutdowns.
Qiuzu, Zhang Jian, effective cost efficiency and significant growth in operating cash flows. 2023h1 company sales/management/research and development
\triangleright 74.9 million yuan, which represents a decrease in the cost rate for the same period. h1 company ' s net operating cash flow was $1,299 million, a significant increase of $1,879 million compared to the previous year, with an asset liability rate of 42.71 per cent, an increase of 0.28 pct compared to the beginning of the year.
In the case of M & A, h1 M & A, gold pottery, \triangleright, etc.
2. China Gold Development Report (600489.sh): In the first half of the year, the company ' s gold resources amounted to 891 tons. For priority projects, Liaoning ' s overall relocation and rehabilitation project was completed on schedule.
The completion of the project was approved on 15 March; the first phase of the deep resource extraction project of Inner Mongolia Mining Corporation was completed and evaluated in the first quarter of the year: high-quality asset enhancement performance, reform of output, and the remainder of the project was implemented in a phased manner, yielding cumulative gains of RMB 32.61 million.
The purchase-stocking gold group holds 100% of the stockholdings and claims of Lé County gold, with 372 tons of capital on its flag. Saaring is currently under construction and can be expected to be completed in June 2025. The project is expected to produce 11 tons in the first postpartum period, and about 6.6 tons in the later years.
Injecting gold can significantly boost the company’s resource reserves and capacity, enabling it to grow over the long term. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the Fed’s interest-added cycle is approaching the end of the US economy, and US \triangleright \triangleright \
The country’s monetary policy will gradually enter the interest-reduction cycle, multiplying the methodological and analytical logic of the rising gold prices of the global central banks in the current round, leading to conclusions that are independent, objective and accountable for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.