Performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022: q3 overperformance, expected, long-crystal device taps continued platform configuration, research assistant Liu Xiao Xu
# Second curve
Substream silicon mills continue to expand & technologically, with the main monocrystal furnaces benefiting fully: (1) domestic and foreign silicon mills are actively expanding: while in the context of the rise in traditional energy prices, overseas photovoltaic enterprises are promoting home-grown energy, domestic light-voltage firms are also accelerating overseas integration in response to trade frictions.
With capacity-building, the advantages of global sales by national producers of equipment are evident; on the other hand, silicon prices are high, silicon plants are more profitable and more productive, and future price declines for silicon are expected to accelerate.
The biggest highlight of the electrical rollout of the fifth generation of new monocrystal furnaces is a change in the traditional model of closed control systems, with a user-programmable software definition platform based on open architecture that helps clients to compete differently. We believe that photovoltaic products are of high quality, compared to semiconductors, light.
The effect of the more urgent and technological innovations that can achieve mitigation efficiency is more evident, and the technology will benefit fully from the operator of the equipment.  Accelerating the platform layout, semiconductor equipment & consumables are expected to be rapidly released: (1) semiconductor equipment:
Semiconductor equipment orders are characterized by a small number of single-body orders, but they are won by a larger number of items of equipment, including angles and thinners, as a result of long crystals, cuttings, collapses.
Report point: Performance bias forecast caps, long crystals, straight loops, long-term stabilization of orders; company semiconductor equipment in hand as of the end of 2022q2
2.2 billion yuan, with a high degree of certainty about the goal of completing the order of 3 billion. (2) Expensive materials: a. : Jing Sheng is the oldest semiconductor in the morning, 60 per cent + in the domestic city, and later in the photovoltaic area, Ningxia Base plans to produce 160,000 in three, 48,000 in one, three in two,
Transistor Power (300316): In planning for the Indian season; b. Golden Kong Line: arctic growth and processing of adani2gw monochrystals to improve the reliability of cutter products
It is expected that the construction of the plant will be completed by the end of 2022 and will be phased out in 2023.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals power, the second curve is the semi-conductor large silicon device release, and the third curve is the full release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials. We expect the company to have a net return profit of 28.14/37.22/4647 million in 2022-2024.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board