Equipment was the main line, materials were developed in tandem, and the company reported a three-quarterly upturn in its performance.
During the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved operating income of $7,463 million, an increase of 86.96 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return to the mother of $2,009 million, an increase of 80.92 per cent over the same period, of which non-net profit of $1,909 million was deducted, an increase of 81.54 per cent over the same period. The company ' s Māori rate was 40.09 per cent, an increase of 1.91 pt over the same period; net interest rate
In August, when the company developed a fast-track for the development of 8 inches of carbonated silicon crystals, the carbonated silicon head, Ansomy, announced that its factory in Hudson, New Hampshire, in the United States, had been made operational and that it had increased the capacity of carbonated silicon crystals by five times as much as it had done by the end of 2022.
Early in the month, another carbonated silicon company, Wolffspeed, announced the establishment of a billion-dollar new silicon-carbon plant in North Carolina, United States. Previously, Wolfspeed also built the world’s first 8 inches of silicon-carbonized plant in New York State, with a total investment of $5 billion, which is expected to boost its total capacity by 13 times.
The active expansion of the sic leading companies, such as Wolfspeed, demonstrates its continued interest in industry development, with carbon and silicon-carbide cadets rising gradually. The company started silicon-carbonization operations in 2017, with long crystals and processing test lines in 2020.
The main equipment developed is silicon-carbide crystals, core processing equipment, and extension equipment. At present, the Monu Yuan Division has successfully developed 8 inches of crystals and not only has it been able to address 8 inches of crystal growth.
Dom Bowie, in the course of the process, there are problems with the inequity of the temperature, the cracking of crystals, the distribution of gas-phase raw materials, and the problem of the disproportionately high liner ratio in the cost of the sic device, which will help to reduce the subsequent industrialization of the large-scale carbonated silicon line.
Ruzheng Yu, a photovoltaic, semiconductor support material industry, is expected to grow rapidly, and according to cpia data, the number of new photovolts installed worldwide reached 170gw in 2021.
Newly high. In the future, driven by favourable factors such as the continuing decline in photovoltaic costs and the global green recovery, the number of new photovoltaics installed globally in 2025 is expected to reach 300gw. A significant expansion of silicon production will increase the demand for quartz and drive consumption.
Focusing on the market demand for key parts and core consumables for semiconductor and photovoltaic equipment, the company has established a product system dominated by high-purified stone, gold, semiconductor valves, tubes, and magnetic fluids. In 2021, the company created a new production base at the Silvergawa layout in Ningxia, producing 28-42 inches of platinum of different sizes.
Production and manufacture, with 48,000 large-scale quartz-pollium projects in May 2022. Based on the price of 6300-8,000 macaroni per year, 160,000 quartz-pollium are expected to generate an additional $10.08-1280 million per year.
Micro-consultative data show that the global demand for 12 inches of silicon is currently around 7.5 million metres/month, and the global capacity is about 7 million pieces/month, with a capacity gap. 12 inches of silicon demand will grow at an average annual compound rate of 8.3 per cent, the overall demand will exceed the supply capacity of core equipment such as single-inch crystals, polishers, etc., in 2025, and the technical level of the product has reached an internationally advanced level. q3 was not completed in 2022.
Physical equipment contracts amount to $2.460 billion, an increase of $260 million over the 2022 h1. Semiconductor equipment is expected to benefit from the expansion of large-scale silicon tablets, high demand for light-voltage downstream loading machines, and a good company photovoltaic equipment operation. On 24 October, the National Energy Agency released national electricity industry statistics for the period January-September, with a cumulative addition of light-voltage units in the country up to the end of September.
52.6gw, of which approximately 8.13gw was added in September, is one month high in the second half of the year. According to cpia data, additional photovoltaics are expected to reach around 100gw in the whole of 2022, and four quarters are expected to be a traditional high season for photovoltaics, with high levels expected in the fourth quarter.
After the macroeconomic downturn, market demand has fallen, prices of raw materials have fluctuated significantly, and there is a risk of policy change in the photovoltaic sector. Namely, the team has a deeper industrial pool of resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the transformational upgrading of Chinese manufacturing.
To explore the direction of the development of strategic and emerging industries, to provide comprehensive services to the first tier of the market, to expand the depth and breadth of the integration, and to create value for the market. It will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in the present report. This report is not intended to cause China Securities Limited and its associated companies to violate local laws or regulations or to cause the exposure of Chinese securities to Chinese securities for any purpose or for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using the present report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.