Tri-quarterly report: semiconductor code, crystallizer power (300316.sz) single-high growth, and material plates continue to break through.
Incidents: On 24 October, the company released its three-quarter 2022 report. The company achieved high profitability in the first three quarters, orders continued to increase, and the cost rate was well controlled during the period. In keeping with industry trends that accelerated the nationalization of semiconductor equipment, the company actively developed innovations in the photovoltage industry chain.
Sex equipment collection, 2022q3, $3.093 billion compared to the previous three quarters of the Māori rate of 40.1 per cent, net interest rate +34 per cent, of which $2.46 billion (including taxes) in semiconductor equipment contracts was not completed, compared to +239 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year, and the stock of equipment orders was expected to support the company’s continued high-speed development.
Diversified product layout, semiconductor equipment orders increased by more than expected. By the end of 20223, company semiconductor orders amounted to $2.46 billion (including taxes), and as company semiconductor equipment was certified, formed and sold downstream, the company ' s goal was to achieve semiconductor equipment and services in 2022.
Newly signed orders of more than $3 billion (including taxes). The company has diversified product layouts, expanded long crystals, prepared operations, and now has almost 8 inches of equipment covered, 12 inches of crystals, slices, grinding, throwing, etc. in the corporate semiconductor area of silicon.
Equipment, such as light, has also been sold in bulk, the product has reached internationally advanced levels, and it is expected that the next 3 billion new orders will come mainly from large silicon plates.In the end, with the exception of the unfinished semiconductor equipment contract, the company has not completed the equipment contract for a total of $21.34 billion.
It is expected that downstream silicon mills will continue to expand actively and will contribute to the growing demand for corporate monocrystal equipment.
At the time, the company continued to innovate in the field of photovoltaic equipment in order to enhance competitiveness: (i) to adapt to silicon technology, the company introduced a fifth generation of new monocrystal stoves (expected to be marketed next year); (ii) the company is at the forefront of the industry and is expected to expand its production capacity next year; (iii)
Companies competed for technology differentiation in the area of the Golden Line, which led to a breakthrough. The material sector continued to break, with a projected future share of 40-50 per cent. (i) For silicon carbonated materials, the company has produced a leading 8-inch carbonated silicon crystal, and the company is now organized.
Construction of a six-eight-inch long crystal heat plant and equipment, and construction of a medium-test line of raw materials synthesis + long crystal + grinding and cutting + 40.000 annual conductors above 6 inches + are planned for 2022 at Ningxia Silvergawa.
The boxing product has been steadily developing, and the new track is still insulated with insulated carbonated silicon liner capacity. (ii) With regard to sapphire materials, the company has grown 700 kg-grade sapphire crystals to produce 300 kg-grade and above sapphire crystals.
With a quarterly increase in material Maori, the company will boost the capacity of its subsidiary, Ningxia Changsheng, and will continue to strengthen its size advantage, with sapphire material production expected to double by 2023. (iii) With respect to complementary materials, the company is expected to grow faster than the sapphire in the future, while the gold line will grow faster.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, 7 years of work in securities, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, Harbin Industrial University, 2018.