Strongly recommended (maintain) crystal-singer power (300316.sz): Long-crystal equipment doubles in growth, and stony operations start
Company q3 purchase orders for additional equipment exceeded $3.8 billion. As of 2022q3, the company was still in the process of entering into equipment orders of $23.79 billion (of which semiconductor equipment orders of $2.46 billion), q3 quarterly new additional equipment orders were measured at over $3.8 billion, and stock and contract liabilities continued to grow at the same time.
In the area of photovoltaic equipment, downstream expansion is continuing, and companies are actively engaged in new product rotations.
The downstream silicon chain is in high demand for large-scale production, the battery chain is in need of efficiency enhancement, and there are further demands for high-quality silicon production, and the company will continue to benefit as the leader of a photovoltaic long crystal device. At the same time, the company will launch its fifth generation of open platform-based bills in 2023.
In addition to the long-crystal link, the company is also strategically working with downstream customers to provide downstream distribution of battery equipment, which is expected to be extended to the market in the future.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company speeded up the market validation and promotion of its products and achieved a high rate of growth in the q3-half-conductor long-crystal equipment. The company focused on a semiconductor 8- and 12-inch large-size silicon device, which, in addition to long-crystal equipment, continued to operate in semiconductor slices, polishing, silicon expanses, carbonated silicon.
Research and development of core equipment, e.g., cvd. [electronic] crystallizer power (300316.sz): in the field of new materials of equipment, the company ' s core platinum and diamond wires are expected to start at the beginning.
We're going to have a much more optimistic growth next year, and we're going to be looking at carbon silicon in 2023, and we're going to be looking forward to joining the country's first line of carbon silicon suppliers.
The company's equipment and materials are growing thinner. On the equipment, the vanity of the optical crystal business continues to be stifled, with breakthroughs in the semiconductor long crystals field; On the new materials, the company promotes core consumption such as stone and gold wires through a good customer base.
Downstream demand has fallen short of expectations, industry patterns have deteriorated, and business on new materials has fallen short of expectations. Dollars (of which semiconductor equipment orders, $2.46 billion) are estimated to be more than $3.8 billion for the q3 quarter.
The company’s capacity is currently fully operational, and new capacity is being built and opened, and the continued growth of corporate orders supports and guarantees continued high growth over the next few years. Chart 1. Corporate revenue ratio (billions)
Figure 2. Corporate unfinished orders (millions of yuan) Corporate fixed assets continue to grow steadily The company ' s Māori ratio has stabilized at around 40 per cent, while the cost side continues to increase R & D inputs, with R & D costs amounting to R & D costs of $236 million (R & D fees)
The sales and management costs have remained stable in the single quarter, with a similar/ring-up of 1.8/0.7 points; the net interest rate of the company q3 has fallen slightly under the impact of R & D costs, but the net profits of the same quarter have increased at a high rate of 66 per cent of the same year.
▪ R & D costs (millions of yuan) R & D rates (right) In the field of photovoltaic equipment, downstream expansion is continuing, and companies are actively engaged in new product rotations.
At the same time, in 2023, the company will launch a fifth generation of single-crystal furnaces based on open platform structures, which will change the traditional closed-control system model, give software development rights to clients, closely match client needs, and provide new solutions to customer differentiation competition.
In addition to the long-crystal link, the company has also worked strategically with downstream customers to provide downstream distribution of battery equipment. In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company continues to benefit from a large national production silicon extension cycle, keeping in mind the accelerated trend of national production of semiconductor equipment, accelerating market validation and promotion of products, and achieving a high rate of growth in the O3 semiconductor long-crystal equipment.
In addition to crystallized equipment, the company also continues to operate in core equipment such as semiconductor slices, polishing, silicon extensions, carbonated silicon expanses, cvd, etc. In the area of new materials, the company’s core platinum and wire lines are starting to grow, actively pushing forward the delivery and receipt of hand orders.
The next year is expected to see more optimistic growth; the carbon silicon material chain, where the company is currently at the test line level at the bottom of the carbon silicon line, with 6 inches of carbon silicon lined, has been validated by some downstream clients and has successfully grown the industry's leading 8 inches of carbon silicon crystals, and we expect the company to be able to join the first line of carbon silicon suppliers in the country in 2023.
The company's equipment and materials are growing more and more clearly. On equipment, the vanity of the optical crystal business continues to be stifled, while in the semiconductor long crystals field there has been a breakthrough, and in the expansion of the core equipment of the photovoltaic and semiconductor, the potential for revenue realization is being seen: on new materials, the company, through a good customer base, promotes the sale of core waste materials such as stone, gold wire and silicon carbonated materials.
Research and development and certification are also progressing steadily. Downstream demand is less than expected: silicon links are currently in a competitive expansion phase, and a large excess capacity in the short term, with producers stopping in the short term, may affect the realization of firm orders, and hence corporate performance.
Industry patterns have deteriorated: if photovoltaic equipment manufacturers move toward integrated equipment layouts, diversified customer outreach, and firm collaboration with downstream customers may have some impact on intensity and industry share. New materials are not doing as well as expected: silicon carbonide climbs are not progressing as expected, diamond line R&D progress and production capacity is not being built as expected.