2022q3 Performance over-expected, equipment bright corporate events: corporate performance forecast for the third quarter of 2022: 1) net return to the mother during the first three quarters \triangleright
The company’s two-engine sustainable development strategy is based on advanced materials and equipment.
Active implementation of business plans to speed up market validation and promotion of semiconductor equipment by keeping pace with industry trends that have accelerated the process of nationalization of semiconductor equipment, with a rapid increase in the order volume of company semiconductor equipment; and, at the same time, the development of photovoltaic innovative equipment to further improve the quality of technical services and speed up the promotion of stone and gold lines
At the same time, the company is actively promoting the delivery and inspection of hand orders and achieving business performance on a par with rapid semiconductor equipment: orders continue to grow higher and the product layout is more diversified.
Ongamin, for the growth and processing of semiconductor crystals, belongs to the silicon-manufacturing chain equipment, while at the same time in part of the process (s010522080004).
In the area of semiconductor 8-12 inches of silicon equipment, the company’s products are almost fully covered with 8-inch equipment in crystals, slices, polishes, cvd, etc., 12-inch crystals, slices, grinding, polishing, etc.
The quality of the product has reached an internationally advanced level. By the end of 2022h1, corporate semiconductor equipment orders had increased continuously, with $2.2 billion in semiconductor equipment contracts (including taxes) not completed, an increase of 242 per cent over the same period.
Photovoltaic equipment: 1) Re-engineering of photovoltaic innovative equipment: the company's high-quality large-scale quartz \triangleright business plate is staggered by 2022/04/28
The model and technology levels are industry leaders, with a higher market share in semiconductor and photovoltaic areas; 2. The crystal-spill power (300316.sz) performance report 2021.
Quantified performance: q4 with high performance, semiconductor equipment plus silicon carbide, maintenance of high temperature, and high demand for monocrystals. Sustained growth in light-voltage machines has led to continued expansion of silicon producers, and accelerated layout of materials - 2022/03/09
3. "Machine" crystals (300316) 2021, with large sizes and thinly slender advanced capacity expansion, also drive some of the demand for stock capacity replacement.
Under the advantage of silicon reduction efficiency gains, downstream silicon enterprises will continue to stimulate advanced capacity expansion in scale-up competition and will continue to raise demand by 2021/11/01, with high growth and high technology overlaps in the company's photovoltaic equipment industry. As of the end of 2022h1, divided by half
4. The company ' s uncompleted equipment, in addition to the company ' s 2021 shipment equipment contract (300316), totalled $20,840 million (including taxes), an 82 per cent increase over the same period.
Investment proposal: The company's new signature of 2022h1 single-crystal is over-expected, and we're up against the performance forecast.
\triangleright Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements The methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.