2022q3 over-expected performance, equipment performance Events: companies issued three-quarter performance reports in 2022, 1) collected 7,463 million yuan, billion yuan, yoy+81.54 per cent in the first three quarters. 2) raised 3,093 million yuan, yoy+81.52 per cent in the third quarter alone.
Semiconductor equipment: orders continue to grow at a high rate, with more diversified product layouts. The company is actively pursuing business plans around the two-engine sustainable development strategy of "Advanced Materials, \triangleright Advanced Equipment".
The equipment produced by the company is mainly used for the growth and processing of semiconductor crystals, which are part of the silicon manufacturing chain equipment, while at the same time, in some sectors, the art fabric runs to the chip manufacturing and encapsulation ends, and the product layout expands backwards.
In the area of large silicone equipment, the company's products are basically real in crystals, slices, polishes, cvd, all 8 inches of equipment, 12 inches of crystals, slices, grinding, polishing, etc.
At the end of 2022q3, the company's semiconductor equipment orders continued to grow by $2.46 billion (including taxes), an increase of 239 per cent.
(a) The model and technology levels of s01052209007 are industry leaders, with a higher market share in semiconductor and photovoltaic areas;
The continued growth of photovoltaic machines has led to the continued expansion of silicon producers, and large and thinly slender advanced capacity expansion has also led to the replacement of some stock capacity. At the same time, under the advantage of large-scale silicone mitigation efficiency, downstream silicon firms will continue to stimulate the expansion of advanced production capacity in the context of scale-up competition.
Three quarters of 2022 reporting: 2022 q3 performance over-expected, equipment performance demand, high growth and high-tech iterative properties of the company ' s photovoltaic equipment industry. As of the end of 2022 q3 divided by half
Silicon Carbon: Test line products have been certified by some downstream customers. In the case of silicon carbonated materials, companies report a 22-year quarterly evaluation: performance is as expected, many of the eight-inch carbonated silicon crystals that have successfully grown out of industry, and six-inch carbonated silicon crystals have been built.
Business plate full power - 2022/04/28 3. Crystal Power Express (300316.sz) 2021 Research and Development Experimental Lines for Slicing, Slicing, Experimental Lines that have been validated by some downstream clients and will be held by the company
q4 high performance innovation, semiconductor equipment + silicon carbide enhancement of technological innovation and process accumulation to achieve self-accelerating material layout for large-scale carbonated silicon crystal growth and processing technology - 2022/03/09
4. Investment proposal: the company's new signature of 2022q3 single-crystals is above expectations, we're up against performance expectations, we're upsetting expectations, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time, we're running out of time.
Q3 performance is growing rapidly and profitability is high. Q3 performance is high. Q3 performance is high. Q3 performance is high. Q3 is high.
33 times, 26 times and 20 times, respectively, maintaining the “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.