Health care pharmaceuticals, biosciences and life sciences perform better than expected, and the logic of medium- and long-term growth is clear Events: q1 achieves a net return profit by issuing corporate performance forecasts for the first quarter of 2021
From the perspective of listed companies, the net profits of 19q1, 2001 are $514 million, 573 million, and 21q1 takes into account the profits of a small number of shareholders in median terms (primarily 100 grams of biology, relatively few Chinese medicine industry, with 100 grams of hydropoxed live vaccines.
The net profit is expected to be about 910 million yuan, corresponding to the impact of the 19q1 compound increase, so we think that the net profit performance of 2101 is over-expected. Moreover, based on grass-roots research data, the recovery of new infections is expected to be good in the first quarter of the 21st year, with the prospect of a year-on-year increase in the same rate as in the next quarter.
More than 50 per cent, taking into account long-activities and water-based needle substitution, as well as the increase in drug use over time, the increase in sales of growth hormones to the algebra is expected to be higher than expected.
In the context of our rolling model calculations, assuming a relatively robust growth rate for 22 years, considering the downside sales reform, taking into account the cycle of study by doctors on growth hormone supplementation, Changchun High and New (000661) "Profits are slightly higher than expected."
It is expected that the downfall of 22 years will initially reflect the effect of the reforms, with a higher number of prescription physicians, a better growth hormone track, long-term improvement.
–2021/01/05 with penetration and drug stickyness.
Hormonal deficiency has entered clinical stage 11, based on the size and dominance of the adult growth hormone market in the United States.
Long-term growth hormone penetration is clear. Long-term growth hormone treatment penetration is still only 10-12% of the previous stock market penetration. For growth hormone supplementation markets, high barriers to marketing, high fees for doctors’ training, and high conversion costs constitute core industry barriers.
Kinsey, as a leading company, has an absolute advantage in terms of product quality, doctoral education, entry firms and biotech have multiple barriers to forming teams, tendering and selling, and 70% of the city is in a stable position.
Performance is over-expected, medium- and long-term growth logic is clear, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. A company that is a domestic growth hormone leader, with a unique vaccine business and is about to be listed independently, is a scarce “consumption-up” whitehorse enterprise.
Risks, the risk of increased competition for growth hormones or vaccines.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.