Quarterly review 2021: 21q1 performance exceeded expectations and projected for the entire year  Events: The company issued a circular for the first quarter of 2021 to realize a net return profit of $840-895 million, mainly due to the rapid growth of the gold-challenging pharmaceutical industry, and based on a root-line study, we estimate that 2021q1 lives
And in 2020, some of the patients affected by the epidemic joined the group in 2021, and we believe that growth hormone operations in the 2021 gold race are expected to return to high growth levels, both in terms of new infections and in terms of pure sales. Moreover, at the demand side, growth hormones are now in place.
The country is still in a low state of knowledge and treatment, and the market outlook remains enormous, and in the medium and long term, the company ' s downfall profile in 2020 will help it to build a better distribution network that will provide a better basis for future growth hormones.
▪ Growth hormone market space is still huge, and new product volumes are expected: 1) Growth hormones: We estimate the size of the domestic growth hormone market to be more than 6 billion yuan by 2020, and given the size of the country's population and the low penetration rate, it is still in a state of outbreak, with companies growing for the country.
1 Long Springs High (000661: Kimsai's annual growth hormones are returning to high growth, taking into account future growth hormones in adult adaptive conditions 20q4 slightly over-expected by the pharmaceutical industry, growth intensity
We believe that growth hormones are a product that has a high ceiling. 2) Heavy-pound species about to be released: (a) ovarians: new adaptive disorders are approved and are expected to be a billion-volume scale.
Heavy pounds of product; (b) unique nose spray type for influenza vaccine approved, taking into account the impact of the epidemic, we expect to meet expectations that the growth in performance in the second half of the year will have a profit forecast and investment rating: as growth hormones continue to be released, and as 100 grams of bionoses are sprayed
3 Long Springs: The pandemic is growing at a high rate this year, and we have not yet adjusted our performance expectations to maintain the net profits from 2021-2022, i.e., the corporate business as a whole for good 2020-2022.
The company is growing up on the product ladder, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. already has a portfolio investment advisory.