In 2021, the South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) was looking forward to a rapid increase in the performance of pharmaceutical organisms.
Events: Annual report of the company, 2020, yielding operating income of $8.58 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of $3.05 billion for the mother, an increase of 71.6 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2.95 billion for the non-repatriation of the mother, a recovery of higher expectations than for the gold racing pharmaceutical industry, and continued release of growth hormones and ovarians.
Operating income now stands at $5.8 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return profit of $3.05 billion, an increase of 71.6 per cent over the same period. The epidemic slowed growth hormone growth into the second quarter, eased the epidemic, quickly rebounded hormone sales, and the company adjusted its marketing strategy, with four-quarter growth hormones emerging and pure sales coming in.
The company is now moving forward with marketing reforms, raising the scale of the market for growth hormones at the grass-roots level, and it is expected that the grass-roots market will open up new space for growth hormones as marketing reforms move forward. Second-line varieties promote a large market space for ovarians, have good competition patterns, are in a fast-release phase, and are expected to develop with new adaptive conditions.
The 100-gram bio-performance is growing rapidly, and the nose-spraying flu is a cause for expectation. The 100-gram bio-behind income in 2020 and the annual 100-gram bio-poox vaccine batches are growing rapidly, leading to a high rate of growth.
Influenza is the country’s first nostrils vaccine, easily used, easily immunised on a large scale, with significant differences, and is expected to be an effective complement to the four-priced influenza vaccine, with more than 1.5 million cases of nostrils vaccine issued in 2020, and it is expected that the nostrils vaccine will contribute significantly to the company’s performance.
Real estate and middle-market operations have grown steadily and are expected to continue to contribute to steady cash flows. In 2020, high and new properties achieved operating revenues of $730 million, a 23 per cent decline in the same year, and net profits of $140 million, a 41.6 per cent decline in the same year.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry achieved operating income of 580 million yuan, a 0.5 per cent increase, and a net profit of 40 million yuan, a 1.5 per cent decline in the same year. The estate and Chinese medicine business as a whole remained stable, and is expected to contribute to stabilizing current profit forecasts and ratings in the future.
2. Long Spring High New (000661): Introduction of recombinant human ovulation hormone-ctp blending protein injection fluids to assist in the enrichment of reproductive production (2020-12-14)
4. Long Spring High New (000661): Introduction of sulfuric acid sulfon, and further enrichment of assisted reproductive product lines (2020-11-18)
The continued release of core products (2020-10-27) has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.