The Sini Hill evidences are coming from the sky, and they're coming from a medical organism.
Reason for the report: Annual report, high performance, growth hormones and vaccine performance. March 15, 2021.
In 2020, the company achieved 12.84% and 786 million yuan, or 47.15%.
A net profit of 2.760 billion yuan, an increase of 39.66 per cent in the same year, and a high rate of growth hormone growth in core products. The growth hormone penetration rate is low, the market space is huge, the company is a domestic growth hormone leader, the product series is well-defined, well-branded, and will continue to grow.
From recognition to recognition, the growth hormones of the company will continue to grow at a high rate. (2) The 100-gram vaccine company achieved income of 1,433 million yuan, an increase of 43.30 per cent in the same year; the net profit of 409 million yuan, an increase of 133.88 per cent in the same year.
In the first year, 1567,000 copies of the Nose Influenza vaccine were issued. The vaccine was easily used, it was well marketed, and it is expected to continue to be released rapidly. (3) The Chinese medicine industry has achieved its harvest on the 28th floor of ITC at 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
Mid China Sea International Center, 28 West Side of Beijing City, 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The company is actively promoting research and development in science, technology and innovation, increasing research and development, and working to upgrade innovation capacity. The cost of research and development increased by the same year in 2020 by 28.12%: (1) The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is active in the field of paediatric products, with growth and development at its centre.
Adaptives: In anti-cancer products, the gintolill single resistance for malignant neoplasms in the blood system, late-stage malignant physical tumours and lymphoma has been initiated in-country clinical trials and has been approved by the U.S. fda drug pedal test: active extension of technical coverage, including through external cooperation, for the introduction of thallium sulfuric acid.
Projects such as Ryoprorin, Reassembled Human Provagan-ctp Integration of Protein Injection fluids further enhance the company ' s technological reserves in the areas of child health, female health, reproduction and oncology. (2) 100 grams of rabies vaccine (vero cell)-type iiii for humans who use rabies against rabies viruses
The period of clinical trials has been largely completed: the period of clinical trials for the iii phase of the herpes detoxification vaccine product, designed to prevent the use of herpes in old age and the development of neurotic strains, has been completed, and 25,000 cases have been included in the group, followed by an evaluation of the safety, protection effectiveness and immunopermanence of the product;
The co-promotion of the anti-cellular albino vaccine (three units) as a product of the renewal of the existing in-country anti-cellal vaccine has been approved for clinical treatment, and its successful development will result in the upgrading of the country's anti-cellular vaccine, the upgrading of immunization effects, the reduction of adverse effects, and the development of multipolar vaccines for companies in the future.
The company has continued to invest in the core areas of medicine, the Kinsai pharmaceutical growth hormone production base project, the 100-gram bio-vaccine production base project, the Wa Quan Pharmacy industrial park construction project, the Kemes Chemical base project, and the Anwar Heights new antibody base project.
The production base of several international chemicals projects has been designed, built, and provided guarantees for companies to do a great deal of work in the biopharmaceutical industry. The domestic growth hormone market is vast, competitive, and the industry is still developing at a fast pace.
During this period, the company maintained its rapid growth as a leading company. The continued release of the phoenix vaccine, the good performance of the vaccine when it was put on the market, created a new profit growth point for the company. The company is expected to have 2021-2023 drug safety risks; industry policy risks; and the risk of underdevelopment, a new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.