Changchun High and New (000661), with good growth in core products and performance in line with expectations 16.31% increase in comparison with medical organisms; net profit attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $3.047 billion, same
Business income of 2,178 million yuan; growth of 12.84% in the same year; acquisition of net returns of 786 million shares, and a chart showing a significant increase in net returns in 2020. The company’s growth hormones are gradually returning to high growth and new vaccine products contribute to higher performance.
During the reporting period, the core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, achieved revenue of $5,803 million (+20.34%), and recovered gradually. The company’s strong position in the domestic growth hormones sector is expected to maintain a high growth rate as the response spreads and penetration increases.
The net profit is $409 million (+13.38 per cent). The annual volume of vaccinations for chicken pox is 8.83 million, the city being the largest, an increase of 23.33 per cent over the same period last year.
Live vaccines started to be marketed at the end of August last year for domestic exclusive products, issued up to 1.57 million copies a year, contributing to the company’s new performance gains.
In response to the epidemic, the sales rate dropped by 4.1 pp at a good product layout during the reporting period, with 100 grams of organisms to be marketed. In 2020, the company actively promoted the development of innovative products, and the fight against the gold-torley pearl bill was launched in the country.
Experimented and approved by the U.S. fda clinical trial. At the same time, the company, through a partnership with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, introduced projects such as brimstone, reorganizing human-provocative hormones-ctp blending protein fluids to supplement and upgrade existing product lines.
Level. 100-gram organisms are well on the board, and have now been certified. In addition to existing products, the company’s people have frozen rabies vaccine (vero cell) and the dry agent-type product iii’s clinical trial has been almost completed, and herpes have been produced.
Profit forecast: we predict that the company will be eligible to belong to the parent company in 2021-2023. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.