Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biosciences and life sciences have performed well for 21 years, with excellent prospects: the company published its annual report for 2020, generating $8,577 million (+16.31 per cent) throughout the year.
q4 income growth was robust, with a significant increase in net interest rates. Company q4 realized revenues of 2,178 million yuan (+12.84 per cent), net profits of 831 million yuan (+45.90 per cent) and net interest rates of 29.52 per cent from 1904, mainly higher rates of growth hormones and vaccine products, with a faster rate of increase, as suggested.
Increase: Cost end 20q4 sales rate slightly higher than q3 but lower year-on-year ratio R & D costs as a result of higher clinical progress on research products compared to year-on-year, and R & D costs as a percentage of total market value/flow (millions)
The annual increase in non-recurring gains and losses is mainly due to higher gains and losses on the disposal of non-current assets and higher increases in government subsidies: a higher drop in net cash flows in the fourth quarter is expected to be mainly related to the return of high-new real estate, and a slightly higher-than-expected profit (000661).
Good growth hormone track for the long term has led to a rapid upturn in quarterly income: the net interest rate is again close to 50%, maintaining its good profitability since q3, demonstrating that the gold race is well cost-controlled under the epidemic, taking into account the company's online reach.
The continuing accumulation of experience in academic outreach and diagnostics, the future sales rates may be maintained, and the rapid recovery of new intake data in January/February 21; and the high number of children suffering from the lack of end-growth hormones and the low treatment penetration in the current domestic growth hormone stock market.
The epidemic has only had an impact on sales promotion and academic activity below the company line, and has not led to a loss of potential demand, a rapid year-round increase in the number of new infections of the company in the context of epidemic control normality, a combination of sustained advances in sales of long-acting water needles and a steady increase in the number of children suffering from drug use.
The growth hormones will contribute to the gold race’s larger performance; in addition, other gold medals, such as recombinant eggs, bubbles, etc., are expected to restore robust growth with a low-base effect on the impact of the 20-year epidemic. The nasal flu vaccine has contributed to a rapid increase in revenue, affecting the Chinese medicine industry and high innovation.
Real estate performance. 100 grams of life earned 1,433 million yuan a year (+43.30%), net profit 409 million yuan (+133.88%), based on batch data for 20 years of life off water pox, about 8.83 million (+23%) of vaccines issued in batches, and a total close to the issuance of a new dose of nasal flu vaccine.
15.7 million. 100 q4 achieves income of 358 million yuan (+24.05%) and net profit of 75 million yuan (compared to the same period last year - 0.09 million yuan); the ring comparison shows income of 100 q4 and net profit of less than q3 and is expected to be related to the company ' s vaccine revenue recognition arrangement.
Drug sales are affected by the epidemic; of these, q4 achieved revenues of 162 million yuan (+8.72%), net profits of 0.07 billion yuan (40.03%) and income ends have maintained a robust recovery since q3.
First, on the one hand, core biological medicines such as growth hormone water needles and long-acting water needle-related adaptive disorders continue to be enriched around the endocrine field, and projects such as the introduction of brimstone pryrin, the restructuring of human-provocative hormone-ctp integrated protein injection fluids, etc., are also being developed through external collaboration.
In addition to increasing the company's technological reserves in areas such as child health, women's health and reproduction, the Kuprarin microballs are also laid out in the prime of the field of neoplasms and biopharmaceuticals in the gold race.
Pipelines. The freezing of derelict saplings for vaccines is almost complete; heavy pounds of herpes are being studied to reduce the iii phase of the active vaccine product, and 25,000 cases have been put into group; and the combinations have been cleared for clinical and successful approval will provide the basis for the company ' s subsequent multiple seedling development.
Long-term growth hormone penetration is clear. Long-term growth hormone treatment penetration is still only 10-12% of the previous stock market penetration. For growth hormone supplementation markets, high marketing barriers, high doctor training costs and high conversion costs constitute core industry barriers.
Kinsey, as a leading company, has an absolute advantage in terms of product quality, doctoral education, entry firms and biotech have multiple barriers to forming teams, tendering and selling, and 70% of the city is in a stable position.
Keeping the "buy-in" rating. The company is a domestic growth hormone leader with a unique and independent vaccine business, and a scarce "upgraded consumption" whitehorse. 21 years of growth hormones are expected to contribute to a larger performance and a 100-gram nose stream as the newcomers resume their rapid growth.
The scale of vaccine sales will be further expanded, other products such as the gold racing recombinant ovary ovarians will perform well at the profit margin, the risk of 21 years of beautiful prospects, the risk of increased growth hormones or vaccine competition.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report