High performance continues to grow, growth hormone poles become more dynamic, and the year 2020 is the year's review of Changchun (000661), research assistant: Lui Kuo-chung.
The company’s main business is research and development, production and marketing of biopharmaceuticals and Chinese medicines, complemented by real estate development, property management and services. In 2020, the priority medicine industry continued to grow in income and net profits.
Millions of yuan, or 20.34 per cent over the same period; net profit of 2,760 million yuan, or 39.66 per cent over the same year; and growth hormones, mostly growing rapidly. 2 subsidiaries have achieved income of 1,433 million yuan, compared to 1.67 million copies of influenza vaccine products, and 8.8302 million copies of the vaccine have been issued.
The main figure is 19 March 2021, where both the Māori rate and the net interest rate rose. In 2020, companies achieved 86.69 per cent of Māori, which is a significant increase in R&D costs compared to the previous year, and many projects continued to move forward.
The company actively promotes research and development projects in science, technology and innovation, and its subsidiary, Kinsey Pharmacy, in paediatric products, with growth and development as its focus, has been active in expanding important areas; and in anti-cancer products, in the case of malignant tumours in the blood system, late-stage malignant physical tumours and lymphoma, with the use of lymphoma.
Single resistance has started domestic clinical trials, which have been approved by the U.S. fda drug clinical trials.
The clinical trial for the iii phase of the herpes-retardation-live vaccine product has been finalized, followed by an evaluation of the safety, protection, and immuno-persistence of the product. The investment proposal is that the company is a growth hormone leader, the domestic market is large and competitive.
We expect the “market index” of the public rating system to have a depth of 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner and in an independent and objective manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.