Vankoa (00002): The three great champions of the land, the masters, the non-house business, and the genetics of quality, the company is one of the leading geese in the real estate development industry, and it is a well-deserved and remarkable development of China's urbanization.
The company was founded in 1984 and entered the real estate business in 1988 as well as as as a witness. Although in 2019 the company showed a moderate growth in both performance and sales, after more than 30 years of development, it became a leader in the country.
But the company still hopes to take advantage of its own accumulated experience in the industry over the years to take advantage of its real estate, the “White Silver City Auxiliary Service, which focuses its business on the national economy”, and to explore further in other industries, such as the public administration, in search of the next growth point.
In 2018, the company upgraded its position to a more euphemistic one.
In the first place, the company is using leverage to drive roe. The company has been following a high turnover strategy, reducing the size of the system and consolidating residential development and property suits.
A high turnover strategy is an endogenous growth approach. On the basis of the advantages inherent in long-term business, business has been extended to business start-up times when real estate finance policies are easy and high turnover-driven leverage is the preferred response.
Development and operation, logistics warehousing services, rental of housing, industry are reflected in the fact that although the corporate equity multiplier is high, the advantage of lower net debt ratios is hard to shake in the industry, leading to urban, snow and snow holidays, old age, education, etc.
Second, the company's strategy has been deep-deeping a second-line city. The company has a clear advantage over its leading company in single-city sales. And over 70% of the new land in the last four years has been on the second-line.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: Considers the company to be deep-drawn, i.e., to tie together the company’s basics and those of China’s economy. Thirdly, the company upgrades the career manager to a career partner, through a project-level follow-up system and public trust.
Partnerships at the divisional level create a comprehensive incentive system. The essence of the business partnership is that the 52-week equity range (in dollars) replaces the shareholders and becomes the company’s bottom-up beneficiary.
In property management, companies that do not separate 10,000 properties are listed, but they have more than a portion of the top tubes on the market.
On the housing front, by the end of 2019, a total of 110,000 homes had been opened, and the apartment had grown into a centralized long-lease apartment with a circulation b/h (millions) leading brand, which is in line with the long-acting mechanism of our “rent-purchase-and-take” housing.
Balanced development, maintenance of coverage with a “strongly recommended” rating.
1.1 Money: Good leverage driven by roe 9.48. The increase in the equity multiplier is mainly due to the company ' s ability to leverage and maximize upstream and downstream funds, both in terms of sales returns resulting from the company ' s high turnover, which are reflected in the continued increase in the equity of the company (advance payments + contractual liabilities)/owners ' interests; and in terms of the company ' s use
Increased bargaining power in the industry chain, occupying the upstream construction unit, etc., reflected in (pay dues + notes due)/owner ' s rights, figure 1: equity multiplier driver, figure 2: Full upstream/downstream capital occupancy
High liquidity refers to rapid liquidity, which in essence generates as much revenue as possible over a fixed period of time with the minimum principal. This means that, at the same level of profitability, companies can obtain a return on assets that is significantly higher than the industry average.
High liquidity is a reflection of the developers’ combined competitive advantage. High liquidity requires consideration in terms of time and size.
The sales licence is made earlier, and there is a need for developers to complete their professional contacts ahead of time, such as project positioning, planning and design, pre-screening of tenders, master package forwards, engineering nodes, etc. The smaller the scale, the faster the discount, the faster the cash flow returns; the more the start-ups, the higher the decadal rate, and the higher the return rate. Standardized product and standardized management, therefore, helps to improve the liquidity.
High turnover does not amount to a reduction in the quality of the project. High turnover refers to the company’s own capital turnover, which is reduced from the time of taking the land to obtaining a pre-sale certificate, rather than the entire project’s construction cycle. The construction cycle from the sale to the completion stage is often reversed according to the delivery time specified in the contract for the purchase of the house, with most of the funds spent being pre-saled and relatively secure.
The project company is required to apply to the bank when it is in use, subject to the supervision of the local residential authorities, for the construction of the works in question.
In late December 2019, the Governor of the Central Bank wrote that macroprudential management of real estate financial markets would be strengthened, monitoring of the overall state of real estate finance would be strengthened, and various tools would be used to manage real estate finance against the cycle. We believe that the net corporate debt ratio and the high turnover-driven business poles would be low.
In our view, the financial attributes of real estate are clear, with reference to United States and Japanese experience, real estate price bubbles arise mainly from residents’ expectations of rising housing prices and from continued monetary policy, which is more liberal. The regulatory agencies now regulate real estate finance more strictly, preventing excess liquidity from entering the real estate market, which is beneficial.
As a result of the structural upgrading of our economy, real-estate finance policies are difficult to reduce in the long run. And the business model of home-based firms using high turnover to drive leverage is mainly one that leverages upstream and downstream capital, allowing for some degree of immunization against further tightening of real-estate finance policies and industry deleveraging, which in the long run is a relatively good response strategy.
In the short term, monetary policy easing helps home firms to reduce the cost of financing, and banks to increase their support for development loans. With monetary policy easing, home firms have significantly lower nominal interest rates on open markets, and high credit firms are favored by investment agencies. The new crown epidemic has struck the real economy, especially micro-enterprises, clearly, and banks have increased their development loans for long-term high rates of return, either because of a steady interest spread or because they have increased their support for long-term high rates of return.
Downside, although the downside is less than five-year lpr, it also helps to reduce the cost of housing for residents. There has been no change in the regulation of trust and credit, but the overall financing environment for housing enterprises can also be described as improving in the near future.
Figure 4: Lower asset and liability rates after company elimination of pre-collected accounts and contractual liabilities Figure 5: First and second mortgage rates followed down with lpr in five years.
Table 2: Recent declines in interest rates on home-based debt financing 1.2 places: Deep Farming One, Rooting in China ' s economic fundamentals and land grabs, the firm ' s strategy has been deep Far Farming Two Cities. This is reflected in three aspects, the first being the company ' s new land since 2016.
Second, corporate single-city sales reached 8.93 billion in 2019 (the elimination of overseas urban contribution sales), far higher than other leading housing companies, reflecting deep-field thinking. Third, corporate sales were ranked first in 21 cities in 2019, second in 12 cities, and held a strong position in some of the first and second-line cities.
The company did not enter the city in 2019, but its single-city sales were 4.0% higher than in 2018, indicating that the city it currently entered still has the potential to raise the sales. We believe that the greatest advantage of the two-to-two line over the three-to-four-line is the full enjoyment of the continued net inflow of people and capital resulting from China’s industrialization and urbanization process.
In 2019, real-estate sales amounted to $16.0 trillion, sales were high, the industry was well advanced, and, without consideration of stimulus policies directed at three or four-line cities, the demand for one or two-line cities was relatively stable. The company was deep-deeping on two lines, binding the company's basic plates and the Chinese economy's basic plates on each other.
Figure 6: The new land of Vankoa is concentrated on the second line.
Figure 7: Selected leading housing stock stock sales: 1.3: Promotion of career managers as business partners. Huanko is one of the first companies to introduce a career manager in the country, leading to the development of the real estate industry and, indeed, the Chinese system of professional managers.
The manager system is not the perfect answer to corporate governance, and there is a problem of taking risks and consequences. In traditional business distribution mechanisms, sales revenues deduct costs (including wages), interest, post-tax revenues are left over from the business, a small portion of the surplus is allocated to the employee as equity incentives, and most of the surplus is allocated to the shareholders as profits of the business.
And Vanko’s business partners are, in essence, business partners who replace shareholders and become low-income earners of the business. The original shareholder income is divided into two parts: part of the gain that must be earned as shareholders, i.e. the opportunity cost of equity, and part of the risk premium that the shareholders are exposed to.
Under the business partnership mechanism, the business partners are really in a bad position, stimulating themselves to create higher returns than the social average. This solves the problem of career managers who “invent and share” with their shareholders, but lack “sharing.”
The business partnership system explores the first step: the economic profit bonus system, which was introduced in 2010 by Huanko. The economic profit bonus system is actually a gambling system. That is, if the company ' s roe exceeds the average social return level, the company will raise the bonus at a prescribed rate from the economic profit (p): conversely, the management team will have to follow the same path.
In order to ensure the team’s ability to repay, the ep bonus is managed as a collective bonus and is not distributed to anyone for three years. The three-year bonus is the bond that the management team uses against shareholders.
In 2014, the company introduced a project follow-up system at the project level. The staff who have the greatest impact on the quality of project acquisition and operation - project management, and the management of the city company - need to invest their own money and corporate investments. Starting in April 2014, all new acquisitions by Huanko must be matched with investment plans. Follow-up is one of the company ' s primary considerations in deciding whether to invest.
By the end of 2019, the company had a cumulative total of 865 projects that had introduced follow-up mechanisms, shortening the average time for the project to start new work, start-up and cash flow. There was a certain mismatch between costs and revenues, and sales and management costs of using the current year’s sales as a denominator.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: effective control of sales and management costs following the introduction of a follow-up system  sales and management costs + management costs (synchronous is the calibre of sales in the current year)
The business partnership system explores step three: the partnership-holding scheme for companies in 2014, where all recipients of an economic profit bonus voluntarily roll over the corporate bonus, together with leverage to buy company shares. As a result of the poles introduced, the equity partner will suffer more sensitive gains and losses than shareholders in the process of stock price hikes and falls, similar to a poor arrangement.
On 28 May 2014, Shenzhen Shenzhen Shenzhen Financial Advisors (Limitary Partnership), representing 1320 business associates of the company, acquired a pool asset management plan for the securities firm, which on 28 May 2014 acquired 35.839,000 shares in the Vankoa stock, representing 0.33 per cent of the total stock value of the then Vankoa. As of the company ' s 2019 annual report disclosure date, the joint venture purchased 496 million shares of the Vankoa stock, representing 4.39 per cent of the total stock of the company.
Of these, the shares acquired by Ying-Aun through the Kim Pong 1 scheme account for 4.04% of the total stock stock. The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the business partnership mechanism, to some extent, also leads to decentralization.
Since the Shenzhen subway group became the company’s first shareholder, it has publicly expressed its support for Huanko’s mixed system of ownership, for business partnership mechanisms, such as the Vanko City Auxiliary Service Providers Strategy, and for the management team to operate and manage them in accordance with the established strategic objectives. We recognize that the Huanco partnership mechanism is a transformational upgrade of the career partnership mechanism, which is stable and continuous and helps to help the public.
The Division will continue to be one of the drivers of sound corporate business and value creation.
Corporate property management started in 1990 by providing industry-wide business process paradigms and leading industry development. The company property management business has been ranked first among the “China Property Services 100 Enterprises” selected by the Senate for 10 consecutive years since 2010. By the end of 2019, a cumulative 640 million square metres of property had been contracted, an increase of 26.1 per cent, of which 450 million square metres had been taken over, representing a future reserve of 190 million square metres.
In July 2018, the Vanko estate purchased 4.9% of Deirang’s shares, and in December 2019, the two sides further deepened their cooperation by forming joint ventures, leading commercial property and asset management. Huanko is good at learning from each other in cooperation, and we trust that the company will learn more about De Leung’s strengths in commercial property management and consolidate its position as a leader.
Figure 11: The history of the development of the 10,000-degree property, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Figure 13: Mäori management of the 10.000-degree property and the same rate of growth
Figure 12: Revenues from management of the property industry and the same rate of increase
The company has been operating long-lease apartments since 2014, and now has three lines of product for various stages of the clientele: youth apartments (places), family apartments, service apartments. The berthing has grown into a conglomerate long-rented apartment lead business. By the end of 2019, the company’s rental business had accumulated 110,000 units, of which 56,000 were opened in 2019.
From 2018 to the present, the company has issued a total of four special loans for housing rental projects and supplementary operating funds amounting to 8 billion yuan.
The company actively promotes the development of the leasing business, together with the country's “multi-subject supply, multi-channel security, leased-and-purchase housing system” 2.3 commercial development and operation, logistics warehousing and other operations Commercial development and operation: the company uses the Indian group as a platform for commercial development and operation, and, by the end of 2019, the Indian group operated a management project 108
Logistics warehousing: by the end of 2019, the company was using “Hong Kong Logistics” as a logistics warehousing platform for 44 cities to obtain 138 other businesses: the company's ice and snow business continued to be in the lead position in 2019 and operated in Jilin Ponghua Lake, Beijing and Beijing.
In addition to this, the company’s branding influence in areas such as old age, education, etc., has gradually expanded. East’s financial and intellectual boom 3.
3.1 There has been a slight decline in profitability, with real estate revenues guaranteed: 36.789 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 23.6 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 38.870 billion yuan, an increase of 15.1 per cent, a decrease of 15.1 per cent in the rate of increase in net profits attributable to mothers, which was only 10.6 per cent in 2019, a decrease of 0.8 pct in the same year.
Real estate development contributed 95.9 per cent of operating income and 96.6 per cent of Māori, and the decline in the Māori rate of real estate development has had a significant impact on the net return on the parent;
Figure 18: The return of the net profit margin has fallen, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East has been sold in full, and the 2020 settlement is guaranteed. First, the company was rich in unsold resources at the end of 2019, amounting to $60.91 billion, right?
Second, in terms of the planned completion area, the company is expected to complete 3,319,000 flats in 2020, an increase of 10.3 per cent. Given the company’s high completion rate in previous years, it is guaranteed that the company will achieve a certain rate of increase in the completion rate. Finally, we believe that, given the impact of the new crown epidemic, the current rate of reconstruction of the construction site is lower than in previous years, the company will first ensure that the contract-bound completion can be completed as scheduled.
In summary, we believe that there is some certainty that the company's 2020 completion will continue to be an income-contribution “fundamental” for real estate development. In this case, the land ratio = the floor price/sale price of the floor 12 months ago.
Figure 19: Sufficient unsettled resources for companies
3.2 Sales are at the top of the industry with a relatively high selling value. Companies achieved sales of $6.308.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 4.0 per cent in the same year; and sales of 41.1222 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the same year.
According to Cresary's sales ranking, the company has been in sales totop2 since 2009, and is extremely stable. Sales are a combination of various aspects of the capacity of housing firms, such as business models, strategic planning, product quality, land acquisition, and financing capacity.
/0.7 *0.7. Sales in the year, of which 0.7 is a sellable ratio of 162.1%, a decline from 2019, but still hold the outlook, we believe that opportunities for land acquisition, whether in the register or in the M & A market, will gradually become apparent, and companies may be expected to actively replenish the earth and improve their own soil storage structures. Follow-up attention should be given to the company’s stock-up rhythm.
Figure 23: Corporate sales and rate of increase by year, Figure 24: Size of company sales and rate of increase by year, Figure 25: Relatively abundant company earth reserves
The cash flow of the East has been positive for 11 years in a row, with a clear credit advantage.
Sufficient cash allows companies to deal with changes in the industry’s cycle. By the end of 2019, the company was in cash at $16.690 billion, and the cash was unshakeable for short-term debt, leading home firms.
With good corporate credit, the cost of financing both within and outside the company is low, with companies issuing special housing rental debt totalling $4.5 billion twice in 2019, with a minimum interest rate of 3.15%. We believe that this new crown epidemic has led to a short-term deterioration in the liquidity of housing enterprises, a rigorous test that Vanko is expected to pass with sufficient cash and a good capital structure.
Figure 27: Net inflows of corporate operating cash flows for 11 consecutive years
Operating income: Real estate development business, anchored in the company's historical rollover cycle, projected carry-over over the next three years, divided into carry-over areas, management operations and other business aspects, where we assume that the company can still maintain a certain rate of growth, with a high annual sales ratio over the next three years, affecting the company's Māori rate, but not much.
The annual Māori rate (unexempted tax and additional) is 35.0 per cent, 34.5 per cent and 34.3 per cent, respectively.
The company’s paradigm of regulating the lines of business at the start of real estate has been a valuable source of inspiration for later generations. Although in 2019 the company’s performance and sales showed a certain slowdown, the company still hopes to capture the “white age” of real estate by virtue of the advantages it has accumulated over many years of industry experience.
Further exploration in other industries, such as property management, to find the next growth point. We look forward to a sound and balanced growth of the company in the long term, based mainly on three long-term, first of all, the company’s good leverage to drive roe. The company’s roe has been driven by equity multipliers in recent years, while the equity multipliers are driven by business leverage. It is represented by higher equity (advance payments + contractual liabilities)/owners’ interests and (pay dues + instruments)/owner’s interests.
High liquidity refers to its own liquidity, compressed time from land to sales, sales return as soon as possible, rapid expansion of the project, yielding as much revenue as possible over a fixed period of time with fewer principals. Financially, it is reflected in the fact that, while corporate power multipliers are high, the advantage of a lower net debt ratio is hard to shake in the industry, making it always low-cost to finance.
Second, companies have been insisting on a strategy of deep-farming second-line cities. Companies have a clear advantage over other leading companies in single-city sales.
We believe that this option is still valid. China’s urbanization process has not yet been completed, with the second line still enjoying the benefits of a sustained net inflow of population and capital, and demand for home purchases being more stable than the third and fourth.
The essence of a business partner is that the business partner replaces the shareholder and becomes the company’s bottom-up beneficiary. The investment system requires the project management team and the management of the city company to finance and co-invest in projects, and distributes them as low as a sum of money. The employee holding scheme requires the partner to leverage the rolling bonus into the company’s stock, and because of the leverage introduced, the equity partner will suffer more sensitive gains and losses than the shareholder.
In terms of property management, the company did not separate 110,000 units, which had been opened at the end of the year, and had grown into a centralized long-lease apartment leading brand, in line with the long-acting mechanism of our “rent-purchase-and-take” housing.
Macroeconomics are over-expected downs. Now that the new coronary virus is a severe shock on domestic and foreign macroeconomics, the domestic epidemic is largely under control, and it is the most severe.
The major economy, the United States, has not yet seen a drop in confirmed cases. The epidemic has hit the real economy in terms of supply and demand, with domestic and foreign macroeconomics falling into recession in the short term.
Eung Hing Securities In-depth Report Vankoa (00002): The Three-Senior Carabinerants, a non-house business that sustains high-quality genetics.
In response to the new coronary virus, a series of hedging policies have been put in place, both domestically and internationally, including supply-side-to-business mobility support, and demand-side consumption and investment pull through fiscal and monetary policies. We expect that real-estate policy adjustments will also be modest in response to downward pressure on housing prices.
The company's carry-over is not as expected. Based on the company's historical carry-over cycle, we have calculated the company's progress over the next three years, including in terms of settlement area and settlement averages, projections of the company's real-estate business carry-over and Maori rates.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the forest, the source of the forest, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the world's wealth, the source of the world, the source of the world, the source of the world,
Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking, Cao Cao.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
We've tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the paper are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.