Centre for Resource and Environmental Research Vankoa (00002.sz) buy-in (first rating)
This report is part of a series of studies on national gold securities, focusing only on analysis and discussion of development operations. As a pioneer of the high liquidity model, Huanko has a deep understanding of the importance of working and leveraging in the decomposition of Dupont, with a revised total asset turnover and operating leverage ranking.
Top 30 companies, using cash flows to replace operating income and excluding from total assets except real estate and those that are already actually owned by clients, calculated that the total real estate business turnover rate of Vanko is higher; and, at the same time, the use of the Vanko interest-free liability is a full expression of its partner and supply.
Links, clients, and local governments are among the top levels of leverage used. We believe that Vanko will return to growth in size and resist the pressure of a long-term downswing of the Māori rate, thus raising the future.
There is a longer-than-expected growth cycle for some types of business, and the second growth curve is still being explored, and there is a perceived need for a larger scale of development operations to support the group’s cash flow and profit pool. Potential: There is still room for a decline in the share of sales in contracts (a decline in the share of equity will help finance).
Efficiency improvements; 2 cities with a low level of sink space; 3 second-line cities with their own increase; acceleration of turnover due to land concessions and easing of pre-sale conditions: 4 long-term inventory de-mining is not difficult, and lower prices for long-term banks are conducive to working capital; 5 holding businesses are operating with a gradual improvement in quality.
Financialized assets have increased; 6 interest-bearing liabilities still have much room to rise. In recent years, new and second-hand houses in major second-line cities have been expanding, accompanied by a marked increase in the prices of one-hand and second-hand houses.
The decline in the Māori rate as a result of the deterioration of the price ratio may be phased in. Industry may have a small cycle of gross sales and interest rates rebounding.
The size of the investment has grown and there is a possibility of gradual capitalization; in the end, there is no doubt about the status of one brother of the Vankoa industry, even though it is not on the market. For the first time, Vankoa was given a “buy-in” rating, and we gave the Māori rate for the  industry a continuous deterioration, less than expected sales and less than firms could expect.
In the 36 years since its inception, especially after its listing in 1991, Vanko has been in the position of leader in leading the changes in the industry. From focusing on popular housing, to creating a business model of rapid turnover, Vanko has always been able to keep up the pace of growth while effectively controlling business risks and being able to save for longer-term development.
1984-1993: Start-up-multi-business parallels. In 1984, the Centre for the Distribution of Modern Scientific and Educational Instruments in Shenzhen, the predecessor of Huanko, was established as part of the Shenzhen Economic Special Region Development Corporation; in 1988, as the first State-owned company in Shenzhen, the stock system was reformed.
Publicly released 28 million yuan as the second listed company in a deep-seated business; in 1993, it became the five main business frameworks for trade, industry, real estate, cultural diffusion, equity investment.
In 1993, the Shanghai Urban Gardens project was launched, and since then Huanko has established the Urban Popular Housing Development Corporation as the lead company. In 2000, it was integrated into a professional residential development enterprise. In 2004, it proposed a plan to sell hundreds of billions of yuan after 10 years, and in 2010 it was completed four years ahead of schedule.
Target to become the country's first real estate enterprise with hundreds of billions of yuan worth of sales. 2012-present: Real Estate + Property Services + Holdings. 2012: The company introduced a strategy of “city support service providers” and began to explore and build premises.
Production + services. In 2014, the first real estate enterprise to sell more than 200 billion yuan, and with that, Huanko completed a step-by-step breakthrough, ranging from 200 billion yuan to 500 billion yuan and 600 billion yuan.
In comparison, Paulie, Heng Da, and Ibu, did not enter the real estate sector until 1996-2003. And Huanko’s business strategy since the full transformation of the real estate development industry has been leading the industry, leading the way.
A revolving model, free of landlords; the need for a major overhaul, with emphasis on real estate services; and small-share games, with low stock turnover. Consistency and high turnover in the general population’s housing routes have made Vanko’s sales and market share a far-fought market.
In the period 2007-2015, the country ranked first in nine consecutive years of sales and second in 2016-2019. Since 2006, the cumulative increase in the total volume of 10,000 full-calibre sales has been one of the leading industries in most years.
In the style of the land, the high turnover pattern of Vanko insists on keeping the land free of the King, the modest size of the project, and the average single-project construction space to ensure a quick return of the money.
The following households account for 91 per cent of all households: in the cooperative approach, Huanko has promoted the use of small-share schemes since the adoption of the high turnover model to increase leverage and minority shareholder rights have increased, from 13.7 per cent in 2017 to 2019.
High liquidity is the most effective way to raise roe, and according to the Dupont Analysis Framework, a higher rate of net asset return can be achieved by raising the net sales interest rate, the total asset weeks and equity multipliers, and the total asset turnover* equity multiplier = the net asset turnover rate for us.
An analysis of the net interest rate and net asset turnover data for the top 50 firms ranked in sales over the years shows a negative correlation, and the tilt rate is favourable to the turnover indicator, so an increase in the net asset turnover rate is the most effective way to increase the roe.
Using the combinations of real estate assets in the tables and tables to calculate the turnover rate, we select the top 30 companies in the industry for a sample, replace the operating income with cash flow, and select from the total assets unless the real estate component and the portion that is actually attributable to the client,
We're going to make a profit-making and volatility indicator to adjust the turnover rate, and the quality of the turnover is reflected in greater stability and security under the same level of liquidity.
The sales cost rate, management cost rate, financing cost and net liability rate and their fluctuations were taken into account as factors for the quality adjustment of the turnover rate, which, after standardization and weighting techniques, were treated in the first three of the samples, which were classified as proprietary, Vanko, and Chinese lubricant, respectively, with Vanko being ranked second only to Polyproperty.
Figure 10: Total asset turnover, adjusted for risk resistance and profitability Vanko is good at using high-quality business leverage and equity leverage from a group pool perspective. To speed up net asset turnover,
Operating leverage and minority shareholder equity leverage are cheaper and safer than financial leverage. Looking at the cash situation from a group perspective, we can divide cash into "free cash" and "time cash."
“Freely available cash” consists of increased cash profits and net financing after the deduction of dividends: “time difference cash” includes refunds of project interests, which can be recovered by integrated partners, deferred land prices, accounts payable and unliquidated taxes, etc., which have not yet been spent on expenditure items that have resulted in a phased surplus in the expansion of housing enterprises. ]
Cash. Correspondingly, if the proportion of cooperative housing projects is reduced, the scale of development is stagnated, or the assets are inefficient, then the “time difference cash” is reversed, and the increase in inefficient assets may even erode the freedom to use cash and lead to less efficient use of cash.
Vanko was the first in the industry to encourage cooperative development and small-share schemes, and, in the context of pooling of funds, cooperation has led to a high degree of leverage for minority shareholders; financial innovation in accounts payable is also a powerful tool for improving the efficiency of the use of funds.
Leveraging leverage and minority shareholder leverage is a higher-quality leverage than financial leverage. Vankos have had an average financial leverage value of 0.8 since the beginning of the year, ranking the third lowest in the sample housing business.
Leverage has always been ahead of the market average. In 2019, 10,000 Leveragings were on average for the industry of 4.4. The average was 2.8, and 10,000 Leveragings were nearly 1.6 times the average for the sample housing business.
Average value of interest-free and interest-bearing liabilities in 2011 - 2011 is 2.18, and in the sample housing enterprises, over the short and medium term, the challenges and opportunities facing the industry.
▪ In the 2019 annual report analysis, by analysing the national weighted average house price and the land price adjustment corresponding to the house price, we judge that the industry settlement rate will continue to decline over the next two years. Top 30 houses had an average of 29.1% of the total settlement rate arithmetic in 2019, down from 2018.
The quarterly Māori settlement rate (for 12 stockholdings) disclosed in 2020 in the sample housing companies is largely in line with the lower Māori rate forecast. The average Māori settlement arithmetic for the 2020q1 sample housing enterprises is to continue the downward trend in last year’s Māori rate.
In 2019, the impact of sales will be on the decline; in recent times, prices in several priority cities have risen.
Short- and medium-term: Downward pressure on the Māori rate has been eased and the industry has been exposed to beta opportunities In recent times, the focus has been on the hot market for first-hand commodity home exchanges in several cities, where the number of trading packages has been higher than during the same period of the past year and the volume of transactions has remained high.
Average prices of second-hand commodity residential transactions are on the rise as a whole. We use the average prices in the first week of March 2019 as a fixed base, and we get a sample of the urban price index from data processing (destroyed during the epidemic and Wuhan data).
Prior to the launch, the average prices of the sample cities increased, and the average prices of the sample cities rose. In April 2020, the average prices of the sample cities returned to pre-epidemiological levels, and in May the average prices of the transactions rose from April.
Good data on household turnover, higher housing prices than before the outbreak, lower pressure on industry Maori rates were initially relaxed, and the industry was exposed to beta opportunities.
Figure 24: Number of one-handroom commodity housing packages compared to the same number (%) Short- and medium-term: first-line urban pre-sale conditions eased and helped second-line urban housing enterprises to increase their turnover in order to safeguard consumer rights and to regulate the investment sales behaviour of developers prior to the municipal pre-sale review
In order to ease the financial pressure on developers during the epidemic, help housing companies to accelerate their return, Suzhou, Xiamen, Shenzhen, and other priority second-tier cities, the conditions for pre-sales have been relaxed.
The easing of the pre-sale terms of this round has created window periods for second-line housing enterprises, which have helped them to speed up project turnover, improve capital turnover, and also help to expand the scale of sales. Long term: challenges and opportunities at the demand side of the industry
The increase has been further reduced by only 6.43 million people. By 2031, the country ' s total population will have peaked at 1,464 million, after which it will have begun a long-term downward trend, and according to projections by the United States Census Bureau, the total population of the country will increase by 12.9 million between 2020 and 2025.
According to the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), our residential sector leveraged 55% in 2019, 75% in the United States, 59% in Japan and 58% in the euro area. After the economic crisis, the United States, Japan, and the euro area began in 2009.
The population leverage rate has been declining, but the population sector has been growing rapidly, rising by almost twice as many as 31.7 pcts over a decade. Nearly 90% of the population’s debt and disposable income ratio has risen, and the population’s lending ratio has risen and leverage space has grown.
Small. The ratio of debt to disposable income for China ' s residents was 88% in 2018. In 2019, household loans amounted to 55 trillion yuan, while household deposits amounted to 81 trillion yuan, representing 68% of the total. Housing loans were the main purpose of the resident ' s debt, accounting for nearly 80% of the household ' s debt.
Household assets and liabilities surveys show that mortgages are the basic component of the family’s debt.
In 2016, following the first competition in Beijing, hot-spot urban land concessions began to be accompanied by “competitive” conditions, including self-ownership, commercial and office ownership of competing commodity houses, with self-ownership rates ranging from 5% to 100%.
In 2017, the share of competing plots in total land holdings rose from 2% in 2016 to 19%. Since then, the share of competing plots has remained between 19% and 25%.
For its part, self-sustainability can discourage overpriced land, as a complement to the “facilitating house price, competing land price” approach, while also helping the government to achieve the goal of city support, rental, and co-opting. For developers, increased self-sustainability, and increased funding for the holding property industry will make it possible to raise the capital.
In order to secure land supply on a continuous basis, home ownership is increasing, and the profits from the last round of development sales will be partially invested in the next round of land-applied owner property, and more and more money will be invested in the holding property.
Business profits ultimately affect the efficiency of development operations. Commercial ownership, for example, leads to a long growth cycle and slow recovery of funds.
The first principle is shared, but the market valuation is difficult to raise owing to the generally low noi, the low noi rate at this level of contribution to the price, which makes it difficult to meet the market requirements of about 6-7% of the caprate. The additional competing plots are conditioned on capital, business operations, development, etc.
The competition for self-control in the land market in the two-line cities is more common, and for the Vancos, which are the main deep-drawling cities, to have more property to own in order to acquire land, these properties will be very testing the structural imbalance between the constant population growth and the supply of land: we are in the 70th Central City of the National Statistical Office.
City as a sample (the number of second-line cities included in this indicator is greater than the number of three-line cities), taking into account the number, the final selection of 67 of the sample cities (4 of the first-line cities, 36 of the second-line cities and 27 of the third-line cities) for permanent urban growth and housing land supply.
The average annual increase in the resident population of first-line cities was highest in 2011 - 2011, with an average annual increase of more than 190,000; second-line cities ranked 2nd, with annual growth ranging from 5 to 150,000; third- and fourth-line cities registered the lowest annual growth, with an average annual increase of less than 50,000.
In contrast to the increase in the average resident population, the three- or four-tier cities showed a downward trend, with 210,000 inhabitants per year growing in 2019, 160,000 in second-line cities, 0.78 million in third-line cities, negative growth in four-line cities and a decrease of 21,000 in population.
(The negative number of average permanent population growths in 2015 in the three-line cities was due to the fact that in 2015, the county of Xiaoyang, under the authority of the city of Qing, was allocated to the city of bronze. The statistically speaking population showed an average growth rate of resident population in the first- and second-line cities in 2011 - 2011 was consistently higher than in the third-line city.
The four-line cities began to show a marked decline in growth in 2016. In 2019, the first-line cities had a permanent population growth rate of 1.50 per cent, the second line 1.97 per cent, the third line 0.46 per cent, and the fourth line only 0.15 per cent.
Compare the increase in the resident population and the availability of residential land in the second-line and third-line cities. One-second-line urban growth is 7.4 times higher than in the third-line city, but one- or two cities add only 2.2 times more land per year than in the previous three-and-four-year-old city.
There is still structural demand in the second-line cities. Chart 35: Average annual increase in the resident population in the sample cities in 2011 - 2011, Figure 36: Annual increase in the resident population in the two-line cities in 2011 - 1999, and we believe that the supply will continue to increase in practice.
In 2018 and 2019, the number of residential plots and areas supplied by the second-line cities continued to increase. The first-line urban supply increased significantly, with the first half of 2020, when the first-line city was affected by the epidemic, the number of homes opened by the first-line city grew by 39 per cent and the supply increased by 66 per cent.
Figure 40: Number of plots of land for first-line urban dwellings Figure 42: Number of plots of land for second-line urban housing
Figure 43: Land supply in second-line urban settlements Central cities and urban clusters are the main driving forces of the second half of China ' s urbanization, leading to long-term market opportunities. Fifth meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission, August 2019, identified the development of urban centres and urban clusters.
Strategies for the exhibition: “Reforming the management of the land plan” was proposed at the Central Economic Workshop in December 2019: “The regional economic layout for the creation of complementary and complementary high-quality development” in December 2019 states that “the spatial structure of our economic development is undergoing profound change and central cities and urban clusters are developing.
In April 2020, the Central Government and the State Council issued an Opinion on the Establishment of a Better System of Marketized Structures of Elements, which addresses, among other things, “the establishment of a sound urban-rural and integrated land market for construction.”
Promotion of market-based land component allocation is guided by principles. The content of the Opinion on land component reform is far-reaching in terms of furthering urbanization, characterized by central cities and urban clusters, and reducing the costs of urbanization.
We believe that Vanko's real estate development will return to growth in size, that the stock race will be over, and that Vanko's equity structure will be stable.
At the beginning of 2018, the BMW was the second largest shareholder at 25.4% of the stockholdings. In the latest film published in the first quarter of 2020, the BMW accounted for 1.14% of the total equity of the BMW.
In 2013, Huanko began to accelerate the development of the holding industry, which covers shopping malls, apartments, hotels, logistics, etc.
Since 2015, the amount of the investment in real estate has increased from $7.98 billion to $73.57 billion. In 2019, investment in real estate assets accounted for 4.3 per cent of total assets, accounting for net assets. Investment in real estate requires high operational capacity, long breeding cycles, and slow capital recovery.
For example, “3; 6; 5; 9” is the level of management of Singapore's poles, specifically the 6% noi rate for year 3 operations: 9% for year 5 operations. In fact, the planning and construction cycle of the malls also takes three years, so that year 3 operations are the sixth year of the project and year 5 of operations is the project.
The noi rate is only 9% in the eighth year. There is still a difference between noi’s income tax, etc., and between noi’s income tax and the dividends; in the sixth and eighth years, the distributed returns reach 5% and 8%.
In 2019, the rental income of the holdings in Vanco was only 1.3 per cent of the business income in Huanco, while a large portion of the holdings were still under cultivation, and the real estate development business was still providing funding and profit to Huanko
Figure 48: Portfolio of investment in real estate as a proportion of assets (billions of potential: there is still room for a decline in the share of interest in contract sales.
The larger scale of the sledgetic project and the full leverage of the equity leverage is conducive to increasing the scale of the sales.  In Vanko’s share of the undisclosed interest, we calculate the ground-calibre equity estimate based only on the ground-based data disclosed in the bulletin, and refer to the sales of the equity and full-calibre sales data published in Krysin.
Estimated share of sales-calibre equity. Average interest ratio of 217-2020 m50.000 cacadrons of land size compared to the ratio of rights and interests in sales-calibre combinations. We assume that the current share of interest in 10,000 cadets is about 65 per cent, down to 55 per cent and does not affect the actual value of Vanco on the project.
Control. So we think there are still 10 pcts in the power ratio. Potential: less urban access, higher ground loads, still sunk space. According to our statistics, by 2019, more than 80 units had entered the city, competing against the echelons.
The lowest number of people enter the city. In recent years, the 10,000 colones have not had a high intensity and fewer land reserves. More than 80 of them have entered the city, mainly on the second-line city, and the cost of the land is higher. In 2019, the price of the 10,000 collines was 41% higher than the average value of the sample housing company.
The value of the goods and the contribution of the sales amount can be increased in three or four-line cities. Although Vanko will not sink in large-scale three or four-line cities, the future will still have a proactive choice of downside cities with the potential to increase the city’s share.
Long-term storage is one of the inefficient assets deposited.
Vanko’s inventory is around $200 billion, and we expect the proportion of long-term stocks to be around 40%, and 10,000 can increase the de-economization of long-term stocks. While increasing the de-emission of short-term inventories may affect project profits, in cash flow terms, de-emission of long-term stocks facilitates the re-establishment of inefficient assets.
In this way, the gold is invested in high-transit projects in the development business, improving the efficiency of the use of funds, creating new sales, increasing the quality of the business of the holding business and increasing the number of financially reposable assets.
Potential: assets and liabilities are sound, financing costs are low, interest-bearing liabilities are raised, and the asset and liabilities of Vanko are in good condition.
Lower, smaller financial bars, with a net debt ratio of only 37 per cent in 2019.
Correspondingly, sales ranked Top30 and Top5 in 2019 averaged 6.9% of the financing cost on average, and interest-bearing liabilities were relatively small, with significant scope for improvement. 10,000 interest-bearing liabilities accounted for the total since 2010.
The share of the liability remained below 30%, and was well below the sample average. In 2019, the amount of interest-bearing debt was $26.5 billion, with the lowest amount of interest-bearing liability in the sales scale of the Top5 housing enterprises. In 2019, the share of interest-bearing debt was 18% of the total liability, down 2pcts from 2018.
The sales ranking of the Top30 and Top5 houses was 37% and 31%, respectively, and Vanko still had much room for improvement in interest-bearing liabilities. Figure 59: The size of the ToP5 household interest-bearing liabilities in 2019 (billions)
Vanko is expected to achieve $950 billion in contract sales in 2023.  Industry may have peaked in terms of real estate sales and area growth, but industry concentration will continue in the context of “household-free” regulation, progressive regulation of real estate financing, return of industry profits, etc.
The city of Vanko has stabilized at around 4% for three years, completed the consolidation before the ladder rise, and is expected to return to the sales scale growth path. In contrast to international markets, the city of Vanko has only 4%, 8% of headhouses from other mature markets around the world.
There is still room for improvement. Taking into account the momentum of the return to growth in the size of Huanko and the former Institute’s uenko non-real estate business, which consists mainly of real estate services and holdings, including business development and operations, warehousing logistics, standard office and industrial parks, long rental apartments, etc.
Property services: leading in size, leading in value in the business value industry, not only in the area of tubes and earnings, but also in customer satisfaction and exploration of business models.
In 2019, 640 million square metres were contracted by the Vanko estates, an increase of 26.1 per cent over the same year, of which 450 million square metres were taken over and 190 million square metres were set aside for the future.
In addition, a joint venture was established with Deed Liang to create a strong association between business services and facilities management. The 10,000-degree industry service, which is the only one in the industry that has achieved 10 billion dollars in revenue, has been rated for 10 years in a row.
In China, property services are top-ranked by the capital market, and the Vanko industry, though not listed, is recognized for its own value. At present, the Vanko industry is not listed, and can serve as a pavilion garden, on a management scale, in 2019, at a rate of 10,000.
Property contracts, 640 million square metres, in the range of 450 million square metres, Beguio Park service contracts, 100 million yuan, Māori rate, 18.6 per cent, Bei Gui Garden service income, $9.7 billion, Māori rate, 31.6 per cent.
The non-monetized value factor, such as customer satisfaction, is still an important part of the 10,000-degree industry. The 20,000 residential districts served by the industry have a relatively high share of the first- and second-line cities, and the housing vacancy rate is low, resulting in higher service costs.
Hong Kong Dollar (equivalent to 88.9 billion yuan), even considering that the current market value of real-estate service companies may be overvalued, we believe that the conservative valuation of the Vanco industry should be in the range of 60-70 billion yuan. According to historical data, Vanko’s share of interest in the Vanco industry is about 60%.
Holdings have become assets and size of business Business development and operations: management area over 13.5 million m2
The 2019 annual report revealed that the total building area of the Vanko commercial project (with printed management area) was more than 13.5 million square metres and that it was the second largest in the country. As of the end of 2019, the group managed 108 assets and managed nearly 9 million square metres.
A total of 6.440,000 square metres have been opened, and warehousing logistics: the second highest-value warehouse in the country, the first 10,000 in the cold bank in the country, using “Men Latitude Logistics” as a logistics warehouse service platform, after five years of business layout, service providers
More than 850 households, the second largest in the country and the largest in the country in the cold bank, with customers covering electricity, express couriers, manufacturing, catering, retailers, etc. 21 new acquisition projects in 2019 for the 10,000th parallel logistics, with a combined surface of approximately 1.91 million square metres of leased property
Fumi. The 2019 report revealed that 10,000-latitude logistics had been located in 44 cities and had acquired 138 projects, with approximately 1,086 million square metres of leased property. A total of 53 projects (including 45 high-value bank projects and 8 cold-chain projects) were currently operating at 10,000-latitude logistics, of which the high-value bank stabilization projects averaged out.
The rental rate was 92%, and the annual warehouse usage rate was 82%.