The overall view is that Vanko is the country's leading home company, with its ability to operate and its competitive advantages, and that project sales continue to grow, grow in size, have a strong position and perform well.
Business, logistics storage, long-lease apartments, ice and snow vacations and education are also growing in synergy, contributing to profits and raising corporate values. Group red rates are maintained at the top of the industry and are maintained.
S03403040001, stable, positive returns to investors. Huanko is expected to continue to grow robustly as a representative of the leading and excellent business of the country and the real estate industry; while the current valuation level is low and the investment price of the medium and long lines is low.
The group’s board of directors has recently called for the repurchase of shares, highlighting management’s confidence in business development and its claim to value. On the other hand, the new board of directors has a stable structure, which is conducive to follow-up.
The General Assembly authorizes the Board of Directors to repurchase, as appropriate and appropriate, the shares issued by the company in the country (a) and abroad (h) in the light of fluctuations and changes in capital markets and corporate stock prices.
It is to be hoped that the company will continue to work closely with the metro group. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Fushan Wanko, and the Shenzhen underground company, Deep Iron Industries, have recently joined forces to develop a project to build a new line of traffic in the South Foshan Sea.
Both sides have fully utilized their own resources and operating advantages, and further cooperation is expected. Marketing maintains a strong and dynamic performance.
The five-year net profit/contribution growth rate was 17 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively. The volume of sales achieved in 2019 decreased but remained positive. The first quarter of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, with the Consortium’s operations achieving contract sales of 8.848 million square metres and contract sales of 13.788 billion yuan.
The company’s competitive edge and resilience to risk are still highlighted.
In order to protect the long-term interests of investors, promote the maximization of shareholder value, ensure the sustainability of the company, and request the Shareholder Assembly to authorize the Board of Directors to repurchase, as appropriate and appropriate, shares issued by the company in the country (a) and abroad (h).
10% of this amount (i.e. the total amount of repurchase of shares a does not exceed 10% of total shares a and repurchase of shares h does not exceed 10% of total shares h) Repurchase of shares is mainly 1. Reduction of the registered capital of the company; 2 for employee holding schemes or equity incentives; 3,
The company, in connection with the issuance of convertable corporate bonds, certificates of title, for the conversion of equity, or 4 other circumstances necessary to preserve the company’s value and shareholder’s interests, shall satisfy one of the following conditions: (i) the company’s stock collection price is lower than each of its most recent net assets: (ii) continuity
A cumulative 30% decline in the collection of company shares over 20 trading days. Purchases, which are expected to buy back no less than 730 million shares, account for no less than 6.60% of the company’s current total equity issue.
On the other hand, the company has recently been working together with the Shenzhen underground company, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Fushan Wanko, to develop a project to build a new transport section in the South Foshan Sea. The project is located on Gui City Street, South China Sea, in Fushan City.
On the west side of Daupay Hill Road, on the east side of Guang Juxi Line, on the south side of Precious Guangguo Iron, and on the north side of the roundabout South Road (no. 10,000 m2). Of these, 51% are held by Vanko Foshan and 49% are held by Deep Steel. It is expected that both shareholders will invest hundreds of millions in the project, and that the capital invested in Deep Steel will not exceed RMB 2.94 billion.
The project is an orbital segment project, which was won and developed jointly by Vanko and the deep-iron industry. It will facilitate the full utilization of the two sides' “orbital plus property” advantage and the construction of the Tod pole project in the Foshan region. The subway group holds 28.69% of the company's shares and is its first shareholder.
Tod pole projects in the region, with a better margin for profit. Both parties fully utilize their own resources and operational excellence, and further increased cooperation in the future is desirable.
At the current session, the Board of Trustees decided to nominate Hu Kuobin, Li Jiangqiang, Tang Shoji, Wang Hae-wu, Sing Jie, Xing Qing and Xin Jie, as non-independent candidates for the nineteenth session of the Board of Directors, and Fu Sung-kyung, Kang-sung, Liu Xiangwei and Ng Jia-Ning (in spelling) as independent candidates for the nineteenth session of the Board of Directors.
Among them, Mr. Hu Guobin is currently the secretary and director of the Shenzhen Capital Operating Group Ltd. (formerly Shenzhen Capital Operations Group Ltd.). Mr. Singji is currently the president and secretary of the Shenzhen Metro Group Ltd. Mr. Tang Saoji is currently the director, general manager and deputy secretary of the Shenzhen Metro Group Ltd. Mr. Li is currently the deputy secretary of the Shenzhen Metro Company Ltd.
Mr. Yu Qing, Mr. Kyouta, and Mr. Wang Haiwu are the executives of the Vanko Group. It is clear that Shenzhen’s state capital holds a non-exclusive one seat, and the subway and Vanko are each three seats, continuing their previous status and demonstrating the stability of the company’s equity and management structure, which is conducive to the firm’s continued smooth development.
Business performance of the group achieved sustained and desirable growth, with combined growth in operating income and net profit attribution of 17 per cent over the past five years. The group achieved business income of $3.689 billion in 2019, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the same period; and net equity gains attributable to listed companies were realized.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan, a 1.2 per cent decline in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an 11.5 per cent increase in the same year; on the sales side, affected by industry regulation, economic growth, etc., the group achieved a market area of 41,122 million square metres in 2019, with sales of 63,08.4 billion yuan, an increase of 1.8 per cent and 3.9 per cent, respectively, which remained positive.
In the first quarter of 2020, affected by the epidemic, the Consortium’s real estate business achieved 8.84 billion square metres of contract sales and 13.788 billion yuan in contract sales, a decline of 4.3% and 7.7%, respectively, but overall sales remained better than industry as a whole and large-scale housing firms.
Figure 3: Growth in the area of sales by companies in recent years Figure 4: Growth of sales by companies in recent years Subregionally, the South, Shanghai, North and Central regions account for the operating income of group real estate and related operations
The Western region accounts for 32.98 per cent, 27.23 per cent, 20.53 per cent, and 19.26 per cent respectively. In terms of sales, the Southern region, with 45.801 million square metres of sold resources in the group ' s consolidated statements as of the end of the first quarter of 2020, has not been settled, double and 1.97 times, with very high corporate performance security.
In addition, the Group is involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, which, under the current planning conditions, total the area of the building of the building of the property in question totalled approximately 613.1 square metres.
The company as a whole is rich in soil and provides a strong guarantee of the company’s volume of sales during the year and its development over the next few years. 10,000 square metres; the total value of equity land is about $154.96 billion; the average cost of new projects is 6252 yuan per square metre. Of these, 71.5% of the new items are located in second-line cities, 79.9% in second-line cities, based on equity investment.
Figure 5: Land acquisition in the last year by Huanko, Figure 7: Company access to land floor prices, Figure 8: Company floor prices as a proportion of average sales
Figure 9: Regional distribution of land acquisitions in the last year Figure 10: Regional distribution of land acquisitions in the last year
At the same time, in recent years, companies have been actively expanding their business profiles based on the consolidation of the advantages inherent in residential development and property service operations. Business development and operation, rental of dwellings, logistics warehousing services, standard office and industrial parks, ice and snow vacations, etc.
At the same time, it is important to note that businesses outside the property market continue to raise profits and value to the company. Group property services, with their mission to “encourage more users with the good of their services,” continue to operate on both sides of the housing business.
A development strategy for flying, improving the quality of services and increasing the market share. Hundreds of dollars, 33.13 per cent more than the previous year. Of the new outreach projects, 103 million square metres of residential property services were contracted, 3,339 million yuan of saturated income was added, and 18 million square metres of non-residential property services were contracted and additional saturated.
2,066 million yuan. The 94 largest developing cities in China (including Hong Kong) have been laid out, including residential services, 2663 projects and 1009 commercial service contracts. The cumulative area contracted is 640 million square metres, an increase of 26.1 per cent over the same period, of which 450 million square metres have been taken over and 190 million square metres have been set aside for the future.
The Group’s logistics warehousing service, which has been developed over the last five years as a logistics warehousing platform, has reached over 850 clients, covering areas such as electricity, express couriers, manufacturing, catering, and retailers’ super-classes.
Further refinement of the core node layout in 2019, with 21 new acquisition projects totalling approximately 1.91 million square metres of leased property. Forty-four cities were located and 138 projects were acquired, of which 123 were high-value repositories (in packages of 10,000 square metres). A total of 53 projects were stabilized, including 45 high-value reservoir projects and 8 cold-chain projects, with high-value items.
The bank stabilization project has an average rental rate of 92%, while the cold bank has an annual warehouse usage rate of 82%, which is a significant increase from 2018. The 10,000-latitude logistics hub in the country’s core logistics nodes has become a national network of high-marked warehouses that can provide high-end, standardized logistics storage facilities for customers, including investment site selection, construction development, vendor operation, asset management, etc.
7. The group ' s overall asset-liability ratio has increased in recent years, consistent with industry-wide trends, with a combined interest-bearing liability of $89,78 billion net of pre-collective payments and contractual liabilities, with lower short-term financial pressure. At the same time, company-roe levels have remained at pre-industry levels.
Vanko is a leading home company in the country, with its ability to operate and its competitive advantages. Project sales have continued to grow in size, size, stability, and performance.
Huanko, as the country’s leading and good corporate representative in the real estate industry, is expected to grow robustly and consistently; the current valuation level is low, and the value of the medium- and long-term investment is high. The group executives will call for a buy-back in the near future, highlighting management’s claims to confidence and value in business development.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.