Trailingbuy inter-district operations, Chu Ji-Shang, with high performance growth in 2020 and further industrialization of filter operations.
In the future, the 5g industry is investing more and more, and the demand for radio frequency and the alternative power of national production will continue to boost company performance in the long term, while mobile terminal output is expected to return to positive growth in 2021, with multiple factors, and we expect that corporate performance will continue to grow faster over the next two years.
On a quarterly basis, in the fourth quarter, the company earned 820 million yuan, while yoy grew by 55.4 per cent, and net profits by 360 million yuan, while yoy grew by 103.6 per cent, with both revenue and net profits rising to record levels during the same period.
Increasing the manufacturing capacity of the high-end filter module: 3 billion (total investment $4.66 billion) in corporate fund-raising and the issuance of up to 54 million shares (30% of total equity) for high-end radio-frequency filters and models R & D, 5g-based station radio-frequency devices and industrialization projects.
The lfem product, which is the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share, has accumulated in the area of saw filters and, by means of a fixed increase, the company and the crystal mill have built a dedicated line, and the company will take full advantage of its technical and empirical advantages in the area of chip design.
The threshold for input of equipment dedicated to low-generation industries, which addresses the short-board problem of the current crystal-circle plant in the high-end filter domain, helps the high-end filter break-through. In addition, the co-generation line ensures the production capacity of future filter chip products.
Profit forecasting: Looking ahead, investment in the 5g industry is increasing, the demand for radio frequency and the alternative power of national production is continuing and will contribute to corporate performance in the long term, while the output of cellular terminals is expected to return to positive growth in 2021, with multiple factors compounding, and we expect that corporate performance will continue to grow at a faster pace in the next two years.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.