The company issued a fast-track performance report, with net profits increasing by 113 per cent in 2020, within the ceiling of the performance forecast.
Looking to the future, investment in the 5g industry is increasing, radio frequency demand and alternative domestic production power are continuing, and it will be long-term. We expect that corporate performance will continue to grow faster over the next two years. We expect the company to be 2021-2022, 85%, net profit of $1.06 billion, yoy growth of 113%, and company performance is on the forecast.
The company raised up to 3 billion dollars (total investment of $4.66 billion) and released up to 54 million shares (30% of total equity) for high-end radio-frequency filters and modules.
Research and development and industrialization, 5g-based station radio frequency devices, and industrialization projects. The company has now launched the difem, lfem products, which have accumulated in the field of saw filters, and, by means of a fixed increase, the company and the crystal mill have built a dedicated line, and the company will take full advantage of its technical and empirical advantages in chip design.
The threshold for input of equipment dedicated to low-generation industries, which addresses the short-board problem of the current crystal-circle plant in the high-end filter domain, helps the high-end filter break-through. In addition, the co-generation line ensures the production capacity of future filter chip products.
Profit forecasting: Looking ahead, investment in the 5g industry is increasing, the demand for radio frequency and the alternative power of national production is continuing and will contribute to corporate performance in the long term, while the output of cellular terminals is expected to return to positive growth in 2021, with multiple factors compounding, and we expect that corporate performance will continue to grow at a faster pace in the next two years.
The 5g mobile phone is not as permeable as expected, and the new crown epidemic is delaying the release of the industry’s demand.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.