\triangleright \triangleright
The net return to the mother is $330 million, or 95 per cent of the same increase, mainly as a result of a significant increase in demand and an optimized product structure, with an increase of 8 units proposed for 10 units per 10 unit.
The Māori rate was 51.22 per cent, while the start-up radio frequency module operation generated $278 million, with a Māori rate of 67.24 per cent and a revenue of 9.93 per cent.
\triangleright 1) The penetration rate of antenna switch products has continued to rise, with a cumulative sales volume of nearly 2.8 billion throughout the year, reaching a sales value of $1.2 billion, or 43 per cent. 2) The launch of a series of hyper-low noise amplifiers has been negotiated for import at a well-known mobile phone factory.
In the following year, a bulk supply will be made. 3) The radio frequency module product is produced and exported by a number of well-known mobile phone manufacturers, using the lfem product performance index of the differential ipd filter program, which is more advanced than the shoulder international level, and is expected to be another boxing product. In addition, the company announced an additional investment of $2.7 billion in a semiconductor semiconductor construction project, which will be used to finance the development of a semiconductor.
Further expansion of the saw filter crystal round manufacturing and RF module encapsulation testing of production capacity and construction of plant and supporting facilities. 5g dividend & national production replacement, improved product layout with a wide 5g age frequency and frequency band increase, resulting in a full increase in the volume of radio frequency front enders, which companies model for domestic radio frequency front end devices
At the same time, based on the original switch, low-noise advantage products, the company has set up radio frequency filters, pa, difem, lfem, lnabank, etc., to complete the product layout; and to plan base station radio frequency devices, diversified terminal markets and applied collars.
Examination of the current Shin Wan semiconductor 84 timespe. Maintains a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s high-quality 5g-band RF track, the beneficiary’s production in lieu of red profit, and the scarcity of targets.
Trade friction between Central America and the United States, as well as the progress of large clients, and the technology of large clients, are not as good as expected.
2. Predicted high growth in the performance of q3 and high-yielding clients. Summary of forecast data on corporate financial statements
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity and Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai University of Transport, and a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Finance from the University of Maritime Finance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.