The year 2020 is projected to double the profits, with a forward-looking profile of 5 g high - the company's performance forecast for 2020 is projected to rise by over 100 per cent in the same year.
The significant increase in the net-mortality of the mother is due to the further high market recognition of the 5g catalytic lower antenna switch module, which has been used by a large number of well-known clients into the production phase. In 2020, the corporate product structure was further optimized, with a continuous increase in the share of clients.
• 5g mobile phone upgrades, company pre-positioning into harvest period 1) boxing switch/lna continues to penetrate large clients: companies have a leading advantage in radio frequency switching and lna, and their products entered the mainstream domestic mobile phone company in the 4g era.
At the time of the massive penetration of the 5g mobile phone, the corresponding radio frequency device design capability is available, with a continuous increase in the share of the larger clientele. (2) If the product is advanced, it is expected to maximize the 5g cellular height: due to the lowest/highest in the year:
The number of bands has increased, and the use of 5g mobile phone fem single machines has increased significantly over 4g, leading to a proliferation of radio-frequency module markets. The company leads the process of research and development and publication on fem, enjoys a pre-emptive advantage in customer imports, and, as output climbs, the company is expected to capture the height of 5g mobile phones in 2021.
3) Looking to the future, looking at supply capacity in the short term, and looking at self-building in the long term, brings about an integration advantage: in the current industry-wide economy, Chewie is one of the few producers with the capacity to supply soi on a large scale, and is expected to benefit fully from the industry. In the medium and long term, with the saw filter crystals that companies raise,
Production line, radio frequency module sealing production line, so companies can transform their leading design advantage into stronger production, control and capacity security capabilities, with the strong and the strong. • Profit forecasting and investment advice
As a national producer of radio frequency, companies have benefited fully from national production substitution and radio frequency demand from 5g.
5g and National Production Drive O2 High Growth, Radio Frequency Modules and Filters Opening New Space 2020-07-13
O1 Performance Directions Over-expected, Radio-frequency Chip National Product Substitutes Accelerating. 2020-04-08 Performance 2019.
An outbreak of national production-substitution performance 2020-02-25