Goertek (002241 CH)
3Q23 weakness in line; Margin recovery on track into
BUY (Maintain)
4Q/FY24E
Target Price
RMB19.22
Goertek's 3Q23 revenue/net profit growth of -6%/-73% YoY (+37%/+49% QoQ)
(Previous TP
RMB17.59)
was largely in line with previous market expectations. Impressive QoQ revenue
Up/Downside
10.3%
growth was driven by Meta Quest 3 and new smartphone launches in 3Q23, and
Current Price
RMB17.43
GPM improved 2.5ppts QoQ to 10.2% given higher utilization and new product
China Technology
ramp-up. Looking into 2H23E, we expect margin recovery to continue with better
utilization and product mix, and revenue will sustain QoQ growth on PS5/Quest
Alex NG
3 momentum. In the longer term, we believe Goertek is set to benefit from AR/VR
opportunities and Watch share gains, delivering 58%/13% YoY EPS growth in
FY24/25E. To reflect 1H23 results and better margins, we adjust FY23/24/25E
Claudia LIU
EPS by -4%/+9%/+9% and raise TP to RMB19.2, based on the same 25x FY24E
P/E (7-yr hist. avg). Maintain BUY.
Stock Data
■ 3Q23 weakness expected; GPM recovery to accelerate in 3Q23. 3Q
sales/net profit declined 6%/73% YoY and increased 37%/49% QoQ, largely
in line, and 3Q GPM improved QoQ to 10.2% (vs. 7.7%/7.0% in 2Q/1Q23),
boosted by improving product mix and better utilization on new product ramp-
up (Quest 3, PS5). We expect GPM to continue to recover to 10.2%/10.5%
Shareholding Structure
in FY24/25E (vs 8.4% in FY23E), given improving utilization and favourable
product mix in FY24/25E.
Acquisition of UPhoton to strengthen optics product portfolio. Goertek
announced its plan to acquire 100% of Uphoton by cash and share issuance.
Uphoton is specialized in micro-nano optics (DOE, MLA), 3D structured light
module, lighting vision/laser module and 3D sensing system solutions. We
believe the acquisition will strengthen Goertek's vertical integration capability
in global AR/VR/XR supply chain. The company also announced a RMB500-
Source: FactSet
700mn share buyback plan for the employee share option incentive scheme,
12-mth Price Performance
highlighting its confidence in long-term business outlook.
2024/25 outlook: PS5/Quest 3, TWS recovery and XR/gaming consoles.
Riding on shipment momentum of PS5/ Quest 3, we believe Goertek's VR/AR
and gaming segment will become major growth drivers in FY24/25E (64%/
64% of FY24/25E sales), backed by new product launches and share gains
in Meta, Pico and Sony supply chains. In the longer term, we believe Goertek
is well-positioned to capture opportunities as a fully-integrated manufacturer
Source: FactSet
in the global AR/VR/XR industry.
Maintain BUY. We think Goertek's 3Q results reflected better-than-feared
earnings recovery, and Goertek's industry leadership and product roadmap
in TWS/XR/acoustics/gaming segments will allow it to benefit from industry
recovery and new MR product cycle in FY24/25E. Upcoming catalysts include
Meta/Pico XR products and continued margin recovery.
Earnings Summary
Related reports:
weakness in-line; Lower TP
on slower demand recovery-
30 Aug 2023 (link)
3Q23 results review
Earnings Revision
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Our new TP of RMB19.22 is based on the same 25x FY24E P/E (7-year hist. avg.). Overall,
we believe Goertek's industry leadership and product roadmap in TWS/XR/
acoustics/gaming segments will allow the company to benefit from industry recovery and
market share gain in FY24/25E. Upcoming catalysts include Apple's product launches,
Meta/Pico XR products and margin recovery.
Figure 6: Peers' valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates. *TP under review.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.