On the 26th of February 2021, the performance met expectations and the industry's climate rose.
The annual rapid performance rating for technology (688008) was 4.94 per cent long, resulting in a net profit of $1,104 million for the mother, an increase of 18.31 per cent over the same period.
Due to the overstocking of upstream customers in the first half of 2020, industry customers were in a state of storage in the second half of the year. From a revenue point of view, the company's fourth quarter harvest was slightly less than three quarters, and the intuitive figure was different from our previous judgement about the increase in the four-quarter round.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The decline in the rate has led to a decline in the company’s performance when it converted to the renminbi, so our judgment on the industry’s climate has not changed. We believe that the current stock levels of the industry’s clients are already in stock.
Throughout 2021, with the resurgence of the epidemic, the increase in capital spending by major cloud service providers, and the guidance of related companies in the industrial chain, we believe that the server market will be improving on a quarterly basis in 2021, especially in the second half of the year, and that the growth in corporate performance is very high.
We've got a high rate of growth in our catch, and the pcierettimer is still on the air, and we're building up the technology.
A shift from 0 to 1 has been achieved in a number of projects, with a change from 1 to 1 in the future, and a change from 1 to n. “Study of the dollar securities firm – Incendiary technology” (688008): Industry data and cpuicelake, the company’s pciereter is expected to be released in two quarters to collect company money.
The time of the accelerated recovery of the upstream demand for servers is approaching.
The biggest growth in the company’s performance in the coming years is in the ddr5 era, which has given rise to a massive rise in prices. In terms of prices, we expect a larger rise in the memory interface chips of the ddr5 in the future; in terms of product volume, the design of lrdim was changed from 1+9 to 1+10.
Add a db; and the single value of the spd/ts/pmic with ddr5 is also significant, and part of the simulated chip, in addition to the server, can also be used in pc devices and in competitive patterns.
The pattern of the accompanying simulation chip will be more optimistic than the memory interface chip, so the future intake of the product is expected to exceed the memory interface chip itself and be ready to develop in the future. 1) The new product is not developed as expected: 2) The market is not as popular as expected: 3) The epidemic affects the supply chain risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.