Industry data tracking, accelerated recovery of upstream demand for servers - technology (6880808)
The Taiwan server management chip provider posted the December 2020 collection data, with $280 million in upstream demand for an accelerated recovery state The market value in circulation (million yuan):
According to our previous report, we believe that the pace of change in the data collected by technology is one step ahead of the pace of change in the data collected by the entire server industry.
About the month. The 4-quarter harvest fell by less than 5 per cent compared to the 1-quarter harvest, so according to the monthly pace of change in the data, and with the continued recovery of server demand for upstream products, we believe that the 4-quarter technology build-up is expected to return to or exceed the 1-quarter 2020 level.
Multi-factor resonance, 2021 server temperature, we think, due to multiple resonance, the 2021 server climate is very much to be expected: the new cpu stimulus to the market: we've been through the statistical historical server for volume data.
In addition to the high climate from 2017-2018, from 2014 q4, the server came out of the research-incident technology of the State Dollar Securities Corporation (688008): cpu of plant data testing. Looking ahead, intel will release in q1 in 2021 the first step using the 10nm process.
Server cpu-icelake, the release of the new cpu will boost market demand in the short term;
The increase in prices, the development of the need for a multi-point layout in the server area, 2020.11.05 short videos, etc., and the high volume of data generated in the 5g era have greatly increased the demand for cloud services and the network's basic equipment, servers.
In 2021, the demand for the server market will grow by 6.9 per cent, and we believe that with the data and volume of production, there will be a continuous increase in server demand, and sales of corporate products will continue to grow.
According to our previous report, "Proper Data Validation Industries, DDr5 Price Increases or Over Expectations", we maintained that “the company's supply of individual memory module products is expected to increase significantly, with optimism.
The memory module's asp is expected to double." The market is now concerned about the risk of delay in Intel's rollout of cpu in support of ddr5, for which we believe that ddr5 “although it may be late, it will not be absent” and that the "volume rise" event has a high degree of certainty.
Prior to the stocking, the company’s performance remained relatively high, supported by strong server market demand, pcleretimer sales, and increased sales of seized products. The company’s market value was historically low, while its future performance had greater scope for growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1) Server market demand is not as high as expected; 2) dddr5 unit price increases are not as high as expected; 3) dddr5 package simulation chip unit prices are not as high as expected; 4) dddr5 penetration rate is not as high as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and draws conclusions and conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party by reasoning judgement.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.