After removing the impact of share payments, real performance increased considerably. Companies achieved revenues of 1,824 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 4.94 per cent, and a net gain of 1,104 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 18.31 per cent.
Millions of dollars, equivalent to 35.83 per cent, and 52.47 per cent, respectively. In the sub-operation, the interconnection chip product line (mainly memory interfaces, chips) generated 1,794 million dollars, or 421 per cent; the capture of server platform product line generated 29.65 million dollars, compared to 300 per cent in depth.
The net profit effect of the income from changes in the living fair value is $113 million, and if the above impacts are excluded, the performance in 2020 will be $1,182 million, an increase of 26.69 per cent, resulting in a net gain of $838 million from the non-mortality.
The ddr5 memory module will carry more memory interface chips, from 10 to 11 in the ddr4 generation, and will add components such as power management chips/temperature sensors to bring up the market price of memory interface chips. The company has completed the first generation of ddr5rcd, db chips and server memory module packages that meet the jedec criteria.
In accordance with the official instructions of the mainstream cpu manufacturer, the server cpu, which supports ddr5, is expected to develop in three major areas.
The direction of corporate research and development includes the successful production of the cpu retimer series of interfaces such as ddr5-related and pcie 4.0 retimer chips, and the successful production of the cpu retimeer series of the capture server, further expanding its product layout in the area of cloud computing and data centres.The capture server-related products will be continuously upgraded in the future to meet the high performance, safety and reliability of the data centre.
The company began research and development work on artificial intelligence-related chips in 2020, with prototype adaptations with industry partners. 86/67/66 times, reference to sw semiconductor 94 timespe (ttm), maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Initiation of technology (68808) 20: Servers with high demand and high growth in corporate performance 2.q1 business loops are better than ever.
The delivery of the servers has fallen short of expectations, the development of the ddr5 chip has not progressed as expected, and the international turmoil has brought company industry, Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, and has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning their judgement and drawing conclusions.