Divisional media (002027), benefiting from new consumption, digitalization deepens the advantages of building media operations, and divides media outlets.
The main business of the company is the development and operation of the community media, the main product of which is the building media.
Elevator TV and elevator poster media, cinema screens, first quarter of 2021, q1, 2020, company business income of $3.593 billion (+85.35 per cent), advertising and terminal media, etc., covering the urban mainstream
As the country’s macroeconomy and consumption scenes are integrated into a web of media in the world, it is expected that it will be maintained.
General warming, q2 in 2020, corporate media advertising has recovered strongly. The company has seized the opportunity of a high-profile growth of the New Consumables track, building media advertising has been operating throughout the year 2020, the Faisal has risen, and the ladder has a unique advantage in brand activation, with the company using a variety of brands to activate it.
The company’s cinema’s media operations are accelerating back to pre-epidemiological levels, the number of cinemas’ media outlets returning, and the advertising of cinemas are expected to recover fully. The company’s total revenue in 2020 was $12.97 billion (-0.32%), mainly.
During the period of the epidemic, the closure of the cinema company ' s media operations was affected by a sharp decline of 75.87%. The company ' s cinemas. Media revenues are linked to the domestic market ' s ticketing level. From the third quarter of 2020, with the orderly resumption of the cinema ' s work, the company ' s cinema ' s media operations resumed gradually, and by 2021, q1, the company ' s film.
By the end of March 2021, the number of cinema-contracted cinemas had risen to around 2,000, and the share of cinema-screened advertising media in the market had risen.
At the cost end, the cost of media leasing decreased, efficiency increased and the Māori rate of media operations significantly increased. Māori coverage of corporate media operations increased significantly to 64.13 per cent in 2020 for three reasons (of which 2 and 3 are sustainable): 1) the epidemic and competition in the industry slowed, but corporate cinema media increased until q1 was released in 2021.
Long-term procurement costs are largely restored to normal levels: 2) corporate media, with good reputations, increased efficiency in resource utilization as business resumes its overall posting rate; 3) digitized upgrades are accelerated, personnel and location are optimized, staff efficiency, operational efficiency and location efficiency are significantly improved and company management fees are raised
The financial boom in the East is almost over, and the company will be actively expanding its high-quality positions in the future. As of March 2021,
At the end of the day, there were about 706,000 self-employed company elevator television media (including some 78,000 media equipment from foreign affiliates); the company elevator poster media, with the exception of some 1684 thousand self-employed equipment, had about 245,000 electrical ladder poster media equipment. As can be seen, the number of company positions is now stabilizing.
Showing that this round of point optimization is coming to an end or is about to enter a new round of point expansion: in the future, the company will actively and sequencedly expand its access to high-quality resource points, further consolidate its strengths in second-line cities, and increase its influence in other cities.
Profit predictions and ratings: companies have high-quality media location resources, building media operations benefit from the rise of new charges, digital upgrading will enhance the company’s human, screen and operating efficiency in a multi-dimensional manner, and the company’s strengths in building media will deepen.
Dollars, equivalent to 28 x, 20 x and 17 x per cent of the current stock price. Maintains a “strongly recommended” rating. Risks of business irregularities; (4) digital upgrades and new business developments are less than expected; (5) Media Resources Leasing Divisional Media (002027): benefits from the rise in new consumption and digitalization deepens the advantages of building media operations
At the same time, the company issued its first quarterly report in 2021, q1 in 2020, and the company achieved its operating income of 3,593 million yuan (+85.35 per cent) and a net return to the mother of 1.368 billion yuan (+3511.27 per cent).
Demand has declined significantly, but with the country’s overall macroeconomic warming, there was a strong recovery in corporate media advertising in q2 cases in 2020. The company took up the opportunity of a high-profile growth in the New Consumers track, with corporate media advertising generating $11.576 billion in business revenue throughout 2020, a year-on-year increase of Figure 1: Corporate media advertising revenue (billions)
To benefit from the rise of the consumer track, the media industry of the building will continue to grow. Consumers and the Internet, both of which are important for the company’s media business, have risen to 35.45%. To benefit from the rise of the new consumer brand and the many national brands that are actively shaping the image of the country’s brand, as well as from the fact that the company is using a lot of brands to set off the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Figure 2: Distribution of media clients in the company building 2019-2020 The impact of the 75.87% reduction in the media revenues of the cinema ' s closed cinema during the rest of the period when consumer goods were used for transportation, commerce and services, recreation and recreation, and telecommunications. From the third quarter of 2020, as the cinema gradually resumed its work.
By 2021, q1, corporate cinema media revenue had recovered to $339 million a season, largely to single-quarter levels in 2019, an increase of 232.2 per cent over the same period, and cinema-based media spots had recovered, and cinema advertising was expected to recover fully. At the industry level, with the epidemic under control, the film industry was expected to become fully operational.
At the same time, by the end of March 2021, the company’s cinema media contracted cinemas had risen to around 2,000, covering some 290 cities in the country, corporate cinemas, corporate cinemas, increased market share of the screen advertising media, and corporate cinema advertising was expected to recover fully in 2021.
The company’s long-term purchase costs were largely restored to normal levels prior to the screening of the cinema. In 2020, the company’s operating costs were $4.447 billion, a decrease of 33.12 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to the cost of leasing of cinemas that were closed down throughout the country during the epidemic, and the cost of leasing the company’s cinema operations in 2020 was larger than in the previous year.
(002027) The public media (00227), which benefited from the rise in new consumption, saw digitalization deepen the advantages of the building’s media business reduced by $1.039 billion, or 81.75 per cent. In 2021 q1, the cost of long pre-screening of the company’s cinema’s media was largely restored to normal levels.
Media rental costs have been reduced and efficiency gains have led to a significant increase in the Maori rate of typographical media operations. The Māori rate of corporate typographical media operations increased significantly to 64.13% in 2020 for three reasons (of which 2 and 3 are sustainable): 1) The cost of corporate media rentals has also decreased due to the epidemic and the slowdown in competition in the industry: in the first three quarters of 2020, corporate media
Rental costs decreased by $472 million, or 18.41 per cent, from the same period in the previous year, and in the future, as the epidemic subsided and the company began a new round of expansion, rental costs or small increases for the building media: (2) corporate media, with good slogans, have increased efficiency in resource use as the business resumed its overall posting rate, and in the future, as digitalization has increased.
(c) The decrease of 39.74 per cent and 17.30 per cent, respectively, in the operating costs of “employees' remuneration” and “other operating costs”, as a result of the digital upgrading and acceleration, the optimization of personnel and location, as well as significant increases in staff efficiency, operational efficiency and location efficiency, three major effects as digital upgrading progresses.
The depreciation was increased by $484 million and the equipment depreciation fee was $463 million for operating costs; and the company announced that, with effect from 1 September 2020, the age of depreciation of elevator posters in the fixed assets of the company was reduced from 5 to 3 years, with a residual value of 0. It can be seen that after 2 to 3 years of depreciation, the depreciation rate of equipment in the company’s business portfolio is expected to decrease significantly.
In 2020, the company incurred $684 million in management costs, an increase of 18.79 per cent over the previous year, and an increase in management costs to 5.65 per cent.
At the end of March 2021, the company ' s elevator television media were operating some 706,000 (about 78,000 media equipment, including those of foreign affiliates); the company ' s elevator poster media were participating in about 245,000 elevator poster media equipment, except for some 1684 thousand self-contained equipment, and the company ' s life-cycle media network covered about 330 major cities in Hong Kong.
Outside the Special Administrative Regions, more than 30 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia are covered. As can be seen, the number of forward positions for companies has stabilized, indicating that this round is nearing the end, or is about to enter a new round of point expansion: in the future, companies will actively expand their high-quality resource points in an orderly manner, further consolidating their strengths in two-line cities and increasing their influence in other cities.
In the second half of 2020, corporate repayments and bad debts were stable and showed that the pro-cyclical cycle was not over.
There is also a marked volatility in the distribution of ads. The split is now in a pro-cyclical phase of real-economy growth, and the company advertising and bad debt indicators show that the current pro-cyclicality is not over. The analysis is as follows: The account balance of accounts receivable in June is $5.373 billion, which means that corporate receivables in the second half of the year are $424 million less than the new accounts receivable.
The return performance was smooth compared to the first half of the year, with billions of yuan, or 34.5% of the withdrawal, which shows no significant change in the risk of bad debt compared to the first half of the year.
Figure 10: Corporate disclosure of accounts receivable by industry at the end of December 2020 Companies have high-quality media location resources, building media operations benefit from the rise of new consumption, and digital upgrading will enhance the company ' s human, screen and operating efficiency in a multi-dimensional manner, further deepening the company ' s strengths in building media. Corporate cinema media operations will also benefit from the continued recovery of the film industry.
(1) The advertising market has not recovered as expected; (2) the pattern of competition has not improved significantly; (4) digital upgrading and new business has not progressed as expected:
(v) Risk of changes in the rental of media resources.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Distributed media (002027): Benefiting from the rise of new consumption, digitalization deepens the advantages of building media operations.
Research assistant profiles in the areas of long video, outdoor media, mobile reading.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.