The information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment in the North is full of orders, and the semiconductor equipment has sailed.
The company is the lead in semiconductor equipment, which performed well in 2017. It was created by seven-star electronics to integrate microelectronics in the North. It is the largest and most powerful supplier of semiconductor equipment in the domestic product system, with major products such as plasma etching equipment, pvd, cvd, oxidation.
Equipment, cleaning, etc., of which company etching machines, pvd, stand-up oxidizers, cleaning machines, etc. Heart integration circuit manufacturing equipment is in the 28nm technical stage, and 16/14nmfinfet equipment is in the passenger certification stage.
Lithium energy equipment and electronic components. $2.747 million, or 24.19 per cent more than the previous year, with a Māori rate of 44.73 per cent. Overall, the Public Administration has maintained a good operational profile for the last three quarters.
Many of the company’s downstream customers (e.g., crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing, photovoltaic, etc.) are in active expansion period, with high demand for equipment and full company orders.
The year 2018 will be the most intense year for the construction of a continental crystal circle plant (which, according to Semi, is projected to be operational on the continent), and we expect that the demand for equipment will peak at 2017h2-2018h1.
The company, as the leader of the domestic semiconductor equipment, will benefit from a booming downstream demand for equipment and a gradual increase in national production rates, opening a new round of high-speed growth. At the same time, the company is actively seeking out extension and acquisition opportunities in the area of semiconductor equipment (to be US$ 15 million).
In addition to the semiconductor equipment of the core business, the company’s other business is full of bright spots. (1) Vacuum equipment: benefits from the photovoltaic shares of the leading downstream client, Gillon.
(b) Lithium electric equipment: the power cell demand has risen strongly as a result of a new energy vehicle outbreak, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the expansion of power cell capacity in the area of lithium electric equipment.
(iii) Electronic components: the company has more than 60 years of high-precision technology and experience in the production of sub-mechanics, and is widely applied to specialized industries such as aerospace, with 2017h1 fund-raising projects proceeding well and opening up future growth space. As of 2017q2, the company's fund-raising projects were under way.
All projects are expected to add $220 million to the company’s annual profits and increase production efficiency by 20% and reduce operating costs by 20%.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Current stock price fluctuations are mainly influenced by overall market sentiment in the semiconductor industry, firm fundamentals are robust and growable in the future. For the first time, coverage is given to the Institute for “enhancement”
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.