Starfire models were amazing, and one of the dragons sailed.
• Artificial intelligence taps, maintaining the "buy-in" rating. The company released a big starlight model, showing impressive results, and Chinese has outperformed the chhatgpt and is expected to sustain the public and industry end-products and solutions and bring new development opportunities. We maintain the profit margin.
On May 6, 2023, at the launch of the results of the Big Star Awareness Model, it released the Great Star Fire Model and launched the first one of the model's learning machines series t. At the same time, the company announced its opening.
Large-scale modeling capacity to provide large-scale model infrastructure services through open-air platforms. The Big Star model is amazing and is expected to continue to empower end-of-end products and industry solutions (1) Model overview: the Big Star model is a universal one-size-fits-all model, with long text life with many styles and tasks
The ability to write speeches, emails, news bulletins, marketing programmes, writing in English, etc., is also available through virtual displays and is now available in a wide range of fields such as education (i-learning machines, online educational platforms), office (speech listening), automobiles (intellectual cabins), digital employees (bid assistants, curriculum vitae screening).
(ii) Model performance: based on the results of the launch site demonstration, the Big Star model performed amazingly in seven dimensions of text generation, logical reasoning, linguistic logic, etc. The company developed an evaluation system with 481 sub-tasks, which, based on contrasts, shows that the Big Star model as a whole is at the forefront of the industry, and that Chinese has outperformed the chhatgpt.
English performance of 4.29 (5 points) is close to the level of Chatgpt 4.48 points, and is still in rapid progress. (3) Model evolution: companies publish a plan to upgrade the Great Starfire model, start real-time questions and answers by 9 June to upgrade the level of multi-wheel dialogue and mathematics; upgrade code capabilities and multi-model interactive capabilities by 15 August; October
The big model is about to be released in preparation for a new wave of the ai by 24 and will be the tagchatgpt (over and over in English). According to the company's "1+n" structure, the future tide - company information update report 2023.4.22
There will also be a shift towards more segmented industries, and it is expected that the model of the medical profession will be released in 2023 at the 1024 Development Festival.chatgpt will continue to warm, and the company will grow.
Opportunities - Corporate Information Updates - 2023.2.22 Values are mainly reflected in an increase in the value of c-end hardware due to a person ' s empowerment, and through openness.
The platform’s external export model capability is a source of great potential, and the wave is expected to open up a new cycle of corporate growth opportunities.