The company's review report  The computer industry is about to release a large model of Starfire, which will be implemented throughout the year (002230.sz)
The target for high-quality growth remains unchanged, with current revenues of $18.820 billion, an increase of 2.77 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of $561 million, Wu Xing Jing
The same-year decline of 63.94 per cent; the net profit of 418 million yuan, which is the same-year decline, has been reduced.
The Division ' s underperformance was mainly affected by the fact that, on the one hand, the impact of the epidemic resulted in delays in the solicitation of bids for projects across the country, with over 20 projects, over 3 billion yuan and delays, but 23 per cent of the increase in local operations in 2022, to a certain extent
The impact of the extension of large projects is being offset by a modest increase in revenue; on the other hand, the company was placed on the list of United States entities in 2019 and placed under further pressure on 7 October 2022 to adjust the process from the supply chain to the related signing of contracts.
There are delays in implementation, delivery, receipt, etc. The profit side is also affected by increased R & D inputs, with a cost of 58.74% over the period, an increase of 14.48 pcts over the same period, in which the sales cost/control has been largely completed, the second quarter is expected to be rising and high quality is expected to be achieved throughout the year.
Increased outreach and research and development of new products based on local business platforms, sustained growth fundamentals
In terms of major investments, the operational model covers 875,000 new developers based on the expansion of the field operations, 12 additional local and 2 provincial and high-level examinations for the education examination, 130 new municipal and municipal centres for cooperation in after-school services.
96 districts; development of new products including smart sports, intelligent mind raising, i-innovation teaching, intellectual health care, industrial Internet, etc.; autonomous control of core technology research and development and adaptation of national production to keep industry leaders in line with Project 2030.
First, in 2022, a cumulative 16 internationally authoritative champions were awarded, and the core technology R & D base was continuously thickened to match the home-grown software and hardware of the ai chip. Firm and high investment in R & D was $336 million in 2022, an increase of 14.28% compared to revenue.
17.83 per cent, with new investments to strengthen corporate ownership of innovation and the status of the national team of the artificial intelligence industry, providing a central driver of high-quality growth in performance throughout the year.
The company has accumulated over the years the combined power of cognitive intelligence models to develop and sustain critical technologies.
Broken and innovative capabilities, with extensive experience in the deep nervous system of the network algorithms at the core of the big cognitive model, have been widely applied to the company's voice recognition, graphic recognition, machine translation, etc., and have reached international leadership levels, and
A series of pre-training language models in Chinese have been developed in six major categories, in more than 40 general areas, with a monthly average of more than 10 million dollars in the relevant model library, and an asterisk at the Github platform, with a pre-training language model for the same category of Chinese being the first and far second.
"1" refers to the base platform for the development and efficient training programme for the universal CIG algorithms, and "n" refers to the application of CIG technology in education, medicine, human interaction, etc.
The company plans to publish on May 6 the technological results of the Big Cognitive Model, the Big Star Model, and the solutions for the education, medical, office, and vehicle sectors. The company is confident that it is in the advanced stages of technology in the development of the Big Cognitive Model in the country.
The company's overall business performance is tracked in figure 1: operating income and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: Mother ' s net profit and year-on-year increase, Figure 3: Māori rate and net interest rate changes, Figure 4: Change in cost rates for the period
Figure 6: pb-bands, figure 5: p-bands U Xinjintmt/Collaborative Research Manager
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.