The Great Starfire Model drives the "Standing Up" strategy into a new altitude on May 06, 2023. \triangleright.
\triangleright month and January 2023, a special socio-economic objective environment in which work such as project process and contract signing could not be advanced during the period, followed by spring holidays, with more large projects signed, executed, delivered, received and evaluated in one quarter
The impact of the special socio-economic environment on the company during the first quarter was short-term shocks that did not affect the company’s long-term business fundamentals. Many major milestones were realized based on steady growth in local operations.
The impact of the extension of large projects has been offset in part by the expansion of research and development inputs and platforms for \triangleright operations and the positive growth of education, health, etc.
The after-school service has reached over 300 districts, over 12,000 schools, and platform market occupancy continues to be the highest; in 2022, the sales of catai learning machines grew by more than 50 per cent and the number of down-to-door shops continued.
Smart medical practices continue to advance such business development as health care and slow-disease management. Smart cities have created new infrastructure and city-operated enabling platforms centred on “city superbs.” Smartness.
1. Quarter 2022 (002230.sz) Review: short-term pressure on performance to insist on long-term landings based on ground operations 559 ai capabilities and scenario solutions have been opened on the open platform, bringing together 3.981 million developers
Team 2022/11/01, with a total of 1646 thousand applications, links to more than 5 million ecological partners.
The performance of hardware products and communications such as i+office, i+life has grown steadily, and the Platform + track strategy has been steadily moving forward with software products such as fly-in methods, fly-heard apps.
-202/08/257.1 million units, with a cumulative volume of more than 46.1 million shipments, with annual interactions exceeding 3.04 billion and an average of 14.88 million live users. Corporate financial science and technology operations are conducted through large data modelling, smart services and smart settlements.
Quarterly: Performance meets expectations, 2.0 hits the popular protection platform created with a cumulative coverage of 42 cities, 11,05 million users, the size of the premium accumulated 4.
Continued growth, “supremely” boosted by ground-based business - \triangleright, sustained industry leadership for complex scenarios of multi-mode perception, multi-dimensional expression, etc., 2022
5. Queries from the Quest of Science (002230): cumulatively, 16 international authority champions have been awarded each year; the core technology R & D base has been continuously thickened, autonomous R & D has been developed; the market has highlighted valuation advantages, and the virtual human platform has been opened.
The new space 2022/01/07 framework for in-depth learning training and reasoning, with new advances in the adaptation of home-grown software and hardware based on the home-grown ai chip, is expected to take the lead in the direction of smart sports, intelligent mind-breeding, smart health care, clinically assisted decision-making, smart cabins, etc.
Investment proposals: Positively looking at the layout of the big model and the application of the ai, we expect that the research findings of the \triangleright methodological and analytical logic, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.