Computer q1 performance short-term pressure, and the Great Starlight model is expected to expand into the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate annual reports for 2022 and first quarter reports for 2023. Business income in 2022 q1 earned $2.89 billion a year, a decrease of 17.6 per cent compared to the previous year; major projects for the realization of parent net profits - 57.895 million were delayed in the process of signing, executing, delivering, receiving and inspection work in the first quarter of the year.
In December 2022, the "1+n" Cognitive Smart Model was launched, with additional inputs to influence current profits performance. The company was put under further pressure by the United States Department of Commerce on 7 October 2022, and after two-quarter adjustments, the current supply chain and contract signing have largely returned to normal, with revenue expected in the second quarter.
The “Starfire” model is being rolled out, with many years of accumulation into the harvest period. The company, as the National Team of Artificial Intelligents, has been building a national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence and a national engineering research centre for voice and language information processing for many years.
To build up solid accumulations in deep learning algorithms, big model technologies, big industry data, knowledge mapping, multi-model perception, systems engineering techniques, and arithmetic support. The "1+n" Cognitive Smart Model Project has achieved milestones and is scheduled to launch the Big Star Model on May 6th and will be launched simultaneously.
Solutions for sectors such as education, office, vehicle, etc. are expected not only to bring about competition in products already available to companies and significant improvements in user experience, but also to provide new opportunities for companies to participate in the re-engineering of the Internet industry with multiple applications of gbc, where data are framed as high barriers. Companies are involved in education, health, justice, office, etc.
Over the years, with scarce industry data and know-how, more than 50 tb of trade language material and more than 1 billion users interacting with each other each day can provide important support for the training and improvement of large models. For example, the company's “intellectual medical assistant” product is the only one in the industry.
In addition, the company’s large model can be embedded deep into c-products, such as enabling hearing, smart office books, and the corresponding new products are expected to be rolled out over time, opening up a space for affordable growth.
In 2023, the company will take further control of human effectiveness, with a cut-off performance of 1.002230: stable performance based on local performance.
Ken, one of the leaders of the development front (2023-01-31) Unexpected: Consumer operations are not as high as expected: smart medicine, smart cities, etc.
3. "Platform + track" (002230)
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.