The big model is about to be released in anticipation of a new wave of the ai.
• The A.I.S., maintaining the “buy-in” rating, the company's 2022 and 2023 one-quarter reports, and the company's projected launch of the Big Star model in May, which will take the lead in deep applications in the education, medical, office, vehicle, etc. industries, and we're looking forward to a new round of development opportunities.
(1) In 2022, the company achieved revenue of 18.820 billion yuan, an increase of 2.77 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the implementation and delivery of the Department of Epidemic Impacts, including over 20 projects over the fourth quarter, over 3 billion contract extensions, and the impact of fluctuations in the prices of the company's real estate financial assets (a decrease of 582 million yuan over the same period).
The company has increased its recognition of big models, which have had an impact on current profits. The Quest models are being published in the near future to meet the new wave of the ai (1)chatgpt, which continues to be hot and cognitive intelligence is approaching a period of historical opportunity for large-scale applications.
The “national team”, which has accumulated technology, has worked for years in the fields of education, medical care, government, and has a profound understanding of downstream demand, has over 50 tb industry language data and more than 1 billion users interact with each other every day, and has a significant impact on scenes and data. (2) In December 2022, the company launched the 1+n model technology offensive.
"chatgpt continues to warm up, the company grows up, and a major starfire model is planned for official release on 6 May, which will take the lead in education, medical care, office, car opportunities -- company information update report 2023.2.22
Industry depth applications, while taking the lead in products such as a learning machine, a televised hearing, etc. (3) Cognitive: "At a fast pace of growth in key industries, a sustainable eco-rich model will interact with humans (car interaction, smart customer service, intellectual medical assistants, etc.), content generation (a learning machine, etc.)
Fu-Corporate Information Update Report 2022.8.23 News, etc.), personalized services (studies, learning manuals, etc.) to empower companies at three levels, no.
By strengthening product and technology advantages, companies are expected to embrace a new round of development opportunities in the context of the wave.