The state's reckless, urities, shipping ports.
Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) 10 years round, re-launching market price (RMB): $6.25.
In the first half of the year, the market rebounded, with the scfi combined price index increasing by 61 per cent in the first half of 2017.
On the demand side, the recovery in Europe and the United States is expected to add to the changes in the structure of the trade, and the net profit of the company’s shareholders is about $1.85 billion, reversing the loss. In the second half of the year, Euro-American stock is coming back to school to boost sales in July, and Christmas Thanksgiving in September, the market is expected to continue in the short term.
Short-term supply-release pressure will slow, and up-front shipbuilding capacity will tighten in the medium term. We believe that industry transport capacity will provide signs of recovery in the short term, which will support the intensive transport market.
Five thousand-eight thousand teu capacity may be dismantled early; idle capacity will be reduced to a low point to ease the pressure on future capacity; and the pre-deep market environment will result in crowding out effects within the industry, a merger will increase concentration, the Alliance will restructure the power of a balanced union, and the potential for short-term malign price wars and scale-up is declining.
The completion of shipbuilding will be significantly reduced, and the potential for a large-scale decline in capacity and tightening of the shipbuilding plant will limit future power growth and provide strong support for improved supply and demand in the industry. The strategic acquisition of the east overseas will bring the fleet to third place in the world: mid- and long-sea control on the evening of July 25th.
A cash purchase offer from Faulknerglobal, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China and China Sea Control, and Shanghai bvi to all shareholders abroad in the East; if the acquisition is completed, the total capacity of China and China will reach 2,423,000 teu, with the city rising to 11.6 per cent and the third largest in the world; and the company can also be introduced abroad.
A team of good managers, a network of in-depth routes, optimized deployment of global resources, etc.: At the same time, the company’s short-term elasticity has increased in the event of a recovery in the transport market. It has been calculated, without taking into account the co-benefits, that the acquisition of Eastern overseas companies will increase the net profits (annualized) in 2017 by about 7.14-
The slowdown in the supply of power and the recovery of trade and structural changes have led to a recovery in the clustering market in the first half of the year; we believe that upstream shipbuilding can tighten in the future or support the mid-point of the clustering market. Corporate strategy: acquisition of the East overseas, with further elasticity in the event of a recovery in the industry; and companies projected to be 2017-
(b) Strategic aspects: completion of asset restructuring and strategic acquisition abroad in the east, and company development of new opportunities.
Asset restructuring establishes a two-wheel-drive model, and strategic acquisitions add a competitive advantage – built around “quick change, deep change,” and companies successfully complete major asset restructuring. In 2016, firms continued to deepen their internal institutional reforms, and their economies of scale and synergies continued to be released.
Through the funny integration of domestic networks and overseas companies, the Division has taken the lead by the end of the year in completing the most difficult global liner business restructuring; on the “deep transformation” front, the company combines the opportunities for business integration to further control revenue management capacity and cost-control capacity, resulting in a 6.4 per cent reduction in the cost of a single box of companies compared to the same year in 2015.
At the same time, the company undertook a major asset restructuring during the year, which was completed in September of the same year, and the owner of the company sold 100 per cent of the shares held by the middle-group to the distant-central group;
3. The Central and Far Pacific sells 100% of the shares held in Florence to the China Sea-based shipment; 4. The Central and Far Pacific shares in Hong Kong China and the China Sea-based shipment purchase 51% of the Chinese Sea-owned ports respectively.
On the other hand, the company has increased its operations with container shipping and port operations.
Inputs to establish the future two-wheel-drive business layout of the company, which in 2016 accounted for more than 98 per cent of the company ' s total revenues. With the completion of major restructuring and the establishment of a two-wheel-drive model, future trends in corporate ownership will be synergized, accompanied by the warmth of the market and company reforms.
Reorganization has brought about a significant increase in the volume of business. This reorganization of the company’s assets has significantly increased the capacity of the company’s containers and the size of its ports, with 312 of its own fleets as of the end of 2016.
The size of the company’s fleet is the fourth most important industry in the world and has been further consolidated. According to a report published by Druri, the company’s port market and competitive advantage have been raised to about 13% of the global total in terms of throughput.
First, the company docks portfolio is spread across more than 30 ports around the world, with a total annual processing capacity of 97.25 million TEUs. Moreover, the real business of the company is now also growing, with 16.9 million TEU containers in 2016, an increase of 54.4 per cent compared to the previous year; the port container throughput has reached the same level.
9.393 million TEUs, an increase of 36.79 per cent over the same period. Figure 6: Significant increase in container throughput in corporate ports in 2016. Strategic acquisition of EOI is expected to increase competitiveness further.
Controls the publication of draft major asset purchase reports, acquisition of cash offers for purchase of shares of companies with issued bids held by companies in Hong Kong through a consortium of wholly-owned offshore companies, Faulkner Global and Shanghai bvi, to Hong Kong-based companies listed on the main board, East Overseas International.
At least 430 million shares abroad (i.e. 68.7% of all international shares issued abroad) and up to 626 million shares for the overseas shares of the east. The Middle and Far Sea Controls and the East and Overseas International are the world's largest collectors, with high levels of operations at container transport terminals.
In terms of container capacity, as of June of this year, China and the Far East had a combined capacity of 1.76 million teus, accounting for 8.3 per cent, and ranked fourth in the world; to complete this asset purchase, the total tairway will reach 2,423,000 teus, raising the occupancy rate to 11.6 per cent, which will exceed the global level.
The DV is the third largest ship in the world. By specific routes, there is a high degree of similarity between the two sides, both in terms of the distribution of traffic along the routes and in terms of income structure, as well as in terms of their common maritime union, which is expected to result in a significant increase in the co-operation capabilities of the two sides. In addition, the Eastern Sea is a foreign country.
The interstate operates the US Long Dynasty container terminal and Taiwan ' s Hightower container terminal, with a total of 2.4 million tenders in 2016. Once the acquisition is complete, the operations at the Middle and Far Sea control terminal are expected to be upgraded, one step being to close the gap with competitors such as Musky in the layout of the docks.
1. Because of the difference in the statistical caliber between the two companies, the East overseas integrates transport from the European region into the Asia-Europe route, and the China-China remote sea control integrates transport from the Asian and Australian regions into the Asian and Australian region.
In a deepening context, acquisitions are conducive to a firm’s fast-tracking of global resources, contributing to corporate globalization’s strategic layout, and are important for the company’s long-term strategic configuration. Moreover, the large size of the company and the high degree of convergence of its operations will lead to significant synergies.
The company acquisition draft discloses that, under the precautionary principle, with a ratio of 2% of the synergies between the parties after the acquisition and an estimated multiplier of eight times the value of the acquisition, the amount of synergy is expected to be approximately $2,694 million. Without taking into account the synergies, we measure the revenue.
In 2016, the global container transport industry continued.
The old oversupply pattern, the China Export Container Transport Index (ccfi) and the Shanghai Container Port Port Port Combined Freight Index (scfi) were both historically low in the first half of 2016, with averages of 18.5 per cent and 10.2 per cent for the entire year falling compared to 2015, respectively.
While the company benefited from asset restructuring, its containerized operations increased by 48.83 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reflecting a downward trend in the collection of individual boxes of the company, taking into account the 54.5 per cent increase in container traffic on a year-on-year basis.
In the context of the market downturn, the company undertook major asset restructuring and reform initiatives in 2016, which had some impact on the company ' s normal operations. Under the combined effect of both, the company lost its Māori revenues in 2016.
By way of breakdown, the company container transport business suffered the greatest losses, with Māori revenue of $1.811 billion, while the company port business continued to grow robustly, achieving Māori revenue of $1.378 billion and an overall Māori loss of $706 million for the company.
In April 2016, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Handicrafts, the Long Routine Shipping Line and the Eastern Overseas Alliance for the establishment of the Ocean Alliance.
The Alliance will jointly operate 41 main east-west routes and the Middle East and Red Sea routes, with a total capacity of about 350 aircraft loading vessels, with a total capacity of 2.5 million target boxes. The Alliance’s services will be in the lead in terms of frequency, size, coverage, efficiency, etc.
Accompanied by a competitive advantage of scale, the cost-control capabilities of the members of the Alliance can be effectively enhanced. In the current round of the Alliance’s restructuring, companies have joined a maritime union that has expanded the layout of the European region to a better business profile than in the past.
• Ports – Continuing expansion of port maps to advance the global layout. Companies use the “one-way” opportunity to keep their port operations abroad open, increase investment development in overseas markets such as South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Europe, and work towards a shift from a China-based to a global layout.
The group obtained access to the Chinese port and worked with the Singapore Port Operations Group to develop Singapore ' s large container terminal; signed an agreement with the Port Group ect on the transfer of shares in the Rotterdam euromax container terminal project; and signed a concession agreement with the Abu Dhabi Port Authority to cooperate in the operation of Harry.
The number and depth of the company’s current docks are lagging behind in comparison with that of the industry’s leader, Musketeer. Research has shown that the company will invest heavily in the layout of the offshore docks in the future.
Deepening layouts and synergizing advantages is a promising long-term outlook for companies. The current round of corporate reform is taking place at a time when the industry is the least obsessed, and it helps companies to control the cost of reform and expansion. On the one hand, in low-pregnancy situations, it is important to integrate the core competitive advantages of intra-firm reform and significantly reduce operating costs.
Companies should deal with the adverse external environment; on the other hand, when they have established a two-wheel-drive business model, they actively expand, strategically acquire market voice from the East overseas, participate in the Alliance of Routes and organize their ports abroad. Given the overall downside, the company is now storing strategic assets and doing so.
Alliances have a cost advantage. As the sea as a whole improves, the company’s forward profile and business-to-business synergies will help the company to take the lead. In the long run, the company’s containerized and port-operated industries are the cornerstone of world trade, with huge market demand and long-term demand.
The outlook for long-term development will be favourable as the world economy recovers. Corporate ownership has a large and competitive advantage, overall cost control and combined competitiveness are better than their peers, and long-term prospects are to be expected.
In the first half of 2017, there was a marked improvement in the supply-demand relationship, with Euro-line performance exceeding expectations. The market situation in the Merchant Shipping Market in 2016 was particularly acute. According to a report published by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, the growth in global sea container trade in 2016 has been at a low level in recent years, with an increase of only 2.87 per cent.
The main index of the containerized maritime market was also discovered in 2016, when the country’s ccfi and scfi composite indices both reached an all-time low, reflecting the overall low level of trade.
Single-box shipping prices have fallen significantly, with the container lease rate index reaching its bottom for 16 years. Currently, world trade is concentrated between Asia, the Americas, and Europe. According to the United Nations, the world’s main trading year has seen prices fall by more than 40% in recent years.
In addition, the container ship lease rate index has also been declining. Reflecting the overall lowness, industry-wide segmentation of the chain has been subject to industry-wide depression.
Figure 18: World maritime trade share, 2015 (%) Figure 19: estimated volume of container trade by main route (millions of standard boxes) Figure 22: 2016 Shanghai-Europe transport innovation
Figure 23: Portfolio rate index for container ship chartering in 2016: significant improvement in the first half of 2017 and low innovation in the supply rate; the rebound recovery in the market in the first half of the year, as measured by the regional freight index for scfi
In the first half of 2017, the average European-line transport price increased by 61% in the first half of the year, with the highest performance being expected. On the supply side, the market as a whole increased by 0.7% in the first half of the year compared to the end of 2016, the lowest rate of supply growth in nearly a decade.
The supply side: the first half of the year has seen less innovation in the supply of power, short-term capacity to release pressure, and the ability to build ships upstream in the medium term to tighten production to provide strong support for improved supply and demand in the industry.
In terms of the rate of ship delivery and dismantling in the first half of the year, the main reasons for the lower speed of movement in the first half of the year were: (1) delivery of a total of 521,000 boxes in the first half of the year, or 2.6 per cent of the size of the fleet at the end of 2016; about 30 per cent of the 762,000 boxes in the first half of the first half of the year, as compared with the planned delivery of the orders for the beginning of each shipyard.
The orders were delivered late; in proportion to absolute value, the largest number of vessels in the range of 8,000-12000teu were delivered late, and the delivery of large vessels above 15,000+teu was in the best condition. (2) As of June 2017, the Panama Canal was extended one year later; and the expansion became operational.
The largest ship type that passed the Panama Canal rose from 5,000 to 14,000 tons, so that most of the ships with more than one Panama Canal were replaced, resulting in the dismantling of most of the 3,000 to 5,000 tons of the ship type, bringing the rate of shipbreaking to a high point in recent years during the quarter.
Figure 26: Container ship delivery in the first half of the year. In the short term, large shipwreck trends will render 5,000-8,000 teu useless and will be dismantled prematurely; idle capacity will be reduced to a low point to relieve pressure from future capacity; industry will be affected by the low market environment in the past.
The potential for short-term price wars and scale-up is declining. Shipyard completion will decline dramatically; starting in 2013, the global shipbuilding plant will be on completion schedule every year.
Large-scale losses and failures have begun to occur with a decline of only about 30 per cent in the model. We believe that the shipbuilding industry will enter the industry’s lows over the next two years, and that the large-scale decline in capacity and tightening of the shipbuilding industry will limit future power growth and provide strong support for medium-term improvements in demand and supply.
1. In the first half of the year, the supply end consisted mainly of the delivery of super-sized ships and the dismantling of small ships, and there was a clear trend towards the replacement of small ships by large ships, which created no capacity and accelerated the dismantling of small ships. With the consolidation of the major shipping companies, the original four alliances were regrouped into three major alliances (2m, oceanalliance,thealliance).
The new alliance started operating in April this year. The new alliance has not changed significantly in the distribution of routes across regions, but there have been some changes in the supply of power: after the April alliance, the Asia-United States-East has increased at a rate of 9% and Asia-Europe and the US-West has increased their capacity.
In contrast, Europe’s transport to North America/Asia to the Middle East is increasing at a less or even negative rate than the same time. Mostly, the number of newly delivered ships is large, leading to an upswing in the main line, a concentration of transport to better demand, and an indirect increase in ship utilization;
At the same time, the combined period of the Alliance’s transition has led to a loss of capacity and a contraction in the supply of power. (Asia’s route to Europe is typically a mega-ship using the standard of 9,000-19000teu, Asia’s route to the east uses 6,500-14000 teu, and Asia’s route to the west.)
8500-11000Teu standard vessels.) The container market pattern shows a trend towards large and even mega-sized ships, mainly because large ships can reduce unit teu costs (including labour, fuel consumption, etc.) and air operators are operating in low-carrying environments.
Large ships will replace large ships on the route, large replacements for medium-sized ships, and eventually small and medium-sized ships will be phased out. In the light of the current distribution of idle capacity (figure 32) and ship-type delivery (figure 26), we can see that large shipification eventually results in large ships.
The demand for the 3000-80000teu ship type has declined rapidly, with only a few of it being placed on feeder or internal trade routes, mostly useless, and 87% asiameditaneandethirm if market demand has not increased significantly in the future.
Nocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnocostnostnocostnoconocococo2.
In January, 6.5 per cent fell to 2.7 per cent in June, while idle capacity fell from 1.3 million to 53.50 million. Inactivity fell to a low point, and we believe that it was mainly for the following reasons:
As its assets were auctioned, according to Drewry, only 100,000 markers remained idle by early June 2017, and the rest began to return to the market.
After that, some of the large container ships exceeded 8,000 teu) had increased demand, were re-invested in the market, especially the main east-west route, and, owing to the large size of the re-entry vessel, the capacity limit ratio was significantly reduced.
Most ships are still relatively young, with more than 20 years of limited capacity of 11 per cent, but the bulk of those left idle are smaller than 8,000 teu, and the market trends suggest that the future demand for this type of ship will be higher than the current level.
As a general rule, return to the market is unlikely, and can be understood as ineffectual idleness, with a greater likelihood of early dismantling in the future; it is expected that in the next six months, if the demand for the route continues to be good, there will be little chance of being re-inactivated before being re-invested in the market.
The growth of the global container fleet and the growth of the total capacity of the container fleet began in 2008 as a result of crowding-out effects caused by the low environment due to the current size of idle capacity and the possibility of centralized release of power.
In response to the low market environment, fleet companies have taken a variety of measures: 1) the shipping industry warms up, and the first fleet joins two,
Three-tier enterprises: 2) actively controlling the growth of transport capacity. Shipping companies actively avoid excessive growth in capacity by reducing new ship orders, extending the delivery period of ships already scheduled, and dismantling old ships.
In the process, the two- and three-line fleets are often difficult to compete with the industry, which leads to bankruptcy or acquisition.
Increased pressure and cost-cutting, as well as active alliances between them, have increased the ability to counter risks together. Since 2015, there has been a marked increase in intra-industry M&As, which have been evidence of low levels of volatility, not only of capacity, but also of smaller, poorly run businesses.
After the formation of the new alliance, the differences in size between and within the union were gradually narrowing, and the two sides had a countervailing effect, but where one side seized the market in a vicious pattern of competition, such as price wars, the losses faced by the two sides were consistent and could eventually lead to a mutually damaging outcome, so the new alliance was formed in a way that was in line with the other side.
It is important to stabilize market prices and slow down the growth in capacity. At the same time, in the new post-industry alliance, each company owns a large ship, and the difference in numbers is not so obvious that it can help to induce members of the union to apply union prices.
4. The further tightening of new ship orders and the decline in the capacity of shipbuilding plants to limit the growth of their capacity have also had some negative effects on their upstream shipbuilding industries in the past few years due to the low level of shipping markets.
The large losses in the global market in 2016, the oversupply of the industry and the pessimistic expectations of future markets have led to a sharp decline in the volume of new shipbuilding orders so far, a 67 per cent decrease in 2016 compared to the total number of new orders in 2015, and an 85 per cent decrease in the peak of shipbuilding;
In the first half of 2017, there were only a small number of small feeder orders for 100-2999 teu, with no new orders for more than 8,000 boats. And, under the prevailing market conditions, the risk of late delivery and withdrawal increased, leading to a risk of both profit and cash flow in the shipyard.
Although the volume of new orders has declined significantly, the world ' s shipbuilding has declined by only about 30 per cent in 2013 as a result of the abundance of hand orders accumulated in previous years, and the year-on-year increase has been positive in the last two years: even so, the world ' s large shipbuilding plants began to emerge in 2014
In China, for example, the company began to enter micro-profit status in 2012, with a low degree of profit from the new ship market in 2016, combined with a low willingness on the part of shipowners to take over.
We believe that the shipbuilding industry may begin to face a significant decline in completion over the next two years, with a larger collapse and a larger merger of the industry.
The large-scale decline in capacity and tightening of the shipyards will limit future growth in capacity and provide strong support for medium-term improvements in supply and demand in the industry.
Figure 46: Net profit status of China ' s ships belonging to parent companies (millions of yuan) Demand at the end of the demand: the global economic recovery has rebounded, the structure of trade has changed, the demand outlook is good The impact of the annual financial crisis on the global economy remains, the global economy is still struggling to recover
But, on the other hand, the recovery of the global economy is accumulating internal energy and eliminating the effects of the financial crisis of 2008. In the case of containerized transport, the growth rate of global container traffic remains below that of pre-2008.
However, we believe that container traffic recovered considerably in 2017 compared to 2016. Clarkson estimates that container traffic will increase by 5% on a year-on-year basis in 2017, a significant increase from 3.9% in 2016. Considering that the external economic environment as a whole shows a positive recovery, as well as a positive recovery,
Increased industrial integration and greater concentration of industries, and we expect the container industry to be protected throughout the year Figure 49: Global container traffic volume and growth rate (million tons) Figure 50: Global container traffic and growth rate (million tons)
In the short term, the prices, the volume, and the purchasing manager's index (pmi) have risen, showing a positive economic outlook. In terms of prices, according to scfi, Shanghai-United States and Shanghai-European Union routes showed a marked increase over the same period in 2016, with the Shanghai-European Union boom showing a sharp increase.
In the first half of 2017, the volume of cargo increased significantly by 34.72% over the same period last year, with the company’s main industry showing a substantial increase in prices. 1) The maritime industry suffered a major setback in the first half of 2016, with quantitative indicators showing a significant decline.
This has led to a low base period index; (2) a good international trade momentum in 2017, providing a good external environment for industry recovery; moreover, integration within the industry is beginning to yield results, both in terms of concentration and in terms of transport controls, and in terms of providing a better in-industry environment for higher prices.
Figure 53: China’s pmi index has hit the bottom. Figure 54: The euro zone’s manufacturing pmi index has risen significantly. In the long run, major economies will have a stable future and international trade will return.
In addition, future growth in international trade is on the rebound, with eiu estimating an increase of 1.9 per cent in international trade in 2016, the lowest in recent years.
In the long term, the shift in the structure of trade will also contribute to increased demand for international transport of containers, especially back-to-back transport. For example, our trade in goods with the European Union, where our exports were previously present, is expected to continue.
With the rise in our economic power and the rise in the standard of living of our people, our imports of consumer goods from the European Union began to increase, allowing for a new growth point for returning goods, in addition to the three-fold loss.
The share of exports to China rose from about 3.5 per cent to 5-6 per cent for food beverages, and the volume of exports of food beverages to China increased by 43.5 per cent in 2015 compared to the previous year.
Structural changes are a slow process, but in the long run they will result in container traffic Figure 57: Increased share of animal products exported from the EU to China Figure 58: Increased share of food and beverage exported from the EU to China
Figure 59: Decline in the share of base metals and products exported by the European Union
On the whole, the supply of the global container shipping market has been declining, demand has been improving, and the overall supply structure of the market has been improving. On the supply end, small boats have accelerated dismantling, idle capacity has remained low, and the industry is not integrated.
At the end of the spectrum, mergers and acquisitions between firms are taking place in parallel with strategic alliances, and the crowding effect of a low environment should slow the growth of power at the supply end, with industry paying more attention to cost control; at the demand side, short-term demand is showing signs of warming, with some key reference indicators showing a downward trend, pmi index.
In the long run, the world’s major economies are emerging from the financial crisis of 08, with their future growth expected to be smooth and the growth of international trade rebounded. The improved supply structure provides a prerequisite and a solid basis for the development of the entire industry.
In the warmth period, leading firms have a more competitive advantage. On the one hand, leading firms expand through mergers, with advantages of scale, lower unit costs, more attractive markets; on the other hand, leading size, warmer industries, more resilient performance; and on the other hand, leading industries often have their own alliances in union strategies.
In the long run, stronger firms in the industry are more likely to take up market shares, while firms that combine port operations can create synergies that are more attractive than SMEs to a city-wide voice, long-term development potential and vision.
Operational aspects: assembly, co-development of wharfs to enhance competitive advantage, development of east-west backbones using the Alliance's advantage, strategic acquisition of the Eastern Overseas Uplifting advantage, joining the Alliance for the Ocean, now compared to the former Alliance for the Central and Far Transporting of Ckyhe and O3 from the Central Sea.
The European company of cma, joined by OceanalLiance, has a relatively prominent dominance on the east-west route, accounting for 34 per cent of the Asia-Europe route, 42 per cent of the trans-Pacific route, and the number of European ports with which companies can connect, filling the European plate.
There has been a marked increase in the size of the company’s operations abroad, particularly in the Pacific and Asia regions. At the same time, Eastern overseas is relatively good at the operational level, particularly in cost management, and since 2015, even with low concentrations and poor freight volumes, the market has been in a state of disarray.
However, the cost of a single box of a company has continued to decline and has decreased by more than 7 to 8 per cent in mid-ocean control Chart 63: Share of company traffic by route in 2016 (Standard Box, %) Figure 64: Share of company revenue by route in 2016 (Billions, %)
The global container shipping industry is characterized by a high degree of concentration, standardization, and homogenization among shipping firms. In this context, firms with large-scale and cost advantages will be more competitive.
On the one hand, this is determined by industry characteristics, high homogeneity competition and apparent industry cyclicality.
The synergies between the benefits of a more stable profitability of port operations are conducive to the ability of maritime companies to enhance their resilience to cycles, while the synergies between ports and maritime transport help to reduce the cost and efficiency of maritime operations.
The re-engineering of the river has made it possible for more powerful cargo ships. At present, the company has begun to invest in 9000 teu ships, which are expected to reach more than 13,000 teu ships in the future.
The company will receive 14 over-manufacturing container ships in 18 or 19 years, significantly increase the company’s capacity and reduce the company’s transport costs. Moreover, the company is building up a hub dock layout to create synergies and improve the company’s overall competitiveness.
By the end of 2016, China’s five main ports, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and overseas hubs had combined their wharfs with a strategy of expanding the port layout of the main transport industry and actively expanding overseas ports in an effort to achieve a global layout. By the end of 2016, China’s maritime ports had combined their wharfs in five major ports, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and overseas hubs.
Operating and managing 180 berths worldwide in 30 ports, 158 of which are container berths, creating synergies with the public transport of containers. According to corporate strategic planning, companies will actively advance the global wharf network layout in the future, focusing on the “one-way” dock project and the establishment of a global port.
According to research, the company is still in the negotiation phase and is expected to include more overseas ports in the future.
Chart 70: Domestic dock layout of the company The stability of the port’s performance is conducive to increasing its resilience to cycles. Beyond the synergies between port operations and container transport Port operations have a more stable performance and can effectively boost the public
The Division ' s overall resilience to cyclical risks. While port operations and container transport operations are affected by a larger global economic cycle, port operations are less affected by oil price fluctuations than corporate container operations, owing to regional monopoly advantages and lower variable costs.
According to the year’s changes in port operations, the company’s domestic container absconding in 2016 showed a largely steady increase, while the offshore port absconding showed a significant upward trend, with an increase of 36.8% compared to the previous year, and a simultaneous increase in overseas revenue. Given the company’s plan to use the “one-way” route,
With the strategic acceleration of the country’s hub ports along the border, the future expansion of offshore wharfs is expected to be a new engine for the growth of corporate port performance. Half-yearly, the report turns out to be a profit.
Based on the company’s recent announcement of a pre-performance forecast for the first half of 2017, which benefited from the warming of the container shipping market and the effects of restructuring, the company’s initial estimate of cargo volume in the first half of the year increased by 34.72% as compared with last year’s, and the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company was about
In addition, it benefited from the release of the warmth and revitalization of the market, the company’s main container transport operations and port operations.
There has been a significant simultaneous increase in business volume, with cargo volume of 4.6547 million TEUs in one quarter, representing an increase of 53.92 per cent over the same period; airline revenue of $17,107 million, an increase of 70.9 per cent over the same period; and company dock operations, a volume of 23,91.42 million TEU, an increase of 7.47 per cent over the same period.
With the global economic recovery and the recovery of international trade, the entire shipping sector is expected to rise to new opportunities, New One.
The wave cycle is expected to emerge. The company, as the leader of the container shipping industry, is expected to take the lead in leading the business through its own reforms in 2016, with a marked increase in its competitive edge and a convergence of its size and the synergies of its operations.
There has been a significant increase in demand on the European line and across the Pacific; in terms of single-box revenue, the Asia-Europe line is expected to be comparable to that of the docks: in the holding docks, the coastal wharfs of the Great China region are largely covered by companies, and no large additional docks are expected in the future, and the growth in throughput is expected to remain at the same level of growth as the economy;
At the offshore holding dock, the company currently has only one Bireves dock, which is expected to be operational in the first half of 2018, so the amount of throughput at the offshore holding docks is expected to increase considerably in 18 years. In the non-stock holding docks, the company is currently talking about multiple offshore terminals, mostly located in locations.
On the “swipe” route, it is expected that the volume of non-consumption docks will increase as a result of an increase in the number of non-consumption wharfs, with an analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final ratings will be calculated as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.