Yunnan White (000538) Pharmacy Biology Focused on the main industry, leading to a significant increase in the performance of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Discrete the impact of equity incentive costs, leading to a rapid growth in the main business. The sales cost rate of 2021h1 is 11%. The share incentive is recognized at $870 million.
The Ministry of Medicines and Greater Health has shown a remarkable performance of 26.21 billion yuan, or 41.8 per cent over the same period. The pharmaceutical industry earns $6.83 billion (+27.4 per cent) and the pharmaceutical business $12.21 billion (+20.8 per cent).
In the first six months of the year, the gas-breeding system was sold more than 100 million and doubled. The equipment was used as a platform to operate the Fertilizer Company, building the circulatory of the equipment supply chain, eye masks, scar creams, and so on.
The toothpaste is in the forefront of the market, with an increase of 1.4% in market ownership to 25.2%, with a large number of new items introduced around oral care, with a higher share of high-end toothpaste, leading to a small increase in the unit price of the overall toothpaste. The pick app is already on line, with the emergence of an integrated “white-drug model” for skin management precision service solutions.
In the first half of the year, the pharmaceutical industry has a net profit rate of 44.6% (+9.2 pp), mainly in marketing costs control, investment in Shanghai medicine, hand-held medicine to build a Chinese pharmaceutical industry union. The company intends to be a strategic investor in the current 1. Yunnan white medicine (000538), investing in Shanghai medicine, strong.
The gold formula is involved in the subscription of 666 million shares of undisclosed shares of Shanghai medicine, up to the sum of $11.29 million for development (2021-05-16).
Yunnan White (000538); q1 q1 collects an over-predicted growth of 18.02% of shares, making it the second largest shareholder after Shanghai Business. The future cloud portfolio will be in production months, and Yunnan White drug will sign a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Shanghai Medicine and Tianjin Medicine to create Cloud Sky.
Yunnan Pharmacy (000538): The country’s business has been transformed into a new China Alliance for the Revival of China’s Excellent Traditional Chinese Pharmaceutical Industry, working with the developing pharmaceutical industry.
Since the advantages of scientific research, technology, markets, capital, management, brands and so on, the focus on medicine is on the Yunnan White Pharmacy (000538).
Equity incentives guarantee performance, leading to a year-long growth in business ownership. The company introduced two periods of management equity incentives, targeting the company’s chief executive officer, granting 1.2 million options and awarding a price of 2021 net profits, which is expected to be no less than the same time the previous year.
Incentives can be achieved throughout the year, 21 times more than per cent and 20 times more than 17 times. Given that the company's four main operations continue to be good, bone wounds, the sacrificial leader is strong, and the equity incentive scheme stimulates the motivation of employees, toothpaste and new products in the area of skin protection.
No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.