The growth rate of 25q3 was positive, with international income rising at 69% at the South-West Securities Institute. Corporate revenue of q3 was on the right track, with performance turning points, and business income projected for the fourth quarter of the year being the same.
On the domestic market, despite a year-on-year decline in revenues in the previous three quarters, it was largely influenced by the high base and delays in the resumption of tenders to income recognition during the same period last year.
With the sustained recovery of bidding for medical equipment and the further digestion of pipeline stocks, the company’s domestic operations are improving at q3. On the international market, q3 growth has increased significantly, by 11.93 per cent, compared to 11.93 per cent. Among these, the European market has seen an impressive 29 per cent increase in the same year, with double-digit growth in the CIS and Central and East Africa.
• Three production lines are divided, with micro-surgery and high-end images showing remarkable performance. By branch, life information and support q3 achieved income of $2,952 million, an increase of 2.60 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of high growth of micro-surgery over 25 per cent.
Over the first three quarters of ultra-high-end ultrasound products saw a doubling of revenues and high-end strategy gains. In vitro diagnosis q3 achieved revenues of $3.634 billion, a decline of 2.81% compared to the previous year, largely influenced by the shrinking size of the domestic industry.
Automated streaming machines are moving fast, with 180 domestic loading units in the previous three quarters, which is close to last year's full-year level; International sales of more than 20 units, completing all year's assignments well in advance, laying a solid foundation for future reagents. • Sustained high R & D inputs, with several intellectual innovations falling into the ground. q3 maintains a strategic orientation of “digital intelligence”
Progress has been made with the introduction of new products, such as the Siochchi Auxiliary System for Decision-Making during the Paranoia, and the Sidi Equipment Management Information System, and the further refinement of the "Equal +it+ai" digital medical ecosystem. In the area of in vitro diagnosis, three chemical luminous reagents, e.g., high-sensitive myocardial calcium t. As of the end of the third quarter, the chemical luminoculation reagentn
In the field of medical imagery, new products such as the visual ultrasound system in the eagustex 20 series have been introduced, and high-end product matrices have been enriched. One of the most international medical instruments has been recommended for sustained attention.
:: Scenario 1: Life information and support-type operations: 25 years of local government funding constraints in the country, resulting in new hospital expansion projects
At the same time, the bidding resumed in 24/November (conduct to end-of-performance expected to be 25h2), and high-value materials such as ultrasound knives and casket collator will be released from 25. In addition, there has been a breakthrough in the offshore high-end client base, and the overseas share has been reduced by a slight decline in the price due to 25 years of increased end-of-life competition for equipment.
Assumption 2: In vitro diagnostic products: 25 years due to drig 2.0, collection, mutual recognition of test results, price reduction of test projects, and price regulation of medical services.
Assumption 3: Medical image-type products: 25 years due to local financial constraints, reduced size of special-purpose debt issued by the county
The policy stimulus that began to replace medical equipment with old ones is gradually moving to the end of performance to generate income boosts. Meanwhile, international accompanying assumption 4: The electrophysiology and vascular intervention category: the new class of goods since the company acquired Heetai’s shareholdings. The projected volume and cost control of the new items are expected to remain stable in the short term.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.