Murray Medical (300760.sz) International business growth is robust, the fourth quarter is expected to pick up faster than the second quarter is expected, and profit performance is still under pressure. The company achieved it in the first three quarters of 2025.
In comparison with the third quarter of growth, revenues will be faster than in the third quarter. The company considered the third medium-term distribution of dividends in 2025, and it is proposed that a combined gold dividend of 1,637 million be found, with a cumulative rate of 65% this year. The share of international income is more than half, and life information and support lines are returning to growth.
Income from life information and support lines was 2,952 million yuan (+2.60 per cent), of which microsurgery grew by more than 25 per cent; medical imagery line revenue was 1,689 million yuan, which was almost equal, and income from ultra-high ultrasound in the first three seasons doubled; and in vitro diagnostic line revenue was 3,634 million yuan (2.81 per cent), of which international income
ivd double-digit growth, and priority operations such as chemical luminous, biochemical, condensed blood stock continued to rise steadily, with a total of 180 domestic laboratory automated waterlines installed in the first three quarters, close to last year ' s full year.
In the subregion, 2503 domestic equipment-type operations began to recover, with a sharp contraction in the same year's harvest; 12 per cent growth in international income was observed in the same year, with European markets showing a sharp increase of more than 20 per cent in the same year, and double-digit growth was achieved in the so-called Single Union and Central and East Africa, where the share of international business income exceeded that of the previous three quarters.
Net interest rates have fallen, operating cash flows have remained healthy. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company ' s Māori ratio was 62.0%, a 96% ratio to the net profit of the parent, and it remained healthy.
Méri Medical (300760.sz) - Growth of international operations with steady growth, third-quarter country Méri Medical (3007.sz) — Rapid growth in first quarter of 2025, Méri Medical (3007.sz) — 1.4 per cent growth in international market coverage in three quarters alone
It is hoped that the digitally intelligent layout of +it+ai will redefine the global coordinates of Chinese medical devices and maintain the following: "Yo." "Mary Medical Care (3000.760.sz) - net profit from motherhood in the second quarter alone increased by 14%. In vitro." "Mary Medical Care (3000.70.sz) - "Innovation+Globalization"
Figure 1: Murray ' s Medical Business Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 2: Murray ' s Medical Seasonal Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Murray ' s Medical Mother ' s Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 5: Märry Medical Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate Change Figure 6: Four Märi Medical Cost Changes Investment Proposal: The Company is on schedule for the third quarter, and the Company expects the fourth quarter to be the second largest increase in revenue compared to the previous quarter
In vitro diagnostics operations have high potential, medical imagery is driven by high-end products, life information and support of business climates are gradually returning, seed operations such as microsurgery, cardiovasculars, etc. High-speed discharges, “equipment +it+ai” intelligence-led industries. Considering that domestic operations are still in a state of readjustment, downwards.
The intellectual layout is expected to redefine China’s global coordinates of medical devices and maintain a “better than the big city” rating. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third-party approval or influence; the author has not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.