The growth of the international market has accelerated and the rate of business growth has steadily increased.
The growth of international operations has accelerated, and the European region has performed well. Subregionally, the third quarter of the year, 1. “Mary Medical Corporations: Short-term Pressure on the Domestic Market, International Business Tables, Corporate International Operations +11.93%, faster than in the first half of the year, with the European market having the same rate.
2. The Merri Medical Corporation Review: Growth of International Support and the gradual recovery of domestic demand will continue to rise in international business as the three main lines of operation are gradually recovering and the share of central business cities is rising steadily.
“Mary Medical Corporation Review: Growth of International Business, Maintaining High R & D Life Information and Support Lines: Income of 2.952 billion yuan, + 2.60%, Inputs”, 2024.10.30
Microsurgery grew by more than 25%. The third quarter of the medical visual production line generated revenues of $1.689 billion, which is almost equal to the previous quarter, and the first three quarters of the top priority products doubled in real terms. The third quarter of the in vitro diagnostic production line generated revenues of $3.634 billion, which was equal to the previous quarter.
-2.81%, although the size of the in vitro diagnostic industry has decreased significantly, the number of priority business cities such as corporate chemistry, biochemistry, condensation, etc., has been rising steadily, with the previous three quarters of the country having 180 internal waterlines installed at levels close to last year's full year, international waterlines.
Maintenance of high R & D inputs and continuous turnover of innovative products. R & D investments in the first three quarters of the year amounted to 2,686 million yuan, representing 10.40% of operating income. In the third quarter of the year, the company launched high-sensor myocardial calcium test box, d-dipometric reagent box,
In the area of life information and support, the company has introduced the Rittsu Peripheral Decision Auxiliary System, the Rittology Management System, the 4k Three-D Fluorescent Smart Image Platform, the Sv50 Respirator and Manual.
In the field of medical imagery, the company has introduced multifunctional techniques.
New products, eagustex 20 series. New products in high-end areas are expected to lead to a recovery in the company’s long-term profitability.
(c) Market competition increases the risk: the risk of higher than anticipated aggregate prices.