Revenue is returning to positive growth, q4 is expected to accelerate repairs - 3-quarter performance rating in 2025
q3’s performance is at a turning point, and overseas operations are growing faster. The company’s revenue for the first quarter of 2025q3 is on track, and it is on track. With the gradual recovery of domestic medical procurement activities, q4’s income growth is expected to increase further than q3. The company’s Māori rate and net interest rates remain under pressure in the short term, and we believe that on the one hand it is price pressure.
Power and structure continue to drag, while the industry characteristics of the instrument before/after material consumption have temporarily slowed profits down over revenues. By region, domestic operations have recovered gradually after bottom adjustment, while international operations have continued with a strong momentum of 11.93 per cent over the previous six months (+5.39 per cent), which has increased significantly over the previous six months (+5.39 per cent).
In addition, corporate 25q3 contract liabilities and revenue recognition provide effective support; on the other hand, as corporate intelligence packages, protection and counselling, etc.
Long-term service penetration increases, deferred service obligations build up or continue to rise. Core business operations are robust, high-end and internationalized with remarkable results. A life information and support component: q3 achieves income of 2,952 million yuan (+2.60%), with micro-surgery growing by more than 25%.
International operations grew in double digits and internationalization continued to deepen, rising to 70% in the previous three quarters. 2 In vitro diagnostics: q3 achieved income of 3,634 million yuan (-2.81%) and domestic operations were affected by the shrinking size of the industry, but corporate operations such as chemical luminous, biochemical, etc. have steadily increased.
The performance was strong, with a double-digit growth, with international sales of a full-scale laboratory automated stream of water in the previous three quarters exceeding 20 sets, completing the full year ahead of schedule. 3 medical images: q3 real current revenues of $1,689 million (almost equal to the same) with high-digit growth in international operations.
The strategy has been very effective, with revenue from priority products doubled in the first three quarters of the high-end ultrasound, effectively hedged industries, and provided an important impetus for high-end market breakthroughs overseas. High R & D inputs drive innovation, with a high proportion of red-reward shareholders.
The three multi-digitally intelligent solutions of Ji-kwan, Suh Shaun, and Murray's Inspector continue to be clinically enabled, and to push out the “start-up” big model to accelerate the “equipment +it+ai” ecological layout. At the same time, the company is highly focused on shareholder returns, and the second and third medium-term profit distribution options were considered for adoption in 2025.
1. [Galactic Medicine] Company Review _Mary Medical Care (300,760): Based on investment advice: Murray is the leading provider of the country’s most productive and marketed medical equipment, high end
Continued repair of the camp environment, high performance certainty _ 20250830, diversification, and a globalized development strategy that enables companies to grow into global leaders in medical equipment.
Overseas operations will be an important driver of corporate growth during the year. Consider 2025q3 performance repairs, but let's do 3.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Monxie, a Master of Quantities in Finance from the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical sector. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.