Murray Medical Care (300,760) Closed yesterday: 215.04 Murray Medical Care: The arrival of the pick-up point and the steady growth of the overseas market
International markets continue to face challenges arising from the changing macro-environment and geopolitical conflicts, but they have benefited from sustained breakthroughs by high-end overseas client groups and the gradual development of localized platforms for capacity-building.
Improved and balanced distribution of global income across major regions, with corporate international operations growing by 12% in the third quarter of the year, compared with the growth observed in the first half of the year, with European markets performing at a sharper rate than in the other half of the year, and double-digit growth in the CIS and Central and Eastern Africa.
The share of corporate income has exceeded half, with 28 per cent of in vitro diagnosis, trends in international animal medicine stock/flow (billion shares) and a steady rise in the share of high-end clients in the income structure and profit from international operations
On the domestic market, thanks to the resumption of bidding for medical equipment in the first half of the year, domestic equipment-type operations began to recover in the third quarter, with a markedly narrow drop in revenues. More importantly, firms maintain a leading market position and a high-win position in many areas of niche products.
The creation of “equipment plusit+ai” ecosystem advantages will be of unique value for future intelligent hospital construction and medical protection.
On the verge of turning in, >--2025-09-03 < < Miles Medical Post Assessment Report: High-speed overseas increase in life information and support, gradual recovery of medical video operations and temporary pressure on in vitro diagnosis. ]
The third quarter of the in vitro diagnostic production line achieved revenues of $3.634 billion, a decrease of 2.81 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the international in vitro diagnostic production line by double digits over the same period, and the previous three quarters with the share of international income in that production < < Miri Medical Point Assessment Report: International Business Maintenance >
The share has reached 37%. Life information and support line income of 2,952 million yuan in the third quarter of the year, compared to the high rate of growth, which is expected to be followed by domestic business growth, and double-digit growth, with the share of international income in the previous three quarters rising further to that level.
70%. The third quarter of the medical video production line achieved revenues of $1,689 million, which is almost equal to the previous, with an increase in the international medical image production line in high digits, a 61% increase in international income in the previous three quarters, and a doubling of income in the first three quarters of the high priority products.
The cost of sales, management costs, R&D costs, and the cost of research and development.
Murray Medical Care: The pick-up point is on schedule, the overseas market is growing steadily The distribution rate, the financial cost rate, the overall net interest rate is 62.48 per cent, 14.42 per cent, 4.01 per cent, Murray Medical Care: the pick-up point is on schedule and the overseas market is growing steadily
Murray Medical: The pick-up point is on schedule and the overseas market is growing steadily.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make an investment decision on their own.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.