Murray Medical (300760.ch): 3q25 earnings are on track to a positive pace, and there is a short-term pressure to go down to stock and ivd.
The company ' s revenue of 3q25 is on track to increase at the same rate, with a narrow decline in domestic business revenue, relatively robust international business performance, and a moderate increase in revenue. The company ' s initial estimate of 4q25 revenue will increase at a similar rate of 3q25 and a similar increase, but taking into account the public.
The Division still has some short-term pressure on inventory and vd volume prices, and we expect to benefit from the low base during the same period last year to a certain extent from the increase in the rate of increase. A portion of the bid for equipment over the year will be delivered and revenue will be confirmed next year, and we expect the company's income and net revenue in 2026.
The income growth rate of 3q25 was positive on a year-on-year basis, with a narrow fall in net profit: 3q25 yuan, RMB 9.1 billion (year-on-year + 1.5 per cent) and a net profit of 2.5 billion yuan (year-on-year + 17.8 per cent); the proposed speed of 1h25, with Europe + 29 per cent and CIS and East and Central Africa + 18 per cent.
(ii) Classification: 1) vd income of the same to 3 per cent, domestic operations continue to be affected by reagent collection prices and drg/dip policy advances leading to lower detection levels for some of the testing projects; international operations are relatively robust, with an 11 per cent increase in the same year; 2) vital information and support/medical film
Revenue reflects a sharp contraction in domestic revenues of both blocks of 3q25, with countries facing short-term pressure to digest equipment-type inventory and vd volume prices. The company is still digesting equipment-type product-based inventory, which it expects will be almost finished by the end of 2025.
In response to the continuing decline in stock and ivd prices, we expect 4q25 revenue to increase on a par, as companies adjust their domestic prices for some of the products in order to secure their share in the domestic market, adding up the 4q profit margin, which is usually the lowest throughout the year, and we expect to return to the net home for the entire year.
The same-year growth rate is on track, and the 4q25 growth is expected to accelerate, but to some extent has benefited from the low base effect of the same period last year, with 4q25 companies still under pressure to move to stock and ivd prices, and we expect a recovery in income and net profit growth in 2026 to be more pronounced.
• Investment risk: equipment upgrades are less profitable than expected, capture policy risks, industry restructuring impacts Sustained, medical new infrastructure slow down, geopolitical impacts.
Figure 2: Merrill's operating income and changes in the same ratio
Figure 5: Märi's Mäori Rate & Non-Mother Interest Rate
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]