The growth rate of revenue growth shows that net corporate interest income in 2021 was relatively robust, with non-interest income of yoy + 51.5 per cent, of which the net fees revenue was yoy + 30.3 per cent, mainly due to growth in agency income, reflecting the accelerated release of the company's wealth management profile in terms of performance.
The rate of growth of revenue and profits on a year-on-year basis remains high, while other non-interest income is subject to a certain cyclical fluctuations, while net interest income and the rate of increase in the middle-ring ratio are significantly higher.
+4.0pc, in which loans reflect the region’s strong demand for financing, as reflected in the interest-rate increase on Mr. Merit’s asset 5.2pct. By split, loans and financial investment have contributed mainly to the increase. The recovery in the rate of expansion has had a significant impact on performance, contributing 22.9 pct to the net profit increase.
Bank Ningbo: high performance, expansionary strength - in 2021, a single-season net interest rate fell slightly and remained stable. Corporate net interest differentials were narrowed by 12 bp compared to 21h1, and 21q4 was disturbed by rising personal storage costs.
The low-cost debt of development has been deposited, and the cost of the company’s interest-bearing debt is expected to fall gradually, supporting net interest differentials at 1bp, and maintaining a high level of excellence. In terms of advanced indicators, the quality of the company’s assets remains unchanged.
Investment recommendations: strong expansion, steady spreads, clean reporting, high performance, high-visibility earnings; rebound in expansion and return to credit, with a steady net spread; assets \triangleright
1 Performance is high, no-interest income is bright, revenue is high and profits continue to rise. In 2021, corporate revenue grew by 28.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, roughly at the same rate as 21q3; net return profits increased by 29.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis by 29.9 per cent compared to the 21q3 ring ratio + 2.9 pct, rising by season throughout the year.
Increased performance was highlighted. The pull effect of this upturn; the net fee income from non-interest income (hereinafter referred to as “medium collection”) increased by 30.3% over the year, and the ring increased by 24.4 pct significantly, mainly as a result of the growth in agent income and its contribution to the increase throughout the year.
Amounted to 92.6%, reflecting the accelerated release of the company's wealth management layout; other non-profits, revenue and profit increases remained high on a single season. 21q4 battalion yields increased by 28.1% on a year-on-year basis, ring ratio -6.7 pt, net profit on a year-on-year basis by 38.6% on a year-on-year basis, ring ratio -1 ptt.
At the end of 2021, there was a net increase of $42.9 billion in public loans, mainly in manufacturing, leasing business services, and wholesale retailing; and six months of individual loans.
A net increase of $24 billion, mainly for consumption and business loans, and an increase in the return on good loans; a six-month increase in financial investment of $10.6 billion, mainly due to growth in investment in other creditors. A rebound in expansion has had a significant impact on performance.
The core drivers of profit growth contribute 22.9 pct to net profit growth. Figure 7: Ningpo Bank ' s net profit growth by 2021 was dismantled with a slight drop in net interest for the three seasons and no change to a steady trend
10bp, the interest-bearing liability cost ratio ring ratio +3bp, together leads to a narrower net rate-rate spread than harvest, with asset-end effects more pronounced. As asset expansion returns to credit, asset-end yields are expected to rebound steadily.
The interest-bearing debt ratio is expected to fall gradually as the cost of a person's deposit returns to normal, and as low-cost liabilities from wealth management progresses, the cost of a company's interest-bearing liability is expected to fall.4 The quality of assets remains excellent.
At the end of 2021, the company ' s poor rate increased, but it dropped by 9bp from the beginning of the year to the end of the year, with the company ' s asset quality declining by 21h1 compared to 2bp, and the company ' s asset quality trend moving towards better performance, with a sharp increase in non-interest income; the rate of expansion rebounded and returned to credit, with a steady net difference in capital;
1) Macroeconomic slowdown: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the pace of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure, the demand for credit from the population and enterprises is weak and the expansion of the sector slows down. 2) Wealth management is not growing as well as expected: financial development is due to market volatility and increased competition
3) Credit risk exposures: region-specific industries are affected by internal and external factors, risk exposures are concentrated, leading to findings of public inquiry methods and analytical logic, independent and objective production of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.