Special electrician Volculators slightly outpaced expectations, with a significant increase in the rate of Māori for new energy sources The company released its mid-2017 report, generating business income of $18.027 billion, an increase of 0.54 per cent over the same period.
Corporate performance meets expectations. The growth in corporate transformer operations is slightly higher than expected, the rate of Maori in new energy operations has increased significantly, and it is expected that overseas epc will focus on revenue recognition in the second half of the year, leading to sustained growth in corporate performance.
9859 million yuan, representing an increase of 6.94 per cent and an increase of 20.70 per cent; a net return of 748 million yuan and a slightly higher than expected increase in transformer operations, which underpins overall performance: in the first half of the year, corporate transformer operations achieved an operating income of 4,901 million, an increase of 16.78 per cent, a slightly higher than anticipated increase in corporate performance.
A significant increase in the Māori rate of new energy operations and improved profitability of companies: the same increase of 2.67 per cent, Māori rate of 30.06 per cent, an increase of 7.75 percentage points from the same year, was due mainly to the tight supply of and demand for polysilica in the first half of the year, the significant increase in corporate sales and the strengthening of cost management for new energy operations
The increase in the Māori rate of the new energy business has significantly increased the profitability of the company, with the combined Māori rate rising by 4 percentage points over the same period. The transmission package is expected to focus on revenue recognition in the second half of the year: the company's power supply package.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to focus on revenue recognition, leading to sustained growth in corporate performance. Investment in electricity has increased at a slower rate than expected, and construction of overseas transmission packages has progressed at a lower rate than expected.
Qualified for portfolio advisory business, Shen Seok*
A slightly higher than anticipated rate of growth in transformers, and a significant increase in the Maori rate of new energy operations: in the first half of 2017, public-division transformers achieved operating income of $4,901 million, an increase of 16.78 per cent over the same period, which was an important support for the growth in corporate performance, mainly due to the release of company transformers ' original orders and the company ' s active start-up of new business;
In the energy industry and related projects, operating revenues were 4,775 million, an increase of 2.67 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate was 30.06 per cent, an increase of 7.75 percentage points in the same year. The increase in Māori rate was mainly due to a higher supply of crystalline silicon in the first half of the year, higher sales of crystalline silicon and better cost control. New energy operations accounted for 26.52 per cent of the company ' s operating income.
The significant increase in the Māori rate has increased the profitability of the company. The revenue from the transmission package was 2,371 million, a decline of 28.60 per cent compared with the previous year, mainly because of the slower than expected start of work, which is expected to result in an increase in corporate performance as confirmed in the collection of orders in the second half of the year.
The increase in profitability and exchange rate fluctuations led to an increase in financial costs: the level of corporate Maori in the first half of 2017 The significant improvement in profitability was due mainly to a significant increase of more than 7 percentage points in the company ' s largest new energy industry and ancillary engineering operations. The cost for the first half of 2017 was 11.06 per cent, up from the same period.
0.36 percentage points, due mainly to a 0.9 percentage point increase in the company ' s financial costs over the same period due to exchange rate fluctuations.
The growth of 392.14 per cent is due mainly to the company's enhanced management of accounts receivable and a significant increase in the return received; the net outflow of investment cash flows of $3.107 billion, a significant increase over the same period in the previous year, mainly in fixed assets of the company, owing to the availability of equity funds and the issuance of long-term debt; and the firm's good cash flow and robust operations.
August 29th, 2017. Special electrician.