Māori uplifting overseas operations that support profit growth ready to roll out Special Electricians (600089) □ Investing in new projects + management to strengthen Māori significantly higher rates
In the first half of the year, the company’s revenue was almost equal to that of the same period. In the specific business block, the transformer product grew by 16.78%, electricity costs increased by 131.23% from the 150mw light-voltage plant in the southeastern part of Hami, which was held, and coal products benefited from the restructuring of the coal industry.
The total increase was 56.29 per cent, compared to the 28.60 per cent decrease in the volume of trade due to the fact that the new project had not yet started on a large scale. The supply of the multi-crystal silicon industry increased demand in the first half of the year, and the company increased cost controls in the new energy industry and in the transmission package, resulting in an increase in the Māori rate, respectively.
7.75 pcts and 5.85 pcts, photovoltaic power grid-connected, which resulted in an increase of 45.74 pcts in the cost of electricity, with an overall increase of 4.1 pcts to 23.33% as an important driver of net profit growth in the first half of the year. Sales costs and management costs decreased as a percentage of revenue, but financial costs were due to the fact that
Exchange rate fluctuations have increased by almost one pct. Cash flows from operating activities have improved significantly as a result of enhanced corporate management of receivables.
In the first half of the year, the power transmission package was inactive, and the newly signed project has not yet started on a large scale. In late 2016, the company’s international system integration operation was contracted for more than $5 billion, with sufficient project reserves, and its performance is expected to be released in recent years.
In the first half of the year, the company completed the allocation and the equity share was used to supplement the company’s IBS operating funds, to strengthen the company’s financial capacity and to provide a strong support for the further expansion of the overseas market at a later stage.
On the other hand, there is a guarantee of stability, given the pre-optimal construction entry-in-order release period. Wu Haibin □ multi-crystal silicon line re-engineering completed to meet industry demand growth
Distributed photovoltaic power plants increased at a 2.9-fold rate in the first half of the year, while more recently, the sum of the additional installed capacity of 21gw per year was added to the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The plan has been expanded, taking into account the fact that the photovoltaic subsidies in 2018 were not adjusted, and that in the last two years, the photovoltaic industry, Xu Chengqing morning, is expected to see steady growth guaranteed. The company completed 30,000 tons/year of multi-crystal silicon remodelling in the first half of the year.
The project, which builds on the integration of “coal-electric silicon” and has comprehensive energy solutions such as power station set-up, construction, commissioning and transport, is at the forefront of the global photovoltaic power station epc, and is struggling with industry growth.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.