Postal Bank (601658.sh): Resistence rate spreads are strong and asset quality remains robust
In the first half of the year 2024, the Postal Bank issued a semi-annual report of $176.790 billion in corporate revenues. The Bank is located in the service of the Three Farmers, urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises and is committed to serving the most dynamic clients of China's economic transformation.
The business has excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and is led by China.
First large retail commercial banks. In the face of a promising period of strategic opportunity for economic and social development in China, the Bank will pursue further developments.
The concept of comprehensive deepening of innovation for change, accelerating the transformation of “specialization, integration, lightization, digitization, intensification” and sustained improvement in the quality of the economy of the service entities and in efforts to improve the clientele of the service
The marginality of the 24h1 profit growth loop is slightly lower than the 24q1, of which the marginal contribution is enhanced by the ability to build trust, distinctiveness, robustness, and reduced negative impact of cost; the marginality contribution is reduced by the fact that growth in size is weakening, not increasing.
Security, innovation-driven, high-value, large retail businesses,1 deceleration of scale, small interest spreads, and net interest income has remained positive at year-on-year rates. 24h1 net interest income from the Postal Bank +1.8 per cent of year-on-year income has decreased by 1.3 pct. due mainly to size.
At the end of June, interest-bearing assets, loans and loans increased by 14.96 per cent and 8.78 per cent, respectively, and public investment was better than retail, with absolute increases above comparable levels for the industry as a whole.
The industry and the wholesale and retail trade, which accounted for 41.4 per cent, 17.4 per cent, and 14.6 per cent of the new public loans in the first half of the year, respectively, recorded positive growth in mortgage lending in the first half of the year, which was better than that of other state-owned majors.
Weaknesses, especially in the context of the overall weak demand for retail credit, contribute to a faster scale of support and are at a lower level of peer participation. Further splits its assets and liabilities at both ends of the scale: mainly due to a drop in the cost of its liabilities. (1) The asset rate of return is 16bp lower than in the previous year, a decline comparable to that of its partner.
The cost rate decreased by 6bp compared to the previous year, a decrease of 1.48% compared to the previous year, a decrease of 5bp compared to the previous year; the average balance of deposits represented 96.7% of the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities, an increase of 1 pc compared to the previous year, and the optimization of the liability structure and the release of interest-relief effects from deposits contributed to a decrease in the cost of the liability.
2. The middle-income reduction was narrow, while other non-interest-bearing income increased slightly. 24h1 net income from the post bank charges and commissions was 16.7 per cent, a decrease that was larger in the State sector: the ring was less than 1.5 pt than the 24q1 harvest.
In addition, the financial and intellectual capital of the East,3 the quality of the assets, the maintenance of excellence in the provision, the negative decline in public real estate and the rise in poor operating loans.
At the end of June, the rate of badness in the Postal Bank was 0.84 per cent, a decline of 1 bp over the ring; the concern was 0.83 per cent, with an overdue rate of 1.06 per cent, an increase of 14 bp, 15 bp from the beginning of the year. 24h1 plus write-off negative production rate of 0.63 per cent, an increase of 10 bp from the previous year ' s full year, mainly related to poor retail lending.
See, at the end of June, the rate of non-performing individual loans was 1.14 per cent, an increase of 2 bp from the end of the previous year. Mostly, the rate of non-performing loans rose from 15 bp to 1.88 per cent. The trend in retail non-performing stages is similar to that in the industry. The overall improvement in the quality of public loans was 0.54 per cent, a decrease of 1 bp from the end of the previous year.
Less, the quality of public and other sector assets is stable, and the quality of public loan assets is expected to remain generally stable. Adverse retail trends are to be observed, and are expected to improve further with economic stability.
Investment recommendations: Retail banks are distinct, accelerating the construction of five different growth poles. The Postal Bank relies on a “self-employed-agent” business model, with nearly 40,000 outlets, leading in number and deep down, and setting their firm customer base and liability advantages.
Farming the three farmers, small and inclusive, accelerates the construction of the five differential growth poles. Combined with the high growth performance of the first half of the year, the state-owned industry maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Postal Bank 1h24, net profit ratio - 0.1%, -1.5%. Figure 2: Reserve Bank single-quarter revenue, pop, net profit rate increase. Figure 3: Postal Bank 1q24, 1h24 performance split.
Figure 5: Postal Bank 1h24 net interest difference of 1.91 per cent and ring decline of 1bp Source of Eastern Finance and Leapery (601658.sh): Net interest differentials are more resilient and asset quality remains robust — semi-annual review in 2024
Figure 6: Postal Bank Bad Rates at the end of June, Focus Ratio -1bp, +10bp Source of Eastern Finance and Excellence
Postal Bank (601658.sh): Net interest spreads are more resilient and asset quality remains robust - semi-annual review in 2024, the source of financial prosperity in the East
There's a direct or indirect connection between the idea and the idea of the future.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the Post Office Bank (601658.sh): The net rate difference is strong and the quality of the assets remains robust - the semi-annual 2024 assessment certificate does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report on the content of the report in an objective and fair manner, but the points of view in the text,
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute an offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide services related to investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.