Postal banks reported in 2024 that the scale of their contribution to public loans is Xiaohui Zhang Xiaohui's assets have increased by 8.5% over the year, mainly as a result of the growth in public loans.
At 16.4 trillion yuan, an increase of 8.5 per cent over the previous year, the growth rate was lower than at the end of the previous year. Loans grew by 10.7 per cent over the same year, with 15 per cent for public loans and a major contribution increase in the size of loans.
At the retail level, the Postal Bank has continued to increase its focus on rural revitalization by trillion yuan, an increase of $142.8 billion, or 10.26 per cent, compared to the end of the year, and interest income on microcredit.
In the three agricultural areas, the Postal Bank has responded positively to the strategy of rural revitalization, focusing on industrial and rural villages and population villages, to promote credit-village networking and deep cultivation.
At the end of the first half of the year, the net difference was 1.91 per cent, compared with 1 bp at the end of q1, which was two basis points lower than the same period last year, mainly in the industry.
In the context of falling interest differentials, there is a pressure to reduce interest differentials and income profits. The return on interest-producing assets in the first half of the year was 3.4%, which is a drag on 23bp in comparison with the same period last year. The cost of deposits continued to decline, with 1.48% in the first half of the year, down 6bp in comparison with the same period last year.
Banks continue to optimize their value deposit development mechanisms and promote the optimization of the debt variety, duration, and interest rate structure. Postal banks continue their wealth management operations and build up a system of all-round private-sector operations.
In the first half of the year, the deposit agent fee, which accounts for operating expenses, was $60,860 million, an increase of 8.53% over the same year, mainly due to the increase in savings-driven costs associated with the absorption of deposits by the proxy point.
In 2022, the Poster made a passive adjustment to the slotting rate for savings agent fees, with some cost savings. As the interest rate for bank deposits is lowered, future savings agent rates are expected to hold.
Poor rates continue to improve the rate of non-performing loan generation compared to the previous year’s year’s peak of 1 bp. Postal banks have poor rates, asset expansion is strong and asset quality continues to improve.
At the end of the first half of the year, the rate was 0.84%, compared to 1 bp at the end of the previous year, or q1. The rate of non-performing loans was 0.74%, compared to 11 bp at the end of the previous year.
Sinda Securities Inc. dropped to 325.6%, with a steady decline in the negative indicators.
Level I capital adequacy rate, level I capital adequacy rate, capital adequacy rate of 9.28 per cent, 11.60 per cent, Beijing, west town area.
Improved and better stocking capacity. The poor rate is excellent, the overall quality of assets is robust, and the risk countervailing capacity is high.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.