Improved, one-season revenue growth: On October 29, the Episcopal Bank published the 3rd Quarterly 2020. The Episode Bank was established in August 1988, with its head office located in Fukuk, before the first three quarters of the year.
At the beginning of the year, there was an increase of 6.6 per cent; the negative rate was 1.47 per cent, with a flat ring ratio; and the provision coverage was 211.7 per cent, with the capital of Fukuzhou City in the province, one of the first commercial banks of the stock system to be established with the approval of the State Council and the People's Bank of China.
Net other non-interest income for the 3q20 season decreased by 44.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, or was associated with a reduction in the return on bond-related transactional financial assets owing to market interest rate fluctuations. Net profit for the 3q20 quarter increased by 1.3 per cent, with an increase of 2q20, credit placement met expectations and retail credit lending continued to recover.
One billion, or 12.3 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, credit delivery was largely as expected. In this context, retail lending continued to recover, benefiting from a steady return on assets and lower cost of liabilities, and an improved net-rate spread.
At the end of September, the balance of non-performing loans rose by 11 bp to 1.89%, and write-offs and new failures increased considerably in the three quarters. Prior to our judgement that the pressure on retail outlets was bad or had eased over time, the quality of public-end lending assets continued to require attention.
From the point of view of the provision, the company is now well-funded, with a 3q20 coverage of 211.7 per cent, the loan allocation ratio investment proposal is actively pursued and its strategic effectiveness is appreciated in the broader context of the shift from indirect financing to indirect + direct financing integrated services for public and private financial services.
S1480197002 Actively promoting the comptoir + investment strategy with a strategic, forward-looking and long-term perspective. Considering the institutional aspects of corporate mechanisms with a high level of fielding and strategic implementation, keeping in mind corporate strategic advances and a strong client base that brings profitability.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Wigendry
Figure 2: Growth in the performance of the Brethren Bank in a single season on a year-on-year basis, Figure 3: Breaking down the performance of the Brethren Bank in 1h20 and 3q20 years.
Figure 4: Measuring the first three quarters of the boom bank net difference of 2.01 per cent, a ring increase of 8bp figure 5: at the end of September, the share of bank loans increased to 42.56 per cent, and figure 6: the ratio of interest-bearing assets of the boom bank remained stable at the same rate as the previous three quarters
Figure 8: Small decline in bank provision coverage, loan allocation ratio, figure 7: Unperforming bank ratio, concern for 2bp rise in ring ratio, source of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Co. reported that the booming bank (601166): the net profit margin has improved to achieve a one-season profit growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The financial boom in the east, the booming bank (601166): the net profit margin has improved, one season is growing, the financial boom in the east is growing.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities reported that the booming bank (601166): the net profit margin has improved and a single-season profit growth has been achieved.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.