The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies has a strong long-term value, focusing on the q4 performance elasticity, the impact of the q3 priority mix and the late broadcast of the show on the eve of the National Day, the Internet video business and the new media.
The growth in income from the production of recreational content is expected to slow to a certain extent. Seasonal cyclically, long videos are at an intermediate level. In 2019, the content was more regulated, affecting the variety of video platforms and the production of dramas. According to our statistics, evangelical videos, eccentrics and mangotv are playing in q3
I mean, how do you get a 30-45% drop in the whole front desk, and a 80-per-cent drop in the top-down, and a 20-per-cent drop in the top-down and a 80-per-cent drop in the top-down in the hot-breathing front desk of E-I-A-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T?
2. The advantage of Quality Internet Video Platforms highlights the decline in red, while Mangotv is still growing by about 20%.
Q3 revenues may have increased or slowed in 2019. Corporate investment in technology research and development is increasing and new business is expanding, and we expect q3 sales costs.
There may be some improvement in rates and R & D costs. The content and forms of entertainment on the Internet are changing rapidly, the speed of rotation is accelerating, and companies are not moving too far on technological innovation and expanding their new business.
In the long term, the company still has a strong advantage, focusing on the release of the company ' s 2019 q4 episode and the release of its multi-cultural reserves, and the marketing model of the ad that combines the effects is expected to be fully rolled out in 2019 q4 or 2020 q1. At q4, mangotv is expected to be on board.
The lines include some 11 homemade art such as Star Detective 5, wife's romantic trip 3, Wild Kitchen 2, and eight home-made dramas including Crocodile and Toothmark Birds. The company continued to add codes to the series in 2019 and is expected to catch up in 2020 and is expected to do so in 2020.
The company’s newly launched kol-carried “Damang Project” has been steadily moving forward.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment