q4 headline concentration, q4 headline-driven Chang Qiang Wai incident: $8.32 billion in operating income achieved by companies in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 14.63 per cent over the same period.
The net return to the mother is 975 million yuan, representing an increase of 19.92 per cent over the same period, the net profit not attributable to the mother is 955 million yuan, and the net profit realized by the new consolidated subsidiary from January to June 18 years is recorded as a non-recurring gain or loss; of this, o3 is achieved by the delayed impact of scheduling such as focused polycrystry programmes and increased investment in new technologies, and q3 performance is under pressure.
The decline in corporate performance in the single quarter is due mainly to: (a) the fact that the multi-cultural programme " Wives ' Romantic Travel 3 " , which focuses on profit, was delayed to q4 because of the special timing of the third quarter of this year; and (b) increased investment in technology development and new business layouts. The q3 Māori rate was 31.14 per cent, compared to 13.95 ptt;
Cost control was good, with 23.38 per cent (same as 8 pct) for the total q3 period, of which the cost of sales was mainly due to the unsettled sales of the film and advertising; intangible assets of $4,226 million, an increase of 47.95 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly from new media platforms for video shows and comprehensive art programmes
Millions of yuan, the improvement is evident, mainly through enhanced sales recovery and rational planning of film and film funding. 1 4 q4 q4 headlines are expected to boost the collection, Mango Supermomentation (300413): h1
The company is inherently driven by "precision" and "mango solo" is the pre-emptive advantage, performance is at the upper limit of the forecast, the home-made content matrix "quality selection" is the extension path, and the troika is moving in step, forming the end of the access to the good content.
q4 is expected to be on the line. q4 is expected to be on the line. q4 is expected to be on the line. q4 is expected to be on the line. q4 is expected to be on the line.
2 Mango Supermoment (300413): The New Media, The New Media, The Singer, and others.
A number of high-profile dramas, such as the Chamber of Commerce, The Band-Aids, and the others. The Platform’s strategy is expected to move forward on a continuous basis. 2019-04-30 rates are still far from the ceiling, and differential competition makes advertising more efficient than other video platforms.
Membership growth is over-expected, and content+platforms continue to build on the new business layout, opening up space for content diversification operations. 19q3 has expanded the new strategy to keep moving forward.
Technology R & D and new business expansion have developed forward-looking strategic layouts for big screen operations, 5g, vr, and ar technologies, with the introduction of capital transfer as the second largest shareholder in the company in May 19 in terms of channels and content, and deep convergence with China in the application of new technologies.
The 5-g-era living room scenes and big screen flows are expected to be new market growth points, with companies holding license plates and the advantage of collaborative channels, which are expected to lead the way in a new round of channel changes. The layout is becoming more complete, looking at the prospects for corporate development, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board