Short-term performance fluctuations do not change the value of long-term investments due to three quarters of the impact of the broadcasting cycle The Mango super-media performance forecast for the third quarter of 2019 The company issued a three-quarter performance forecast on 14 October: net profit returns of $95 to $1.02 billion in the first three quarters of 2019
Euros, 16.9 ~ 25.5 per cent more than last year; single q3 net profit of 150 ~ 220 million yuan, followed by a delay in the broadcast of the same video programme; and 2. Increased investment in technology development and new business layout.
For membership: It is expected that the increase in the number of paid members in the third quarter will be slower than in the first half of the year. According to the Erie number, mangotv has a certain degree of absconding in the platoon strategy, which is expected to result in a slightly lower rate of payments in the third quarter than in the first half of the year.
For advertising: The increase in advertising in the three quarters affected by the season is expected to be lower than in the first half of the year, but it is expected that the company will still have a better overall offer than the industry average.
As for Mango homemade tv blends, 19q3 on " Daughters in Love 2 " , " Good Manhood 2 " , " Dream 2 " , 6/4/1/1 on the number of advertisers, and the same period last year, " Wife 1 " , " World of Courage " , 7/6 on the number; and " Chinese Restaurant 3 " on " 19q3 on the basis of " Hunan Watch " ,
The number of advertisers in My House 2 was 7/4/4 respectively, while the number of advertisers in My Family 2 and My Boy City was 11/2/8 in the same period last year, while the number of home-made and Hunan Wei's viewers was slightly lower than last year.
For q3 show content: there has been a slight decrease in the number of q3 hot shows and an increase in the number of hot-breeders. According to Yeon data, there are four fewer copies; for Mango, there are 11 (four Hunan + four homemade + three outsiders) in thermostill 30, up from four last year (five Hunan + two).
1. Mango Supermix (300413) 2019 semi-annual report.
Multiple S-level polymagnesiums are on the line, and it is also expected that the South Smoking Book, " Crocodile and Toothmark Birds" and other heavy-pound dramas will be evaluated: net return profits are increasing at the rate expected, Internet and video operations continue to grow at a high rate.
After the year's rollout, it is hoped that the year 2020 will be the year of the harvest, with the Mangang project focusing on the new trend in the red kol belt. 2. Mango super-magnetism (300413) depth report: Homemade advantages are expected to drive the growth of advertising over the long term, and the 5g era imagine a huge amount of space to work with mobile strategies.
Obviously, the Mango super-magnetized bypass road serves as a scarce content platform, while the Hunan guard has the natural advantage of giving Mango super-molecer ads less than we expected; and the drama-multicultural content is not as high as it is expected.
Table 2: Comparison of Mongo tv homemade and Hunan Watch-produced Multi-Multicultural Merchant Top 50, 2018q3 and 2019q3, Summary of corporate financial statement data projections Authors with qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and assurance that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,