Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center, looking at the four-quarter focus release, sustained growth, company business income in the first three quarters of 2019 was $8.232 billion.
The company ' s revenue for the third quarter of 2019 was 2,728 million yuan, or 24.2 per cent more than the previous quarter; the mother ' s net profit was 171 million yuan, or 28.8 per cent less than the previous year.
6.5 pct. The decline in profit levels in a single quarter is due mainly to the fact that the growth rate of revenue has been somewhat delayed by the growth of the focus series and the spread of the polycrystry. Moreover, the company is still actively developing new business, especially for Shadow 2.
As of 30 September 2019, corporate intangible assets were 3. The advantage of a high-quality Internet video platform was highlighted, with $4.26 billion in red, an increase of 48 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
4. The “multicultural advantage” has grown stronger, and development has continued to improve - the third quarter of 2019, the first quarter of the first quarter of 2019, the long-term development advantage of the company, and the continuing content. Investment and business innovation may also help the company to develop a more step-by-step approach.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, and in 2020, there was plenty of room for future development. “Mangotv is gaining momentum, keeping an eye on — Man” after mid-October 2019, the company’s new rhythm accelerated, especially in the show.
You, the first love of that little thing, the seagulls, the rain and the blisters, and so on, have all done a good job. At present, Mangotv's two Aces, the Romantic Travel of the Wives, 3 and Star Detective 5, have been scheduled for 6 November and 8 November, respectively, and it is expected that under the marketing strategy of the combined effect, it will be possible.
In 2019, the company was expected to be on-line with eight dramas and nine philosophies. Policy regulatory risks: the increase in membership of fee-paying members may not be as high as expected; the release of sales shares; and accurate data.
Sexual differences; impairment of inventory and risk of bad accounts receivable Overview of performance in the first three quarters of 2019
Data on mau and dau and user drawings are obtained through their own technical monitoring and seek to provide an objective and accurate picture of business performance, not excluding differences in statistical methods and calibres.
There is a slight discrepancy with official data. ▪ The risk of policy regulation.
Given the macro-environmental impact, the company’s advertising business may have generated 23.09% of the company’s revenue from associated transactions in 2018.
During the production of the film, the company may not be able to obtain a licence for the production of a licence, the production of a licence for the production of a licence, the issuance of a licence, etc., and the broadcasting of the licence.
Business performance may be affected, resulting in a risk of stock impairment and bad accounts receivable.