Conch Cement [0914.HK; 600585.CH]
Reported impressive results again in Q2; Reiterate BUY
Conch Cement reported a recurring net profit of RMB8.2bn in Q2 2018, up 123% YoY
and near the high end of the guidance provided in the positive profit alert. Blended ASP
2018. 1H18 net profit is equivalent to 54% of the full-year consensus forecast. This sug-
gests the Street is likely to raise the full-year forecast, based on the historical seasonali-
BUY
ty pattern. We also raise our 2018E/2019E EPS by 25.6%/29%, as the price correction
during the summer season in east China and south China is much smaller than we ex-
Close: HK$48.55 (Aug 22, 2018)
(2.5x 2018E PBR) to HK$65 (2.7x 2018E PBR) (A-share target price: RMB53.10, 6%
Target Price (H): HK$65.00 (+33.8%)
discount to our H-share target price, based on the average discount in the past few
years). The upcoming peak season will be a key catalyst, in our view.
Target Price (A): RMB53.10 (+41.8%)
Investment Highlights
Price Performance
Q2 recurring net profit surged 123% YoY. Excluding some one-off gains recorded in
(HK$)
(HK$ million)
Q2 2017, recurring net profit in Q2 2018 jumped 123% YoY to RMB8.2bn. Revenue
grew 47% YoY to RMB27.3bn, driven by (i) volume growth of 12.7% to 83.8m tonnes
and (ii) a blended ASP price rise from RMB236/tonne in Q2 2017 to RMB316/tonne in
2018 (Q1 2018: RMB124).
Impressive operating cost control. Operating costs were RMB1.8bn in Q2 2018, up
Oct-17
Dec-17
Feb-18
Jun-18
Apr-18
Aug-18
Aug-17
21% YoY, much slower than revenue growth of 47%. The Company's balance sheet
Source: Bloomberg
continued to get stronger, with the net cash position expanding from RMB10.5bn at end
US$29,930m
Market Cap
-2017 to RMB14.2bn at end-June 2018.
Shares Outstanding
5,299.3m
Strong revenue growth in overseas business but the scale remained small. The
KPMG
Auditor
Company's overseas revenue jumped 44.96% YoY to RMB482m in 1H18. However,
the scale was still limited, as overseas revenue accounted for only 1% of total revenue.
55.0%
Free Float
52W range
HK$27.85-51.55
Only a moderate price correction during the low season. Usually the summer sea-
son is considered to be the low season due to unfavourable weather conditions, such
as typhoons and extremely hot weather. However, as Figure 2 and 3 show, the correc-
Conch Holdings
Major Shareholding
tion in cement prices in east China and south China was very moderate in Q2. This
paves the way for price hikes in late Q3 and Q4 during the peak season for construction
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
activity. Therefore, we raise our 2018E/2019E EPS by 25.6%/29%, as the price correc-
tion during the summer season was much smaller than we expected.
Wong Chi Man—Head of Research
Upcoming peak season to be a major catalyst. Conch Cement is trading at 8x
2018E PER and 2.02x 2018E PBR. We expect the upcoming peak season of construc-
tion activity to be a key catalyst to drive the share price higher.
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Income Statement
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Key financials
Conch Cement (00914.HK; 600585.CH)
Statement of Cash Flow
Balance Sheet
(RMB'000, except for per share amount)
Finance Ratios
Sources: Company data, CGIS Research estimates
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Digital Cement, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.