In-depth report, February 29th, 2024.
Wei Hongmei is the leader of our integrated pig-breeding industry. The company was founded in 1992, raised pigs in 2012, went out of Henan, went to the market in 2014, and extended the industrial chain to open the slaughter industry in 2019.
After more than 30 years of development, the company now forms a chain of pork industry that combines feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig raising, slaughtering, etc.
Since 2008, the company has been focusing on meat and slaughter. In 2019, the company's official slaughtering business approached slaughtering in the concentration area.
Pigs, from “carrying pigs” to “carrying meat”, assist in matching farm-breeding and smoothing production links. The company's slaughter business is growing rapidly. By the end of June 2023, the company had established 25 slaughter companies in areas with a greater concentration of pig-breeding capacity, including Henan, Shandong, Anhui, and Northeast, and has started production 10.
Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn slaughterhouses, with an annual slaughter capacity of 29 million people. In 2023, the company slaughtered piglets and expanded the country's raw pork distribution network. By the end of the first half of 2023, the company slaughtered.
More than 60 service stations have been set up in 20 provincial districts of the country to serve farmers' wholesale dealers, chains, chain restaurants, food processing businesses, and customers of new retail businesses.
There's a strong competitive advantage. (1) Smart-enhanced pig-breeding. Companies continue to develop new technologies, using cutting-edge technologies such as big data, 5g, artificial intelligence.
Smart feeding, intelligent pig-breeding specialists, intelligent health management systems, intelligent slaughtering, and so on, gradually move towards the intellectualisation of feed, the intellectualization of farming, the intellectualization of slaughter, and the increasing efficiency of production. (2) Procreational advantages.
The costs are expected to decrease further as companies gradually develop their technological pathways and sophisticated management. The physicalization of the pig, which continues to extend the industrial chain, and the slaughtering business continues to grow in competition.
In the short term, the pig-breeding industry is expected to pick up, and there is still much room for increasing its size and concentration in the medium and long term.
1.1 The company is our leader in pig-breeding and continues to extend the industrial chain. In 1992, the company's first pig-breeding farm, a farm of pigs in the interior of the country, began work on the ground, started in 1998 to establish an autonomous seeding system, and completed in 2006 a second-generation breeding system.
In 2011, he was awarded the title “National Priority Enterprise for Agro-Industrialization”: the establishment in 2012 of the Hubei Congxiang Farming Company Ltd., the Shandong Cao County Farming Company Ltd., the pig-breeding enterprise, which moved out of Henan, and in 2014 he opened the slaughter business by extending the industrial chain in 2019. After more than 30 years of development, the company has now formed a feed collection plus.
In 2015-2023, the number of pigs born by companies grew faster in all years except for a small drop in 2019. In 2023, the number of pigs born by companies grew faster.
By the end of June 2023, the company had grown by more than 78 million head/year.
In 2019, the company officially organized the slaughter business, which was close to slaughtering pigs in areas where farming is concentrated, from “pigs” to “meat”, and helped to match and close the slaughter industry. In recent years, the company’s slaughter business has expanded rapidly.
By the end of June 2023, the company had established 25 slaughter companies in Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Northeast, and other areas with a greater concentration of pig-breeding capacity, and had completed the production of 10 slaughterhouses with an annual slaughter capacity of 29 million.
By the end of the first half of 2023, the company's slaughtering operations had set up over 60 service stations in 20 provincial districts throughout the country, serving farmers' wholesale distributors, chains, chains, restaurants, food-processing enterprises, and new retail business clients of more than 13,000.
The high level of acceptance of clients such as box horses, ding-dongs, etc., led to deep strategic collaboration.
The income scale has been positive and the net return profits have fluctuated. As pig-breeding has grown, the business of the company has been stimulated by a 1.3-optimal incentive mechanism that motivates the workforce, constantly optimizes the incentive mechanism and motivates the workforce.
By the end of 2022, the company had 1,431,000 employees and 40,000 university students.
Incentives, guided by the principle of “who generates the first, first, first, and the greater” incentives, share the results of business development with employees. Companies introduce a comprehensive remuneration system, with customized incentives based on the principles of “one person, one job, one job, etc.” Focusing on incentives for innovative research and development talent will be 6 per year.
By the end of 2022, the company had implemented three employee holding schemes and three restricted stock incentive schemes, with more than 13,000 shares.
The total number of incentives to be awarded under the stock incentive scheme was 6093, including 11 senior directors and 6082 core managers, technical and business personnel with a wide range of coverage.
Intelligently empowered pig farming. The company's main orientation is to produce unattainable goods, and it is continuing to develop new technologies, using cutting-edge technologies such as big data, 5g, artificial intelligence, to explore the development of a variety of smart products, such as smart loop control, smart feeding, intellectual pig-breeding specialists, smart health management systems, intelligent slaughtering, and so on, to become more intelligent forage.
Injured and slaughtered intelligence is moving forward, contributing to increasing productivity. (1) Smart pighouses: the company built its first generation of pighouses using a hyperbolic brickwork structure in 1992 and a highly intelligent meat industry complex for research and development in 2020.
Advanced smart technology equipment such as control, smart feeding, and intelligent pig-raising specialists achieves economic benefits, eco-efficiency and social benefits by increasing production efficiency and safeguarding food safety and environmental protection through scientific and technological innovation. (2) Smart ring control: companies add air filtering modules to pighouse vents with sophisticated and efficient filters.
Levels up to the Merv16 level, close to the icu standard, fresh air filters through four layers, completely isolates particles with a diameter greater than 0.3 micrometres, effectively isolates the virus, and creates a clean growth environment for pigs.
(iii) Smart feeding: company farms use smart feeding systems, automatically collect information on the amount of food taken, drinking water, etc., and adjust nutritional formulations according to pig population growth curves and pig-only health conditions.
(iv) Smart pig-raising specialists: companies integrate multiple sensors with a variety of detection functions, such as temperature, humidity, carbon dioxide concentration, bed position, etc., remote monitoring, artificial intelligence to enable a real-time diagnosis of pig health, real-time warning, and other robotic equipment to work together and upgrade
In 1998, the company began to establish an autonomous breeding system, in 1999 it explored the rotation of dual breeding, and in 2006 it completed its unique rotational breeding system. From the core group, the breeding system is designed to keep the pig straight and apply it to the parents to replace the pig.
In particular, geneticly weak patterns such as more reproductive power and more resilient performance; 2 Provinces where parents produce pigs without having to purchase them from their parents; 3 can reduce the risk of disease caused by the large introduction of mother-to-child pigs: 4 is conducive to the improvement of the adaptive nature of the pigs in the field.
The need for both seed and commodity use can be met in terms of capacity, growth speed, lean meat rate and body quality, creating a unique two-dimensional breeding system with a stable legacy and a distinct hybrid advantage, laying the foundation for rapid corporate growth.