Silicon, battery, both wings, and cost technology lead - Tungwee shares (600438) cover for the first time.
Tonway Holdings (hereinafter referred to as “Tonway shares” or “companies”) is owned by the Tonway Group and is a private enterprise, with agriculture and new energy industries at its core. In the new energy business, companies focus on the development, production, and marketing of products such as high-purity crystallized silicon, solar cells, etc., while working on investment in and the maintenance of the “Fisheries One” terminals.
The business is research, production and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, the silicon chain industry has a high profile, with significant technological advantages for companies, the silicon industry has higher barriers to entry, headlines are concentrated and competition patterns are stable.
At the end of the year, the company had formed a high-purity crystalline annual production capacity of 80,000 tons, with 14% of the city ranked first in the industry, with 150,000 tons in construction. The company has now formed three major crystal silicon construction bases, located in Sichuan Leishan, Inner Moon Head and Yunnan Pao Mountain, respectively, with an advantage in electricity prices. The company’s high-purity crystal silicon product cost-control industry is leading, 2020, the company’s silicon.
According to the latest company announcement, the company plans to invest 4 billion dollars in the construction of a 200,000-ton high-purity silicon project, which is to be implemented in two instalments of 100,000 tons per year, and the release of new capacity will further consolidate the company’s head position within the industry.
The company's non-silicon cost leads the entire industry, hjt, large sizes and parallels.
The company’s current non-silicon cost of single crystal perc battery product is within 0.2/w, well below industry average of 0.25/w and has a competitive advantage. By the end of 2020, the company’s annual solar cell output was now within 0.2/w.
27.5gw, of which 24.5gw is produced annually by single crystal batteries, 3gw is produced annually by multi-chip batteries, 13% of the battery production city wucan@cczq.com is in the first line of the industry. The company now has three Hjt test lines on a scale of 400mw. October 2020.
In terms of size, the specifications will be fully compatible with 210 and below. In addition to continuing to consolidate its position in the niche, the company is actively extending the industrial chain to silicon chips and components and working in depth with companies within the chain.
In our view, the company's competitive advantage in the silicon and battery chain is largely reflected in the fact that the company's competitive advantage in the silicon and the battery chain is based on the fact that it's the first to cover the "enhanced" rating given to the West Side, 28 West Side, and the "enhanced" rating given to the "enhanced" rating.
Over the next two years, silicon prices are expected to remain high, and company performance will rise. Silicon supply is expected to be relatively relaxed, priced, or falling in 2023, but the company’s silicon production capacity will then be high.
We expect a steady increase in company performance from 2021 - 7254, 92.24, 10.702 million yuan, ps 1.60, 2.04 and 236 shares, respectively.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
1.1 The agriculture, new energy industries are at the core, with deep-seated, photovoltaic whole-industry chains.
With regard to new energy sources, the company focuses on the development, production, marketing, etc. of high-purity silicon, solar cells, and is committed to investment in and maintenance of the “Fisheries One” terminal. By the end of 2020, the company had developed a high-purity silicon annual capacity of 80,000 tons, with solar cells producing 27.5gw per year, with single-crystal power.
In agriculture, the company’s main business is research, production, and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, etc. Aquatic feed has been the company’s core product, and the company’s main profit from the agricultural plate.
The company’s production and distribution networks are available in most parts of the country, as well as in countries of South-East Asia such as Viet Nam, Mongala, Indonesia and other countries.
In 1986, the company was established as the former fishing-coupled feed factory in Yingshan County. In 1991, the company changed its name to Tongwei. In 1992, the Tonway Group was founded. In 1995, the Tonway Group was ranked second in the “500 private enterprises in China” by the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry and the China Association for Business Evaluation.
In 2004, the shares of Tonway were successfully placed on the market. In 2006, Yongxiang invested in the formation of Sichuan Yongxiang resin, and in 2007, the Tonway Group successfully received Fertilizer Vee at a price of 870 million yuan.
In 2014, the Tonway Group established a new energy source, operating a “light-for-light” power station. In 2016, the Tonway shares acquired 100% of the shares in fertilization, energy and Yongxiang by issuing shares, forming a multi-crystal silicon, battery blades, photovoltaic power plant integrated photovoltage chain.
The Division as a whole has been able to achieve synergies between the two main sources of photovoltaics and feed. 1.2 Equity structures are concentrated, with affiliates distributing new energy sources and feed blocks. The company is a private enterprise with the first major shareholder being the Tonway Group Limited (hereinafter “Tonway” ).
The second largest shareholder of the company is the Hong Kong Central Bank Limited, which holds 6.23% of the company ' s shares;
The top five major shareholders were mainly in the capital management and trust management plans, with shares of less than 2 per cent. 80 companies were incorporated into the first tier of the merger, of which more than 70 were engaged in agricultural business, three major holdings in the photovoltaic block, to the Tungwee Solar Co. Ltd., and Sichuan Yongxiang.
S.A. and Tungwei New Energy Co. Ltd. More than 10 companies under the flag of Tungwee Solar (Comb) Ltd. are mainly involved in the production, sale and sale of solar cells; Yongxiang shares are mainly involved in the production and sale of multiple crystallized silicon materials; and Tungwee New Energy Co. Ltd. is mainly involved in the operation of power stations.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure 1.3 Corporate products focused on feed and photovoltaic operations. Corporate multi-crystal silicon operations earn less but contribute the largest share of Māori.
See, the share of feed operations in 2020 was 47.17 per cent, the share of solar cell operations in 2020 was 35.07 per cent, and the share of multi-crysilica operations in 2020 was 14.8 per cent. According to the company ' s Māori composition, the share of feed operations in 2020 was 29.01 per cent, the share of solar cell operations was 29.84 per cent and the ratio of multi-crysilica operations in 2020 was Māori.
1.4 Corporate performance has grown faster in recent years, with business earnings of $44.2 billion in 2020, an increase of 17.69 per cent over the previous year; and net profits of shareholders belonging to parent companies of $2,635 million over the same period, an increase of 30.51 per cent.
Figure 7: Net profits and acceleration of company ownership of parent company shareholders 14.54% Māori for battery operations, 34.7% Māori for multi-crystal silicon operations, high-purity silicon production capacity in 2020, sustained optimization of indicators, high-purity silicon sales of 866 million tons, same as year-round
This represents an increase of 35.79 per cent. The highest rate of Māori production was recorded in photovoltaic operations, at 59.64 per cent. By the end of 2020, the Public Administration had built 45 PV stations, with a total of over 2gw installed and grid-connected, generating 2,165 million degrees of electricity over the year.
Research and development (R & D) accounted for the highest share of 51 per cent, followed by research and development (R & D) for high-purity crystalline silicon production, which accounted for 24 per cent.In 2020, the company set up a photovolt technology centre based on the research system of the previous stubble business units, which combines technological R & D and technology integration for the promotion of the various links in the photovolt industry chain, focusing on new technologies and new products.
On the one hand, with regard to solar batteries, companies focus on current mainstream perc technologies, upgrading and optimizing them through the stacking of other processes (e.g., multiple main fences, high barriers, alkali polishing, topcon, etc.) to improve conversion.
Efficiency and reduced production costs. On the other hand, the company continues to invest more in tracking and research and development of new battery technologies. The company ' s hjt battery research and development line became operational in June 2019, and after continuous research and development improvements, the Hjt battery has now achieved a maximum conversion efficiency of 25.18%.
Figure 11: Maintenance of higher levels of R & D inputs.
2.1 Silicon chain characteristics: the initial investment is high, the production cycle is long, the location requirements are high. Silicon (multi-crystal silicon) is an important raw material link in the light-volatile industrial chain, with a high initial investment rate, a long life cycle, a long investment recovery period, and a high location requirement.
It usually takes two years to reach the height of the slope; in terms of the cost of production, the investment in silicon units is high, usually in 10,000 tons of silicon production capacity, which costs around 1 billion yuan. Because of the length of the expansion cycle and the high amount of investment, silicon companies usually show a more cyclical nature.
Silicon is found in natural sources such as quartz, quartz and sand, where the silicon dioxide can be returned to silicon monomer by oxidation reactions.Silicon production in the market is dominated by two methods, namely, improvement of the Siemens pyrotechnic process and silicate.
Fluid bed method (fbr). The former produces silicon-based silicon-type silicon-shaped silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-like silicon-form silicon-like silicon-form silicon-form silicon-like silicon-form silicon-form silicon-like silicon-forms.
The production of high-purity crystal silicon using improved Siemens; the Silicon medium-energy industry attached to the Paolícan Energy was the pioneer in the early application of Siemens, which currently has a capacity of about 10,000 tons of silicon particles. Electricity, metal silicon, depreciation are the three main components of the silicon cost in terms of the composition of the silicon.
According to Solarzoom, the average production cost for the silicon industry is about 42 yuan per kilogram, mainly including electricity costs, metal silicon costs and equipment depreciation costs. Production of 1 kilogram of silicon consumes 60-70 degrees, electricity costs 15.9 yuan, 38%; metal silicon costs 11.9 yuan, proportionally.
Twenty-eight per cent; depreciated equipment cost of 5.9 dollars, or 14 per cent; higher barriers to entry in the silicon industry, with more concentrated and stable competitive patterns in the head of the silicon chain.
The Asian silicon industry. By the end of 2020, Tungwee shares had formed a high-purity crystallized silicon annual capacity of 80,000 tons; new special energy sources now had a multi-crystal silicon annual capacity of 80,000 tons, of which 36,000 tons of silicon projects were completed and released in 2020; new large-scale energy sources now have a multi-crystal silicon capacity of 70,000 tons; eastern hope is 60,000 tons;
The silicon phase is more difficult to expand than the rest of the chain, with a small expansion of the multi-crystal silicon market for only a small number of enterprises between 2019 and 2020, a gradual withdrawal of high-cost multi-crysilica production from overseas and domestic second-line manufacturers, and a further increase in the concentration of the silicon sector.
So far, the first silicon chain companies include Tungwei shares, Hope East, Xinjiang, new energy sources, Asia silicon, and all new energy sources. Some overseas multi-crysilica companies have announced plans to shut down their two solar-scale multi-crysilica plants operating in Korea in February of this year.
The production of some electronic-grade polycrystal silicon minimizes the production of Korean solar-grade polycrystal silicon. Thus, even with small increases in domestic manufacturers, the production of 590,000 tons of global polycrystal silicon at the end of 2020 is still below 650,000 tons by the end of 2019.
In 2021, the silicon downstream silicon silicon silicon chain was expanded, and is expected to produce more than 300 gw by the end of 2021. In response to the undue supply of silicon silicon in 2021, multiple multi-crystal silicon companies planned to expand production in 2021-2022, but new silicon silicon in 2021.
The construction project is still in its construction phase, with very limited additional productive capacity, which is expected to be invested in 2022, and the new production capacity of silicon, which is concentrated in 2022, is shown in the table below. Silicon prices have continued to rise since December last year. As of July 2021, multi-crystal silicon-based secret materials were available.
Since last four quarters, several silicon enterprises or integrated enterprises have opted to sign with upstream silicon companies for long orders to lock down silicon supplies to ensure later delivery. As of now, 90% of the goods in the industry are in 2021.
In 2022, silicon shortages are expected to ease, but they will remain in a tight balance. In 2021, the construction of 100,000 tons of production capacity (Olysan, 50,000 tons each) in Honolulu, 30,000 tons of production capacity in the silicon industry in Asia, and all new energy sources are expected to remain in place.
Thirty-five thousand tons of production capacity is expected to be officially operational in 2022, with a total additional capacity of about 50 gw. The silicon chain will remain tightly balanced in 2021 and silicon prices are expected to remain high in the next two years.
By the end of 2020, the company had produced 80,000 tons of high-purity annual silicon capacity and 150,000 tons of capacity being built. The department has now formed three major silicon construction bases, Sichuan Leung, Inner Cover, and Yunnan Pao, respectively, with an advantage in electricity prices.
Tens of thousands of tons of projects are being built, and it is expected that the second phase of Leshan II and the first phase of Paoshan will be operational by the end of 2021, when the company will have more than 180,000 tons of high-purity crystallized silicon capacity, with the first two 50,000 projects expected to be completed by 2022.
Ten thousand yuan per ton, with a Māori rate of 36.78%. Corporate production costs have been falling, with an average annual production cost of 38.7 million yuan per ton of silicon material in 2020.
Tons, in 2020, the average production cost of the company ' s new production capacity was RMB 363,000/t, at a total cost of RMB 4.27 million/t; Leysan old capacity was converted to production in June 2017, with an average production cost of RMB 49,000/t in 2020, at a total cost of RMB 59,000/t.
The company’s high-purity crystallized silicon production costs and full costs are at a leading level in the same industry. The production costs of silicon materials are the sum of variable principals and depreciation, and the full cost is inclusive of three costs, namely, sales costs, administrative costs, and financial costs, based on production costs.
The cost of silicon production is about 80% of the three main components of the cost of silicon, electricity, metal silicon, and depreciation. According to Solalzoom, the average cost of production in the silicon industry is about 42 yuan per kilogram, or 38% of the main package; the cost of silicon metal is 11.9 yuan, or 28%; and the cost of depreciation of equipment is 5.9 yuan, or 38%.
In the case of metal silicon, the consumption of high crystal silicon is similar to that of enterprises, which consumes approximately 1.1 per cent of the silicon powder from 1 kg of high crystal silicon, and the cost of silicon powder is more stable. Thus, the differences in the production costs of high silicon from enterprises are mainly reflected in electricity costs and depreciation.
In 2019, the Sichuan Provincial Development and Reform Commission issued the Sichuan Implementation of Precision Prices Policy to support the development of specialty industries. The price of Lyoshan's Silicon to the household is not higher than 0.4 kWh/kWh, and the price of electricity for the Tungwei Mountain project is about 0.3 kWh/kWh.
Power supply and out-sourcing, which can cover 40,000 tons of silicon output at a cost of approximately 0.36/kwh, and the remaining 35,000 tons of silicon production capacity at an out-sourcing cost of about 0.7/kwh. To have more cost advantages, the current new silicon production capacity has chosen low-priced areas for construction.
In February 2021, the Development and Reform Commission of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region issued a paper entitled " A number of safeguards to ensure the fulfilment of the 14th Five-Year Energy Exploitation Target " (Appropriation Draft), which is accelerating the promotion of the energy-intensive sector.
With regard to structural adjustment, it is proposed to control the size of energy production in the energy-intensive sector, i.e., from 2021 onwards, no approval will be granted for additional energy projects such as multi-crystal silicon, single-crystal silicon, without downstream transformation.
The acquisition of energy consumption indicators will be more difficult, as companies actively deploy low-priced areas of production, new-products, and planning low-priced areas like Innermont, Sichuan, Yunnan, have a significant pre-emptive advantage. The cost of new unit investment will be reduced year by year, and the corresponding depreciation costs will be reduced.
The first and first high-purity silicon projects plan to invest a total of 8 billion yuan, with a combined planned capacity of 50,000 tons, up to a total of 80,000 tons per year of actual post-partum capacity, with a total of 6.4 billion yuan in real investment and about 800 million tons in real investment.
The announcement of the 40,000-ton high-purity silicon project, which is designed to produce 40,000 tons/year in Yunnan Paoshan, is expected to invest about 4 billion yuan in total, and we expect that the actual cost of investing in the project will be less than 1 billion tons, which will help companies to reduce the cost of high-purity silicon production.
iii. Batteries: non-silicon costs lead the entire industry, hjt, large sizes and parallels to 3.1 technological routes, non-silicon costs, conversion efficiency and competitive advantages
The formerly more dominant perc battery was prepared by silicon silica through the cleaning of fumes, spreading of knots, cleaning of etchings, de-reflective film preparation, etc. The battery was mainly used in the production of solar components.
In general, battery chain costs are made up of silicon and non-silicon costs (the cost of removing silicon is called non-silicon costs), and the competitiveness of battery chain enterprises is largely reflected in the control of non-silicon cost. Non-silicon costs determine the ultimate competitiveness of battery chain enterprises.
Currently, the average non-silicon cost of the battery chain is 0.25 yuan/w and silicon is 0.45 yuan/w. Non-silicon composition consists of real silver, assistive equipment and others, electricity, labour, depreciation, etc.
The current non-silicon cost of the single crystal perc battery product has reached within 0.2 yuan/w, well below the industry average and has a competitive advantage.
There's a more fragmented pattern of battery film competition than silicon. At present, battery-share manufacturers can be divided into two categories, namely, specialized battery manufacturers, such as Twilight, Aishu, Middle, etc.; and photovoltaic integration companies, including Lungi shares, Crystal Technologies, Crystal Energy, Skylight, etc.
At the end of 2020, the shares of Tungwee, Aoi and Lungi in the head of the battery film were highly productive, 27.5gw, 22gw, 30gw, Tungwee, Ai Yu as specialized battery manufacturers, and the batteries produced were mainly for external sale; the shares of Lungi were used primarily for the battery.
At the end of 2020, the battery production capacity was 18gw, 7.5gw, 5gw, and 3.3 perc, with enterprises actively setting up efficient routes.
Based on the technical route of batteries, the current production capacity of battery-forming enterprises is largely perc-based, with specialized battery manufacturers such as Tung Wai, Ei-Xu, a wide range of technical routes, Tung-wee's share focus on piloting and transforming new technologies such as hjt and Topcon, and Ai-Xu's share continuously strengthening new battery technology research.
For example, HJt, Topcon, ibc, hbc, stacking batteries, etc., the integration company has a variety of new technology lines, such as Lungi shares, and the East Sunrise. The average volume conversion efficiency of firms is similar, about 23%.
23.5%. Specialized battery manufacturers have higher R & D maximum conversion efficiency, 25.18% Tungwee, E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-T is one of the main ways to reduce the cost of photovoltaic power generation, and future PV efficiency increases are mainly based on changes in preparation technology.
Over the last 10 years, solar cell technology in the silk-printing aluminum back yard (ai-bsf) has dominated the market for photovoltaic cell technology. As the technology advances, other high-efficiency batteries will put competitive pressure on them. Currently, the most sophisticated high-efficiency battery technology based on large-scale production applications is p-perc battery technology.
Compared to other high-efficiency PV cells, perc cells are technically upgraded by adding only two major processes to the traditional aluminum backyard crystalline silicon cell production line. The p-cell (mainly perc technology) manufacturing process is simple and less costly.
More efficient, more efficient batteries can also be done. Type N batteries have the advantage of conversion efficiency, high double-face rate, low temperature coefficients, low light failure, and good weak light effects. Industry believes that type N batteries will be the next generation of mainstream battery technology.
Pump technology includes pert battery technology, n-topcon technology, hjt battery technology, ibc battery technology Rembrandt laser refrigerated filamentary ligature t-film plating network printing, testing of hjt battery silica plating.
At present, perc solar cells are technologically mature and will gradually complete the replacement of conventional single crystals and multi-crystal batteries. New technologies such as heterogenesis, ibc, etc. are not compatible with existing technologies and cannot be adapted and upgraded using existing production lines.
For example, the hjt hex cell line has invested more than $1 billion/gw in the past, and in recent years, the equipment nationalization process has advanced, leading to shares, and Jia Weibo already owns the hjt whole line, hundreds of millions/gw.
Since the beginning of 2021, subject to higher prices for upstream silicon and silicone tablets, the price of single crystals perc158 mm has been higher in various sizes of batteries, which are now mostly exported overseas, with relatively higher prices for overseas customers.
Battery prices are lower and relatively less profitable in various sizes of batteries. The battery industry cr3 is about 40%, which is more fragmented than the upstream silicon and downstream components.
At present, the price of silicon, silicon and silicon links remains high and fully priced; the battery chain is under pressure from both a shortage of silicon supply and an increase in prices.
The impact of the hike in the cost of silicon swims, and the constant upswing of battery chips, despite their high demand, has slowed down the procurement pace of downstream components. In our view, in 2021, the profit of the cell block chain was more affected by the upward price increase, which is expected to turn in 2022.
Okay. We expect silicon prices to remain high for the next 1-2 years, cellular competitive patterns to be fragmented, bargaining power to be relatively weak, and the profit margin for the cell block chain in 2021 to be very narrow compared to last year. In 2020, the single-crystal battery won a net profit of $ 0.07/w; in the first quarter of 2021,
The single-crystal battery has a net profit of $0.04/w, which is a significant decrease from last year. In 2022, the silicon ring was expanded, the pattern was fragmented, upstream price increases were likely to ease, and the bargaining power of the battery chain would be increased accordingly, and the profits are expected to improve in 2022.
3.5 The company ' s non-silicon cost of batteries leads the entire industry, and hjt production is steadily advancing. By the end of 2020, the company ' s solar cell produced 27.5gw per year, of which 24.5gw per year was produced by single crystal batteries, and 3gw per year was produced by multi-crystal batteries. In 2020, battery sales were 21gw, of which single crystal batteries were sold.
At present, the average non-silicon cost in the PV cell industry is approximately $0.25/w, and the company, with its technological edge and excellent cost control, controls the non-silicon cost of single-silicon perc battery products at $ 0.2/w.
The company now has three hjt test lines of 400mw, composting and production, respectively. The company will promote industrialization in due course, in accordance with the development process of the hjt technology. In terms of product size, the specifications will be fully compatible with the size of 210 and below, depending on the product size trend.
Industrialization to further consolidate the company’s leading role in solar cell technology. In 2019, the company built two Hjt test lines in Chengdu and compost, respectively, and after continuous research and development improvements, the Hjt battery has now achieved a maximum conversion efficiency of 25.18 per cent, an increase of 0.58 percentage points over the same period last year.
At the same time, the company will build a test line in 1gwhjt, further refine the equipment based on the R&D production line, optimise process technology, and improve the value of the product. In October 2020, the company launched a tender for the 1gw heterogeneity project, which will be located in Sichuan Chengdu.
On April 12, 2021, the Tonway shares issued an audit opinion on the total scale of the investment in the re-engineering of the partial fund-raising project, which proposes to adjust the perc battery capacity of the 7.5gw high-efficiency silicon cell smart interconnection plant project (Kimble House Phase I) from 7.5gw to 5.6gw perc battery capacity.
Reduction of some equipment inputs, with the remaining site being used for the construction of the heterogeneous cytology test production line. Size; actual total production capacity of approximately 1.2gw based on the power of the 182 battery plate 8.09w/fibre (equivalent to 24.5 per cent efficiency), 7,000 working hours/year.
During the company ' s 1gw hex project tender, two Yacs, two high-speed units were purchased for the cleaning of the velvet chain; one styllion equipment (8,000 per hour) was purchased for the pecvd process in the non-crystal silicon sedimentation process, one tactile equipment (5,200 per hour), two silica equipment (4,500 per hour); and plating.
The pvd section of the tcofilm, the purchase of one piece of equipment, one piece of equipment, two pieces of stone; the silk printing section, the purchase of four pieces of equipment and one piece of equipment; the high rate of national production of equipment and the purchase of equipment for the company's heterogeneous production line, in addition to the cleaning of the velvet chain,2
Japan's Yac equipment, and the rest of the equipment is national. At present, the HJT supply capacity is already in place, and the nationalization of the heterogeneous cutting equipment can significantly reduce the cost of building the production line.
In addition to continuing to consolidate its position at the edge, companies actively extend the industrial chain to silicon, component links, and work in depth with companies in the industrial chain.
In September 2020, the Tonway shares announced progress in strategic cooperation with Lungi. In the meantime, the Lungi shares also issued a communiqué on progress in concluding a strategic cooperation agreement with Tonway S.A., in which the parties agreed on a number of matters.
In addition, Lungki has invested in the production of Vitolite, based on Sichuan's new energy source, based on its participation in 2017.
Limited, Lungi shares 15%. For the Qingxiang Energy Phase I high-purity crystal silicon project, 35,000 tonnes of real annual production capacity, Tung Wai proposes to expand its replenishment capacity, 75,000 tonnes of post-natal design capacity, and Lungi agrees to keep 15% of the share ratio in a synchronized replenishment.
In November 2020, Trina was able to issue an announcement stating that it was working with Sichuan Yongxiang Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of Tonway Co. Ltd., and the Tonway Sun.
S.A. signed a joint venture agreement for the establishment of a project company and co-investment of 40,000 tons of high-purity silicon per year, 15 gw sticks per year, 15 gw slices per year, 15 gw high-efficiency silicon cell per year, and annual procurement of high-efficiency silicon batteries from the cooperative project company.
Cooperation agreements. Trina has a 35% share in the project companies, a combined registered capital contribution of approximately $2.1 billion, and a 65% share in the project companies. The Tungwei shares and the Tianxiang energy co-operated with the monocrystal bars and slices project started at the end of 2020, with a split of two projects.
The first 7.5gw project was to be completed by the end of September 2021, and the shares entered into an investment agreement with the City of Le Shan and the Government of the Five Bridges for the 15gw monochrome pole cut-off project, with a total investment of $5 billion in the 15gw monochrome cut-tube project.
In February 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed between Tungwei and Jingkian Energy to reach consensus on a joint investment of 450,000 tons of high-purity silicon per year, 15gw silicon tablets per year, and cooperation in the corresponding supply chain.
As an example of strategic participation, the Crystal Energy 15gw Silicone Project, a 35% share of the crystal energy, a 450,000-ton share of the high pure silicon project, and a split of shares. With the 45,000-ton silicon project having a long construction cycle, the Crystal Energy 15gw silicon project can be based on the shares of the Tungyu project.
The project built a production-time node at which to build and produce simultaneously. At the same time, the two sides added a three-year long silicon roll-out cooperation, based on the previous agreement on silicon long-duration, totalling about 6.5gw, for the period 2021-2023.
Crystal energy participation at a 35% equity ratio of 450,000 tons of high-purity crystal silicon project, Crystal Energy, Tungwee participation at a 30% equity ratio of strategic crystal energy at 15gw silicon project.
In terms of components, the output of the company ' s components in 2020 was 1.23gw, and the production capacity of the company ' s components was smaller than that of other components, and there is still potential for expansion in the future.
In agriculture, the company’s main business is research, production, and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, etc. Aquatic feed has been the company’s core product and the main benefit of the company’s agricultural sector.
The company’s production and distribution network has been deployed in most parts of the country, as well as in countries of South-East Asia, such as Viet Nam, Mongala, Indonesia. The company is a leading country-based agro-industrialized business with operations throughout the country and South-East Asia, with annual feed production capacity of over 10 million tons and a global presence.
There is an intensive advantage in the procurement of raw materials, production groups, market expansion, etc.
The nutrient needs of the animals are to mix a wide range of high-quality raw materials, to be processed through advanced processes, to be able to satisfy the range of aquatic feed needs, with more than 200 species suitable for fresh water and sea water, seedlings and fish, fish and shrimp crabs, sedimentation and floating feed. Aquatic feed is available throughout the country, on the buyer side.
Figure 29: Tungwee water feed, Figure 30: Tungwee livestock feed
In terms of the industrial chain, the feed industry is a feed source, consisting mainly of protein feed, energy grains, mineral feed raw materials and feed additives; it is produced in midstream for fodder, including pig feed, poultry oil, antiseptic material, aqueous materials, etc.; and downstream it is mainly animal farming, such as chicken duck cattle, and freshwater animals, aquaculture.
Aquaculture of animals. According to the National Association of Feeding Industries, total domestic feed production in 2020 amounted to 253 million tons, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent in the same year, of which 80,925,000 tons were for pigs, an increase of 16.4 per cent in the same year; and egg and poultry feed production.
Thirty-three hundred and fifty-nine thousand tons, an increase of 7.5 per cent in the same year; ninety-one thousand, 17.58 million tons of meat feed, an increase of 21.36 million tons in the same year, a decrease of 3.6 per cent in the same year, while aquatic feed accounts for 8.4 per cent of the country ' s total feed production, an increase of 7.12 per cent.
Growth in the volume of goods sold, with the share of high-value-added products continuously rising, with an increase of 11.37 per cent in the same amount as in the case of inflated materials. In 2020, company feed business costs totalled $18.660 billion, of which raw materials cost $17.475 billion, or 93.65 per cent of the total cost of feed; manual wages of $335 million, or 1.80 per cent; and manufacturing costs.
850 million yuan, or 4.55 per cent of the cost of feed. The main component of the cost of feed is the cost of raw materials, the raw material produced for feed is the bulk of commodities such as maize and soybeans.
In 2019, the feed industry produced about 18.75% of the country’s feed production, compared with the concentration of more than 30% in Germany and Japan.
There is still much room to increase the concentration of the feed industry. In recent years, growth has slowed down across the industry into a phase of steady growth and structural adjustment, with large firms relying on the advantages of capital, management and disease prevention systems; the extension of the industrial chain; and the exposure of small and medium-sized enterprises to capital pressures, talent pressures, technological pressures and service capabilities.
Development bottlenecks, which will gradually be integrated into and acquired by dominant firms, or exited from the market; the pattern of competition in the industry from feed-and-food to feed-and-industry-wide competition, which provides the basis for the company’s performance. The feed industry is fully competitive and is oriented towards downstream bargaining power.
However, because downstream demand is more rigid and the feed pricing model is mostly cost-added, the company feed industry is better able to provide the basic security for the company’s performance.
The first coverage is rated as “enhancement.” We believe that companies have a competitive advantage in silicon and battery chains.
The price of silicon is expected to remain high in the next two years, providing assurance of company performance. Silicon supply is expected to be relatively easy, priced or falling in 2023, but the company’s silicon production capacity will double and cellular profitability will rise when silicon prices fall.
The company’s performance is driven by continuous growth. We expect that the company’s operating income for the period 2021-2023 will be presented independently and objectively, using information on legal compliance.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.