We believe that the company's current business situation is gradually improving, relying on sustained research and development inputs, public investment, and that the company's ability to develop and develop its own business is not a problem.
The Division has regained a favourable position in the 5g construction cycle, renewed growth in government and business, and re-engagement in cellular operations. The company as a whole is now on track, and its valuation performance is expected to be restored.
The market value of the share in circulation a is high (in billions of yuan), coupled with external environmental impacts, and there is a certain degree of geographical differentiation in the overall pattern of competition.
Communications, one of the four major equipment dealers, have been growing steadily in recent years. Building on China’s leading position in the 5g technology sector and the vast market and surrounding market size, China’s market share is expected to expand in the next two to three years, depending on the build-up of the country’s 5g market and the expansion of its share in overseas markets.
With the lower costs of manufacturing on the base station and the end of the buildup wave, the 5g plant collector rate is expected to bounce back. With digitalization, business at the end of the business future: digital transformation is the future of global firms.
Large trends in development, the company’s deep-farming market for many years, and its ability to provide a complete set of hardware and software solutions, the company now has highly competitive products such as distributed databases, server storage, cloud computers, etc., and the growth prospects of the executive.
New markets in the world, where many cases have been completed, starting to accelerate from 1-n. Mobile phones + automobiles, two-wheel drive, strategic transformations, reboots: c-side markets are expected to become a “x” factor in the company’s future and a new business growth engine.
_aaa_Climate News (000063), both of these consumer businesses provide a good incision for the future expansion of China's end-of-life operations, building a model of “cloud, web, end” that will eventually become a new full-chain 5g product matrix.
_aaa_Small News (000063) Quick Report on Performance Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: The company is currently at a low level for nearly three years and we believe that with the _aaa_Small News (000063) Quarterly Report on Reviews
• Risk factors: increased trade friction, under-development of 5g in the country and unexpanded growth of overseas markets
Wu Gen-heung has been through a tough time, rebooting in the 5g era of telecommunication, one of the world's leading integrated communications manufacturers, listed companies and global communications solutions providers.
The company takes the lead in building the base station, in business cooperation, and progresses to end-of-equipment areas, with high-tech technology for research and development, and continues to expand its coverage.
The company developed its first national digital user exchange in 1990, zx500, changing the situation of foreign producers in China’s telecommunications industry. With the lead cdma technology, China’s mobile phone business goes hand in hand with the building of the base station, working to open up overseas markets.
In 2012, China launched 4glte smartphones in Hong Kong in conjunction with China. As the country’s first line of lte mobile phone, China led yet another 4g technology shift in the country.
The newsletter is once again the leader of the 5g through patent research and development and base building. The company’s equity structure is sound.
The company and the Surge Section account for 49% of the shares, 34%, 14.5%, and 2.5% respectively.