Hale Jie (600690) Home appliances, domestic and international, with a high share of multi-grade markets, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Summary of performance: In the first three quarters of 2020, companies received $15.441 billion, i.e. +2.8 per cent of the year; net parent companies transferred shares of their subsidiary Caos, which increased the return on disposal of long-term equity investments by $2.27 billion. Q3 received $58.680 billion, i.e. +16.9 per cent of the year; net profit of $4.41 billion, same as +4.11 billion.
Compared to 10.5%; 3.52 billion yuan yuan gross profit attributable to the mother, compared to 37.8%; 1.52 billion yuan net profit not earned from the parent, compared to 34.63%. The difference between the net profit and the net profit earned from the parent is greater, mainly because of the impact of the 19q3 logistics exercise, where minority shareholder interests are 2,42 billion yuan and 20q3 minority shareholder interests are 890 million yuan.
In terms of domestic operations, companies are focusing on the construction of efficient retail systems, further accelerating the digital transformation, taking advantage of multi-brand combinations, and expanding user coverage through the brand strategy of “Casati + Haile +” .
16.3% of them, with high-end brand Cassatine rising by 22% on a year-to-year basis. In overseas markets, companies rely on synergies of resources, such as global procurement, to overcome the adverse effects of the external environment and achieve sustained business growth. Overseas ownership of branding brings full leadership to high-end brands, refrigeration, washing, air 3 industries in more than 20 countries.
Foreign revenue q3 increased by 17.5% in the first quarter of the year. By category, companies are connected to the entire network by live webcasting and fine-tuning the under-line shop, focusing on the sub-channels and pushing up the market share of each product. During the reporting period, the company ' s refrigerator was on-line and below-line zero.
The share of sales was 35.1%, 38.9%, +1.3 pp, 2.3 pp, the share of retail sales on and off the line of washing machines was 39.4%, 39.9%, +4.6 pp, +3.8 pp, respectively, and there was a slight improvement in the profitability of sales on and off the air-conditioning line + q3. During the reporting period, the overall Māori rate for companies was 28%, the same as -1.1 pp.
The q3 Māori rate was 28.1%, a decrease of 0.3 pp from the same year. This was mainly due to higher access and competition in the domestic business sector, with average prices falling in the previous three quarters. The q3 industry continued to hold on to average prices, but the ring improved.
The impact of co-generation, the rapid rise in health trends and the effects of manufacturing efficiency in overseas factories is felt by Heil Jijit (600690): q2 battalions are picking up on a monthly basis, and the q3 quarter has seen a marked increase in the Maori rate.
2. Hale Jijit (600690): to publish the draft privatization, the cost of the company ' s sales in the previous three quarters was 15.1%, a decrease of 0.1 pp from the same year.
“a+h+d” Synergy layout (2020-08-03) 3. Hale Jiist (60690): Overall growth overseas, reverses the same decline in the cost of organizational effectiveness q3-quarter sales by streamlining processes and reducing controls
With regard to overseas markets, promoting the development of end-information systems and improving operational efficiency; and, through the Lean Festival, Heir thinker (600,690): logistics has increased net profits.
On 1 August 2020, the company issued a circular on major asset purchases and related transactions. The company intends to privatize its subsidiary, Hal, by issuing h shares plus cash.
The company pays the Heir Electric Scheme shareholders for the newly released h shares as a trade-off, at a rate of 1:1.6, and will pay the plan shareholders the cash of 1.95 Hong Kong dollars/shares.
Through this deal, the company will streamline the company’s structure, further optimize its allocation of resources, leverage its alliances, magnify its competitive advantage, and lay a solid foundation for future strategies.
On the one hand, the problems of intra-group linkages and inter-industry competition will be resolved. Companies will improve their operational efficiency and optimize their decision-making processes. On the other hand, funds are in a single platform, and companies will benefit directly from increased efficiency in the use of funds.
The efficiency of gold use is expected to increase corporate profitability as a whole. Three-wing birds are upgraded by wise men, opening a new course for the scene. The company adheres to the Wirtschaftsprüfer family eco-brand strategy, which is oriented towards leading product packages, high-end brands, retail transformations, globalization operations, intellectual experience.
On September 11, 2020, the company launched its first global scene brand, the Three Wings Bird, which is designed to provide users with an intelligent home-wide solution, to lead home-based electricians, intelligent, one-stop consumption trends, and to accelerate the process of selling products to custom-made scenes.
The company has set up 260 shops at Haile 001, 4 underline experience centres, and through a network of more than 30,000 households, more than 6,000 service managers, and more than 9,000 sources, has contributed to the landing of the three-wing bird scenes throughout the country. 687,000 units were sold in the first three quarters of 2020, representing an increase of 24.5 per cent compared to the 24.5 per cent; the net was tied to the Quantities.
A 116% increase in the same year, and a 225% increase in September 2020 for Hale Jishu Day. Dollars. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Assumption 1: ice washing into the replacement cycle and product structure acceleration.
Assumption 2: As corporate high-end brands continue to function, domestic and foreign operations recover rapidly, and corporate profitability is expected to continue to rise Assumption 3: Companies focus on efficient retail outlets and deepen reform efficiency gains, their cost rates are expected to remain relatively stable, and Noro has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.