The price of mdi fell sharply, and the company's performance remained excellent The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: the company released a fast-track performance report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $60.62 billion in 2018, a year-on-year increase
In the second quarter of 2018, the country’s aggregate mdi price opened a downward route, with a mainstream average price of $19184 per ton in the Shandong region last year, compared to 2017.
The average price fell by 28.6 per cent, and in 2018 the aggregate mdi averaged $6,172/t. The price was much faster down the road than in 2017, and the average price fell to $12,567/t in Shandong in the fourth quarter, 57.1 per cent in the same period, and the lowest price fell to $11,200/t, while the level of industry Maori was even greater.
The decline in mdi prices and the decline in profitability levels were important reasons for the company ' s performance in 2018. At the same time, the company ' s net return profit fell by only 4.7 per cent in 2018, reflecting its excellent cost-control capacity, as well as the rapid development of petrochemical operations and new material business plates in 2018.
The dollar/tonne rebounds to the current level of about $15,000/t. Following Basov's upturn in March, the sum of $1,400 to $15,000/t, the sum of $2,000/tonne in March, and $1,000/t in pure mdi.
The convergence of mdi will remain strong in the near future. At the same time, it is reported that the failure of the Coth distillation device will affect the future supply of pure mdi, and that the time for resumption has not yet been determined. Since this year, the export Chinese market has been poorly profitable in the vicinity of Japan’s Sani and South Korea’s Jin Won/tonne, and has turned to the export South-East Asian market in January.
The total increase in domestic export and import patterns has been modified by a decline of 18 per cent in the total volume of mdi imports, a 0.6 per cent increase in the volume of exports, a further strengthening of the global industry leader position in the United States and the United States, where the public sector has now completed the overall listing of the chemical industry panels and increased the capacity of the mdi equity sector to more than 2 million tons.
It has become the largest production company in the world, with a price increase of 1,000 yuan per ton, and the company's pre-tax profits as a whole have been marketed and started growing in the future. The company's merger of smoke stations, Manhua Chemical Co. Ltd. & Linkage has been fully completed, with 100% of the bc shares, 25.5% and 25.5% in the future held by the MCF.
8% WCP will be injected into listed companies, bringing the entire list of chemical assets under the banner of WCP, and resolving the competition that has existed since the acquisition of bc chemistry in 2011 by the industry. Hungary bc is the largest manufacturer of mdi and tdi in Central and Eastern Europe, with a mdi capacity of 300,000 tons and tdi.
A quarter of a million tons, covering Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, with capacity for the eighth largest polyurethane production company in the world, will be deployed (and built) in three major markets in Asia, Europe, and the Americas, thus also leading to the globalization of corporate production and operations.
The project, the next 1 million tons of large new material projects, such as the Mma/pmma project, will open up the room for corporate growth and continue to raise the company’s performance. It is believed that the company’s future will be furthered by expanding the capacity of the mdi project and building numerous petrochemical, new materials projects.
To move away from dependence on the profitability of mdi products and to diversify the income structure, the future will be global in the form of 10,000 watts of chemistry (600309): the “buy-in” rating maintained by Chemical Excellence at the price of polymermdi.
2. Mandarin chemistry (600309): the popular report of excellent performance, followed by the emergence of the chemicals industry (208-03-13)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.