The solar system is growing robustly and self-reflectively - the first-ever coverage of the report is by the "a+h" as the country's first-ever "a+h" local state-owned motor vehicle group, with business coverage.
Upstream auto research and development, spare parts manufacturing, car manufacturing and downstream auto commerce, automobiles, and the Guangzhou Auto Industry Group have financial, mobile whole-of-industry layouts, and the branding of the joint ventures in the whole car is consistent with autonomous brands.
Firms 60.19 per cent Development, especially solar joint ventures, with a steady increase in city occupancy, autonomous branding for almost two years, temporary pressure on autonomous brands, expected improvement in performance: a surge in broad-banded autonomy
Long genes, the sale of autonomous brands increased from 17,000 to 535,000 in 2010-2018, with a high of 63.7 per cent in cagr, the first of which was lost in 2016, profitable for three years in a row in 2016-2018 and achieved in 2019 by core vehicle-type transmission gs4
The impact of the downside of the end of the life cycle and of the overall industry, the revenue from the sale of cars, the relative depth of the shares, 300 indexes, the impact of the downside and the increased competition in the subv, the increased efforts of companies to develop their own brand names, and push.
Motivated research integration, light-loaded proactive access to channel stocks, while insisting on the development of a new Gpma platform modular architecture and the timely launch of a second generation of wide-blown air transfer gs4, as well as on the development of new energy and smart network cars, aionss and aionslx sales.
With the market recognition of the new quadrupling field, Prominently Promulgation Corporation, which is expected to lose its autonomy, driven by a large number of heavy-pound and new-energy car sales, is expected to usher in a new era of quality development, with a steady increase in “two-field” sales: domestic automobiles are moving low.
During the growth phase, the increase in consumer secondary demand contributed to the improvement of the quality of automobile consumption, the solar system, the advantages of guaranteed quality, higher reliability, high preservation rates and good fuel economy, which led to a new era of stable development in the country with the brand of the two fields.
In the short term, the roll-out of the new product lines and new energy vehicles is expected to guarantee a steady increase in sales of the two fields; in the medium and long term, the utilization of the two fields has exceeded 100 per cent over the last three years, and the supply of and demand for the two fields is inadequate.
S02705180001, which is expected to boost the share of solar joint brands.
The expected improvement in sound development and autonomous performance covered for the first time an “enhanced” rating.1 The local state owned and jointly owned holding automobiles group, Guangzhou Automobile Group Inc., formerly Guangzhou Automobile Group Ltd., established in 1997, 2005
In June, the reorganization was changed to Guangzhou Motors Group, Inc., which was listed in shares h and a in August 2010 and March 2012, respectively, as the country ' s first large local state-owned motor vehicle group to achieve a+h shares as a whole. Companies insist on joint ventures and autonomous innovation to develop together, two decades of wind and rain, resulting in research and development, whole cars (cars, motorcycles), etc.
Automobile groups in the entire industrial chain, including spare parts, automobile trade services, automobile finance, etc., with the core business of the whole plate, a joint venture with international auto groups Honda, Toyota, Fiat, Mitsubishi, etc., was formed in 2008 and 2017, respectively, to form “Autonomous + Japan joint venture + Europe and America” (Associate + Japan joint venture + Europe and America).
It's a three-pronged common development pattern. For the seventh year in a row since 2013, the company has been in the Fortune world looking forward, and the company, building on five strong sections, has fully upgraded its “new quadrupling” of cars, and the company will strive to gain entry into the world in 2027, the 30th anniversary of the company's founding.
1.2. Local State-owned holdings, deeply market-based reform governance has stimulated the dynamism of enterprises Corporate holdings are the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., which holds a total of 5,499,140,069 shares, or about the company ' s head stock, through a master board, port and Hong Kong ' s full capital.
The company’s governance structure has been improved, especially since it joined the list of “National Business Reform Bien” published by the State Council’s Leadership Group in 2018, to promote the reform of the “two hundred actions” programme and to promote change in business career managers.
The reform, the creation of mechanisms to accommodate faults, the promotion and implementation of equity incentives and mobility programmes; and the implementation of organizational reforms, the introduction of a large-scale system of management, the strengthening of the management of functions, the restructuring of the Volkswagen Finkle Mechanism, etc., the improvement of management efficiency in the various sectors and the optimization of the group's allocation of resources have greatly stimulated the dynamism of enterprises and their staff.
Figure 2: Wide-bond group equity structure and major business plates 1.3. Business plates are rich, industrial chain layout is perfect. Companies adhere to a strategy of autonomous branding, Japanese joint ventures and Euro-American joint ventures for smooth common development after more than 20 years.
In particular, the company’s research and development plate is dominated by a wide-scale research institute: the whole car section is dominated by the company’s wide-blown and co-operative companies, Toyota, Hirono and Hiro.
It is made up of the Bulfic and the Guangcar Mitsubishi, which are produced mainly through the joint company Hiro Hino and the consortium Hiro Yadi, while the motorcycles are produced through the joint company Kuchi Honda; the commercial and trade services section is made up mainly of the subsidiaries Guangbot, the Great Holy Science and Technology and the consortium's logistics, which provide support services around the industrial chain and are provided through, for example, travel trips.
Innovative mobile travel operations: Parts and components are mainly managed by the subsidiary ' s wide-voltage components and are produced by the consortium ' s wide-range engine, Shanghai Yono; finally, the financial section provides services mainly through the subsidiary ' s wide-air finance, China ' s investment capital, large-air capital, public-goods insurance, and the joint venture ' s wide-breeding pool.
In China, the flag is dominated by five passenger vehicle brands, which cover the entire area of the vehicle, divided mainly into fuel trucks and energy conservation and new energy, two types, including 15 series of cars, 25 series of suv and 3 series of mpv, of which there are 14 wide-broad-broad-broad-blows, 10 wide-bang Honda, 6 wide-bold Toyota, 4 wide-flick, and 3 wide-bang Mitsubishi 3.
The layout allows companies to create upstream/downstream synergies, expand profit growth points, and thus increase the number of companies competing in combination. 2. Solar system is growing steadily and temporarily, and since the stock market, it has benefited from the smooth and rapid development of autonomous brands, and the firm growth of corporate revenue has been maintained in 2010-2018.
The resistance to cars in the country led to a decline in the profitability of the solar joint venture, which in fact increased the net profits of shareholders in listed companies from 2.67 billion yuan to 10.9 billion yuan in 2013-2018, and the net profits of capr to 32.5% more than in the period, owing to the strong profitability of the joint venture than of autonomous brands.
In 2019, as a result of the continuing downside of the industry, corporate revenue and net profits fell significantly.
The competitive strength of products, while autonomous brands, influenced by industry factors, national six-way switch policies and the end of the life cycle of the star car gs4, have reduced their profits considerably, at a loss of about $3.42 billion, and are expected to lose in 2020 as the stimulus drive has led to a weak recovery in the industry and the launch of the new gs4 model.
The company’s profitability is still more advanced than that of other groups in the industry, we choose Māori for sales, net profits from sales, roe indicators as a measure of business’s profitability, compared to the company’s shareholdings in the Ján, Walle, Jili, Biadi, East Wind.
With only 6.9 per cent of the Māori rate falling more than in previous years as a result of the ageing of industry and corporate ownership brands in 2019, with the exception of 2019, where the Māori rate of the company has been ranked among the top three comparable groups; net interest rates, which have benefited from the strong profitability of the joint venture brands, Honda and Toyota, and the net profit of the company is ranked among the comparable groups of automobiles.
For the first 2; for the net equity interest rate, in 2017, net equity was ranked 2nd higher because of the higher profitability of the autonomous brand, while for other years it was slightly behind in comparison with the average. The overall assessment was that the profitability and autonomous branding, which benefited from the excellence of the joint venture brand, still had greater development potential, and corporate profitability combined.
Top-heavy levels in ranking. Chart 8: Māori ratio of comparable companies 2.2, volume of sales steady increase and city share continues to rise
For the first time, one million and two million sales were broken. In 2019, under the weather of the passenger industry, group sales grew at a rate of 4.0 per cent on a par, which was the only negative growth year since the group was listed, while in the first half of 2020, under the new crown, the group sales increased by only 825,000 vehicles, at a rate of 17.5 per cent, at an all-time low.
This is better than the 22.4 per cent increase in the car industry, where the joint venture performed the best, with 318,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same period, which is a rare and positive growth business, while the joint brands of Hiro-Toyota, Hiro-Bosca Fiat, Hiro-Toyoto Mitsubishi and others were affected by a slight increase, with 138,000 vehicles sold half a year by autonomous brands and cars, as a result of the second.
In terms of the company ' s sales structure, from 2012 to the present, the joint venture has been ranked third in terms of sales of Honda, Toyota and Autonomous Brands, and contributes to the group ' s main sales volume, which has grown from 316,000 to 316,000.
Up to 771,000 vehicles, or 13.6 per cent of the cagr, and an average of 35.7 per cent of the Group ' s sales over the past three years; the size of the Toyota Toyota sales increased from 250 million to 682,000 vehicles, up from 15.4 per cent; and the contribution to the Group ' s sales in recent years has been larger, reaching 33.1 per cent in 2019, an increase of 6.1 pt from the previous year; and the volume of the automobile sales from 2012 was increased by a large number of autonomous brands.
Thirty-three thousand vehicles grew to 385,000 in 2019, with cagr as high as 42.3 per cent of sales to the group and Pida in 2019. From a market-based perspective, total sales to the group may have declined as a result of industry factors, but the market-based ratio has been steadily rising, reflecting a higher overall strength of the coffers than the industry average.
The share of sales in the domestic car market rose from 4.6 per cent in 2012 to 9.6 per cent in 2019, of which the market share in 2019 was 3.6 per cent and 3.2 per cent, respectively, both historicly high, with a sharp drop in the sales of the autonomous branding industry and the old car pattern, leading to a slight decline in market ownership in 2019 compared to the previous year.
In the first half of 2020, although the epidemic led to a greater reduction in domestic vehicle sales, the market share of companies increased by 0.9 to 10.5 per cent compared to 2019, further demonstrating that corporate joint ventures and autonomous brands remained relatively competitive in the context of the phase-out of industry end-state brands.
Toyota has a steady share of 4.0% and 4.1%, respectively, updated historical records and 1.8% of autonomous branding, and we believe that as the country moves into low-growth maturity, consumer demand for consumer consumption increases, leading to lower demand for start-ups and increased demand for buy-in, which has become more demanding for the quality of cars, and that it has become more demanding for the quality of the cars, and that it has become more volatile, and it has become soota-rich.
There is still much room for improvement in market access, thanks to the quality of the excellent products and brand influence, as well as for a wide array of autonomous brands, which are expected to recover and increase with the ability to innovate in products that respond quickly to domestic demand for consumption.
Figure 14: Group solar brand sales continue to increase by 2.3, self-sustaining temporary pressure, and positive adjustment is expected.
The impact of this approach, which was rapidly rising in terms of the quality of the product and the satisfaction of after-sales services, was once a champion of its own brand, which grew from 17,000 to 535,000 in 2011-2018, with cagr as much as it could benefit from the market’s popularity of heavy-pound vehicles, such as the gs4.
Suv is the dominant advantage of the company, and the cars and mpv markets are relatively less competitive, with a mass traffic ratio of 69.30 per cent in 2019, and cars and mpv sales of about 15 per cent. In terms of the model, the first generation of gs4 is listed precisely in line with the heat of the suv, making it the most popular, and also the largest, wide-vending vehicle.
The highest-ranking vehicle in suv, with a peak of 33.73 million annual sales in 2017, accounted for 66.6 per cent of total sales; but as competition increased in the suv industry, the competitiveness of gs4 fell and sales began to decline, reaching only 103,000 vehicles in 2019, a 56.2 per cent decline in the same year, and the proportion of total sales of succulents fell to a similar level.
27.6%. The first generation of the core sales model gs4 has reached the end of its life cycle with the industry ' s overall climate, leading to a 2019 mass traffic transfer and a 26.9% drop in revenue from the sale of 40.720 billion yuan in cars. Faced with the challenges of the downside of the industry and increased competition in the subv, companies have increased their investment in autonomous brand names and promoted them.
Research-physicalization, along with deeper adjustment of stocks, light-loading of active access to channels, and adherence to the development of a new Gpma platform modular architecture, accelerated roll-out of a new generation of vehicles, second-generation broadband transmission of gss4 launched in November 2019, with vendor guidance pricing of $898-1518,000, as well as appearances, interior design, total power generation and vehicles
In the context of a comprehensive upgrade to ensure the competitiveness of high-quality products, such as the bottom plate, we anticipate a steady increase in the volume of large-scale auto sales, which can in fact be partially validated from the company ' s 2020 sales, which were affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2020, and a total of 138,000 vehicles, a decline of 26.2 per cent compared to the same period last year.
The new generation of gs was able to maintain sales of almost 10,000 in April, showing a sustained expansion of the stronger products,3 and the two-fields, with autonomous four-fold breakthroughs of 3.1, the improvement in the quality of automobile consumption, and the emergence of a new era.
After a period of rapid growth in 2003-2013, domestic automobiles gradually moved into a low-growth phase, particularly as the dividends of the suv market retreated.
186 vehicles/thousands of people, far past the point of widespread household car consumption. In the late days of low growth in the city, the proportion of the first-purchase consumers will gradually decline, and we can also observe that in recent years the proportion of first-purchasers in cars has fallen from 61 per cent in 2016 to 51 per cent in 2019, while the proportion of new-purchasers and more-purchase consumers will rise further, as in 2016.
Thirty-two per cent rose to 40 per cent in 2019, and the increase in consumer demand for secondary automobile consumption directly led to an upward shift in the price of automobile consumption, which suggests that consumers will focus more on the quality of automobiles, the so-called “consumption upgrades.” In the new era of quality consumption, consumers will focus more on the brand and quality of automobiles.
Figure 19: Domestic vehicle holdings (vehicles/thousands) Figure 20: The low growth in vehicle sales, the quality of solar brands is guaranteed and more reliable. We refer to J.d. Power ' s 2019 report on the quality of new cars in China.
Study (iqs), which examined the quality problems encountered by new car owners with two- to six-month occupancy periods. The lower the score, expressed as an average of 100 problems (pp. 100), showed that the fewer the problems, the higher the quality of the new vehicles, according to the data in the report, the higher the quality of the new cars in the solar system, which remained largely of high quality, in the country ' s 19 owners.
Japanese brands, such as Hiroshima Honda, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota and Chang Anjuda, are in the forefront of the industry, with the number of problems per 100 new cars in Hiroshima and Toyota, respectively, being 89 and 91. In addition, out of the 17 sub-markets, 6 Japanese cars are among the highest in the respective sub-markets.
Honda's high-end cars and large mpv markets are among the highest-ranking cars, Toyota's show/take, c-hr, Prado and Rexasrx are among the top-ranked high-end cars, compact suv, large suv and medium luxury suv markets, respectively.
Chart 23: China ' s new car iqs brand ranking in 2019, we refer to the study of China ' s automobile reliability (vds) by j.d. Power 2019, which measures the problems encountered by Chinese car owners between 13 and 48 months in the last six months, and the lower the score means cars.
The more reliable it is, according to the data in the report, five solar systems, one totota, one torto, one torto and one torto, are more reliable than the average in the industry. Of these, the number of questions per 100 vehicles is 110, with Mg in seventh place, and the number of problems per 100 vehicles is 113, with Chirí, one torto, and so on.
Figure 25: China’s new Vds brand ranking in 2019 shows a low consumption of fuel and a clear fuel economy. According to the statistics of China’s car consumption in 2019, the price of small bear oil is lower than the price of fuel.
The average fuel consumption of cars was 7.75 litres/100 km, of which the average fuel consumption of mini-, small vehicles was 6.88 litres/100 km, the average fuel consumption of compact vehicles was 7.54 litres/100 km, the average fuel consumption of medium-sized vehicles was 8.19 litres/100 km, and the average fuel consumption of large and medium-sized vehicles was 9.33 litres/100 km.
Toyota and Toyota branded vehicles have relatively low fuel consumption, of which the two fields perform better in the mini-bus, hybrid and medium-sized car markets, where the manual blockage of cars exceeds average fuel consumption by 6.87 per cent, and is ranked 6th in the market list, where auto-stopped cars tortoises and sparkling fuel consumption.
For 6.58 and 6.79, respectively, the second and third parts of the market list are broken down; of the 10 rickshaws on the blended power compact market, the six different models under the flag of Honda and Toyota occupy the first six, and the 100 km fuel consumption is less than 5.00 litres; in the automated medium-sized vehicle market, the fuel consumption is 11 units of average and below, and Honda and Toyota account for 5 units.
In the mixed-power medium-sized vehicle market, the fuel consumption is nine pieces of the average and below, and Honda and Toyota account for four pieces, with a 100-km fuel consumption of less than 5.40 litres. Thus, a comparative analysis shows that the solar “two-field” model has a clear advantage in fuel economy.
According to China ' s Automobile Finance and Value Insurance Research Board ' s Mid-2019 country ' s car rate ranking, the Japanese brands are pre-empted in different market segments. The Chinese small car market, the top five in three years, has four Japanese cars, and has a wide copy.
Flying and magnanimous were ranked first and fourth, respectively: the compact sedan market, where almost the first 12 were captured by Japanese cars, with only popular golfes and stomping into the top 10; and in medium-sized cars and small and medium-sized suv markets, where both extensive and vast performances were equally striking, with Hiromoto's Yakaku and Jianji taking their first and first rankings of the market-sparing rates, respectively.
Two of them, Hiro Fung Hanlanda, with a three-year premium of up to 74.73%, are at the top of the medium-sized suv market. Thus, it can be seen that wide-scale and large-scale solar brands have a clear competitive advantage in economics.
Prominent advantages such as fuel economy and higher car preservation rates, increased consumer preference for low growth in the automobile industry and new quality consumption, leading to a further increase in sales and market occupancy.
In recent years, as a result of the rising volume of group sales and the positive transformation of new energy vehicles, the company ' s capacity has continued to expand, reaching 2.613 million vehicles in 2019, a 1.7-fold increase in the size of 1.550 million vehicles over a five-year period in 2014, and unlike other car companies, it has been relatively difficult to maintain the capacity of the company.
More than 75 per cent of the high levels, even in the industry ' s upswing years (2017, 2018), were able to achieve capacity utilization. Specifically, the joint venture brands have produced over 100 per cent of Honda and Toyota, which have been in a state of undersupply for the last three years. By the end of 2019, the capacity had reached 770,000 vehicles per year and 600,000 vehicles per year, respectively, of which Hiroshida was present.
The construction of new energy production plants and the renovation of new energy assembly plants are expected to produce 170,000 new capacity after delivery, and the construction of the 4th and 5th production lines in Guangzhou with a projected 400,000 additional capacity per year after delivery. Overall, at the end of the “13th Five-Year” period, joint ventures are expected to produce more than 2 million vehicles per year, with a combined capacity rate of over 80 per cent.
With regard to autonomous branding, there are currently four production bases in Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Yichang and Xinjiang, with a total capacity of 820,000 vehicles/years, with a combined capacity of 350,000 vehicles/years for the first and second plants in Guangzhou, with a primary production capability of the passing system; 150,000 vehicles/year for the Hangzhou base, with a primary production capacity of Ga8 and gs8; and 20,000 vehicles/year for the Xinjiang base.
Type of vehicle gs4, gs4phev: inaugurated in 2019 as a base for the production of 200,000 vehicles/years for the production of compact, medium-sized vehicle products, the import of sedans and suvs, and the addition of 100,000 new energy plants (one phase), mainly for the production of new energy vehicles such as aionss and aionslx, which will be activated in due course in accordance with market conditions
In 2018 and before, the rate of use of autonomous brands was largely saturated, and in 2019 it was affected by the downside of the industry, the decline in sales due to the age of the gs4 car, and the regressive expansion of the company, the new energy plant, and the low production capacity of 55.9%, which contributed to the increased loss of autonomous brands.
At the same time, the company has increased its roll-out of new vehicles to further attract consumer demand. On the side of the joint venture, the Souv product matrix will continue to expand, with Hiro Honda launching its intellectual transfer in 2019.
The launch of the Odyssey and the new Odyssey, with a brand-new picture of the heavy-pound car, was launched at the end of November 2019 and targeted at a young, fashion-seeking consumer group with a total price of $16.98-2528 million, with a brand-new design language and a young market in its appearance; and, in the interior, the continuation of the Honda family design and the extensive use of soft materials in the car.
The prime package is mainly black; on the power side, the fuel version is equipped with a 1.5t turbo booster, model 115bt, and matches the 6mt and cvt transmission boxes, and the hybrid version contains Honda's latest generation 3i-mmd binary mix system, consisting of a 2.ol natural gas inhaling engine plus a two-power system.
The monthly roll-out of the Tnga-k platform's rav4 sister vehicle, Vilanda, located in a compact suv, for a total of $1718-2418,000 between 12 car-type sales, from the same platform as Willanda and Lexuses, from the eighth generation of Camerry, inherited high-value genes, and from the external side used the tnga low-focus design and a rexus-like logo.
(b) On the power side, two new sets of tnga combined with 2.ol and 2.5l double-voltage models, and three new four-drill systems, including e-four-drive, dtv dynamic torque vector control 4-drivers.
With the introduction of Wilanda, which fills the gap in the gas-rich Toyota compactsuv, which sells almost 7,000 vehicles after three months, it is expected that the successful replication of Hanlanda will be another star model. With regard to the branding of ownership, a new generation-wide distribution of gs4 based on the new Gpma platform architecture at the end of 2019 is officially on the market.
A total of 9 car-type sales range of $898,000-1518,000, with a total new generation of g4s increasing in their appearance, interior design, total power generation, and body chassis compared to the first generation of gs4. In 2020, wide-broad traffic will launch at least three new cars, including the gs4 run, the gs4 plug-in version, and the new generation of Ga8 to form a series and make up.
In order to rationalize the product structure by replacing the previous single-car model with a mass-based approach, it is expected that, under a multi-pound mix of products, the sale of proprietor brands will increase. 3.3. New energy follow-up, smart network rapid development.
In 2017, the Volkswagen Group made a major effort to develop new energy vehicles, with $6.4 billion out of $15 billion in targeted additional funds raised by the Group to invest in new energy vehicle technology research and development and in the expansion of the Academy base. In the same year, it set up a company with limits on new energy sources.
Source models include aionlx, aons, ga3s*phev, gs4*phev, ge3, etc., with 42,000 new energy vehicles sold in 2019 in the context of negative growth in the use of vehicles, which is an impressive 110.6 per cent increase compared to the 110.6 per cent increase, including aions and aionlx, which have risen rapidly in the month after the launch of the new power grid, which is based on wide-volt power.
Formerly the country's new energy-car market segment, especially aionss ranked 3rd in the country's new energy-car sales list in the first half of 2020, after Model3 and Biadi's new Qinev, and the future of the new big gas, the energy plan launched two new energy cars each year based on the Gep platform, and high-quality new ones like aionss and aionslx.
Under the influence of the energy-car brand, we expect that the company’s new energy vehicle will have great potential to develop, and it is expected to become another important contribution to boosting corporate ownership and brand sales. In addition to focusing on new energy vehicles, the group is also focusing on the development of smart network cars, which are linked to China, China, China, and China.
Cote d'Ivoire signed a strategic cooperation agreement and led the development of an eco-system for intelligent travel to adigo (intelligence), which combines autopilots, interlocking systems, cloud platforms and big data, has a level-I3 automatic driving capability and allows for a demonstration of auto-drive operations at a closed site level-I4, with the first vehicle-caring model aionslx becoming
In recent years, research and development spending has continued to rise, accounting for 8.4 per cent of the revenue in 2019, far higher than that of other cars, and is expected to be supported by strong research and development inputs.
The company is expected to build and improve the new energy and smart network technology system, thus becoming a part of the company ' s ongoing development of a car-bus-type, one-size-fits-all plate, benefiting from the slow recovery of the car industry and the upgrading of car consumption, and the emergence of a new solar brand, with a steady increase in market share, driven by a strong product cycle and a large-scale new energy boom.
It is hoped that once again the loss will be reversed, but the epidemic has delayed performance in the first half of 2020, with the projected 2020-2022 total fleet operations, 2, spare parts, commercial services, automobile finance, etc., assuming that the warming of autonomous brand sales will lead to the recovery of the industrial chain and related downstream operations.
At the same time, with the slow recovery of the industry and the expectation of good corporate branding, it is expected that corporate valuations will be expected to take on temporary pressure on autonomous brands and that performance expectations will improve: wide-broadness autonomy will have an explosive growth gene, the first loss will be reversed in 2010-2018, the profits will be earned for three years in a row in 2016-2018, and the core vehicle will pass on gs4 in 2019
At the end of the life cycle and the impact of the industry as a whole, the revenue from the sale of vehicles and cars fell by 40.720 billion yuan, or 26.9 per cent. Faced with the impact of the downside of the industry and increased competition in suv, companies have increased their own brand investment efforts, promoting the integration of research and light-loading into the pipeline, while insisting on good governance.
Market recognition of the new Gpma platform module architecture and the timely launch of the second generation of wide-voltage gs4, as well as the development of new energy and smart network vehicles, new-energy ionss and aionslx sales for sustained fire proof companies in the field of “new quadrupling” are expected to be driven by the multi-pound and new-energy vehicle sales.
Autonomy is expected to be lost. 2 - The solar system ushers in a new era of quality development, with a steady rise in “two-field” sales: domestic automobiles are moving into a low-growth phase, secondary demand from consumers increases the quality of automobiles, and solar cars are guaranteed, more reliable and more secure.
High values, good fuel economy, etc., have led to a new era of stable development in the country, with both brands of the two fields rich in suv product lines and new energy vehicles. The launch of new suvs, such as Shakom and Wiranda, is expected to guarantee a steady increase in sales; in the medium and long term, the two fields have been used for nearly three years.
With a rate of more than 100%, production capacity in short supply, and “two-field” capacity expansion and stable product competitiveness, it is expected that a sustained increase in the share of the emerging joint brands will be achieved. Given the robust development of the solar brand and the expected improvement in autonomous performance, coverage is expected to be rated as “increasing” for the first time.
Automobile sales are below expectations, autonomous branding is below expectations, and new energy cars are below expectations.