In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved a revenue of $29.507 billion, or +21.7 per cent, and achieved a net return to the mother.
Of this, in the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved 10,634 million yuan, i.e. 17.7 per cent of the year, Ring Xiaoqian, research assistant in the petrochemical industry, and maintained robust performance during the first quarter of 2023q3.
\triangleright Drilling service, self-upgrading platform operations continuously up, with 15.84% of semi-submarine platform operations below 15.84%. In the previous three quarters, the daily availability of self-upgrading platforms was subject to cross-border tugs and overseas customers
"According to China ' s oil capital expenditure, profit, standby impact, 2.6 percentage points to 87.2 per cent less than the same year, excluding the influence of this factor, the availability rate increased by 0.5 percentage points to 90.3 per cent more than the same year, while comparing the first half of the year ' s profit. "
In the case of Assets Impairment, 82.8 per cent of the view of the oil at sea, the ring's utilization rate decreased in the first half of the year, and there has been a steady increase in the volume of operations in oilfield technical services.
"At sea level, re-heating, oil-coating, technology-driven, continuous improvement of the system of scientific management, rational precision and matching of scientific resources."
2022.08.27 Enhancing technological autonomy and innovation to promote efficient transformation and output of research results, 2023-3.
2022.10.28 The quarterly increase in operation of all lines of operations for field technical services.
Ship services, operating on an equal basis. As of 2023q3, the company ' s ship services business was operating with a significant improvement in the performance ring of q1 and a gas-spill, with an increase of 2.8 per cent, of which 12 eng power-protected vessels have been put into the Pang Sea and the South China Sea.
q2 Profit and Ring Q2 Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality & Quality Quality Quality Quality Q & Quality Quality Quality Quality Q & Quality Quality Quality Q & Q Q & Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q % % % Q Q Q % Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q Q % 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 Q Q
This represents an increase of 452 per cent over the same period; a volume of 11932 square kilometres, or 5.1 per cent over the same period; and a volume of 1045 square kilometres for submarine cables, or 17.0 per cent below the same period, as per the planned schedule for the operation of the project.
The volume was 549 square kilometres, a 15.3 per cent decrease over the same period.
On the third, interest-rate fluctuations in the financial markets have affected higher interest-rate expenditures, coupled with exchange-rate fluctuations.
China Sea Oil Annual Plan Capital Expenditure to help boost the load of garments. China Sea Oil \triangleright 2023q4 China Oil Capital Expenditure totalled $30.54-405.4 billion in 2023. We believe China Sea Oil Capital
Higher spending is expected to lead to higher workloads and better performance for oil-suit companies
Considering that companies are expected to benefit from a sustained recovery in high levels of capital expenditure and industry climate in the future, they are expected to maintain their risk factors for companies in 2023-2025, or to increase growth at a higher rate: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside oil price risks; and demand recovery less than expected;
\triangleright Upstream capital expenditure falls short of expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
Research on development and planning, revision of technology policy in the coal industry, and enterprise-related advice. In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Honghwang, a Ph.D. from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents such as the national ministry's plans for the hydrocarbon industry, the construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development.
In July 2022, he joined the Sino-Chinese Centre for Securities Research and Development to study the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, engaged in petrochemicals, high-rises, Doctorate in Mining, Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations, Secondary Sub-enterprises, China Coal Industries Group, who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management of operations, etc., added in June 2022
Li Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre for coal, coal mine intelligence, National University of Australia, Master of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance, Bachelor of Financial Studies. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, engaged in coal.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, in the fields of energy, energy conservation and environmental protection. Liu Po, Executive Director, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023, in the field of coal.
Qin Ho, a master’s degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, with three years of experience in industrial research, has been involved in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, etc. In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to study electricity.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.