Higher-than-expected growth in business income and lower-than-expected profits
(b) The net flow of operating cash was $1,638 million, a significant increase compared to the same period last year, when the net profit of the mother in the first half of the year was 3,076 million yuan, an increase of 9.34 per cent.
The business income achieved during the 23q2 quarter was $66,366 million, an increase of 21.08 per cent over the same period, the net return to the mother, the higher than expected rate of income growth and the significantly lower than expected profit was mainly a one-time factor.
Noin’s new crown vaccine demand has declined significantly, while there is greater uncertainty about taking over cdmo’s operations, drug-flow plates, company sales of 2023h1 innovative medicines have increased by 24.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and non-pharmaceutical sales, such as the introduction of imported total health, have increased by some $20.4 billion, or 22.16 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Innovative research and development has been steadily advanced to dig up the value of pharmaceutical plates. The research and development of 2023h1 companies has invested 1,218 million yuan, an increase of 25.91 per cent over the same period. The number of new tube lines is 64, and its x 842 applications for anti-traffic dietary inflammation were accepted in February of this year.
The listing application was accepted in June of this year, and the company introduced a new type 2 drug for stomach acid disease, Vivinin, which was officially commercialized in May of this year.
Heart brands, Chinese resources, are of great value, of which heart-breeding is the first brand of the prescribed treatment for heart-rehabilitation, and coronary nipples can be used as a secondary preventive drug for cardiovascular disease. In the future, the Department will pursue the development opportunities of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry and dig deep into the value of the pharmaceutical brands based on its advantages.
Investment proposals: Shanghai medicine as a comprehensive, large pharmaceutical company with a business as a whole, the pharmaceutical industry’s innovative pipelines are gradually being realized, and Chinese medicines are rich in resources. We look forward to the country’s deep-seated reforms.
The recovery led to improved performance, and innovative R & D entered the harvest period;
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.