The new team's new weather, and the marginal is worth looking forward to is the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company held its first interim shareholders meeting in 2021, where management shared business with investors. • Let quality become faith, let history prove the future. New dudes always give the keynote speech, “Let quality be faith, let history prove the future.”
"Four Years", meaning "Eco-Environment, History-Technology, Leadership Love, Consumer Love" followed by "Poucha Gene" and a scientific reading of "Eco-code, Quality-Code, Time-Code" in Mao.
A five-line development path is defined, and a clear blueprint is outlined. The new guy clearly states that the future will have to follow the five-line development path: “Blue Line, Green Line, White Line, Purple Line, Red Line.” 1) The Blue Line is blueprint planning, centred around “Dual Blue Line”
During the 1450s, the company was created as China’s 500-strong first-party company and the country’s first-largest-ever company in the province, and focused on making the stock company the world’s leading listed company.) The Green Line is a green development.
The company is determined not to move away from ecological priorities, green development paths, protect 15,03 square kilometres of the town's core, produce areas, build eco-environmental poles in the white and wine industry; 3) the white line is zero-minded, with management keeping zero-minded, making new articles on new white paper, insisting on technological and digital empowerment, and realizing industry.
Digitalization and digitalization of marketing; at the same time, promoting modern management reform, asset management reform, marketing reform of the price system, exploring the development of new retail channels, and investing in the return of the pottery to its commodity identity; and (4) the purple line is a poo culture that is constantly deep-deep in its cultural content, its cultural empowerment and its full impact and its impact.
The new vision, new weather, new journeys, and the future of the marginal are promising. 1) The new handsome will be able to move on to the first line of research as soon as he arrives, actively engages with employees, distributors, investors, and provides a blueprint for high-quality corporate development,
Clearing the way, showing a new vision for management, a new weather. 2) Corporate products will be dynamic at full price, not least at super-high, high-end, sub-high-end, middle-end, companies will all come together to build fists to ensure dominance at all levels and price bands. 3) Management will make clear decisions about marketing and price system reform.
The heart, the reform orientation, insists on marketization and legalization, exploring new retail outlets, investing in the development of new retail outlets, re-entry of gins, commodity attributes, and the promotion of digitalization to provide better products and services to consumers.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.