The performance in the first half of the year was slightly lower than expected, and the direct distribution channels accelerated the 2021 semi-annual performance evaluation in Maotai, Guizhou (600519), which resulted in the issuance of the company ' s 2021 semi-annual report.
Wei Hongmei, an increase of 11.41 per cent compared to the previous year, achieved an average compound annual growth rate of business gross revenue compared to 2019 q2 for the year 2021, with an increase of about 10.5 per cent compared to the previous year.
In view of the low sales season of the white wine tradition in the second quarter, the dealer's motivation will increase after the third quarter. Under the impetus of Mid-Autumn and National Days, there will be a steady increase in the number of wines in the series.
At the same time, the development of the series of wines is gradually being improved. In the series, the company is working to create 5 billion yuan worth of super-single from the king's wine, and to produce 2 billion dollars worth of han sauce and Rao's in order to achieve a double-wheel drive of the series. During the first half of 2021, the company kept steady.
In the first quarter, 2,021q2 pots were raised by $18,357 million, an increase of 7.74 per cent; and the series was collected by $7,74 per cent.
34.17 billion yuan, an increase of 37.67 per cent over the same period, and a rapid increase in revenue collection. As the series of wines continues to grow, it is either a new growth point for the company’s future development. Direct sales channels have accelerated, and reforms have shown results.
In recent years, the company's direct channel has developed rapidly, and the channel has gradually moved towards flattening. In 2021h1, the company's wholesale agent q2 net interest rate has increased and capacity has been released. The company's 2021q2 Māori rate has been 91.01 per cent.
In terms of capacity, the company’s new manufacturing workshop will be fully operational by October 17, 2021. Once the project is completed, the annual production capacity will reach 56,000 tons.
At that time, the company’s series of alcohol engineering projects and ancillary facilities, implemented in 2018, are planned to be fully completed this year, with an expected increase of 30,000 tons of capacity, with 56,000 tons of capacity per year. The company is expected to perform well in the context of the gradual release of the pots and chains of alcohol production.
Year after year, as a leader in the white wine industry, the company’s strategy is clear, with a two-wheel drive of the company’s kowtow and series of wines, the expansion of direct channels is expected to raise the price of the product by tons and the price of the company’s product by further raising.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.