The direct sales ratio rose, the series of liquors grew rapidly, the revenues grew steadily, and the impact of taxes on profits subsided. According to the statement, the company ' s 21q2 achieved 21.816 billion yuan in business income, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period, with revenue rising at a rate of 11-to-one per two consecutive quarters.
Between 12%, the growth in revenue was stable, and the target of 10.5% annual growth was steadily advanced. Net profit performance was significantly higher than in the first quarter, with companies achieving a net return profit of 10,699 million yuan for 21q2, a 12.53% increase, a marked increase over the first quarter, mainly in the return to normal tax effects, as well as a positive increase.
Price increases in the second quarter of the product release profit elasticities. In the first half of the year, khokims generated 42.95 billion dollars, an increase of 9.39 per cent over the same period, and some non-suppliers contributed to the increase in the ton price compared to the increase in the share of the non-suppliers; and in the volume of wine, $6.06 billion, an increase of 30.32 per cent over the previous quarter.
At the end of the second quarter, the company prepaid $9.2 billion, raised the ring by $3.9 billion, a decline of $220 million in the same year, mainly in the form of non-target products (scribers, mashed wines) that began to be disbursed only in the second quarter.
The overall cost of sales costs and administrative costs increased in the second quarter. 21q2, the cost of corporate sales was 3.31 per cent, an increase of 0.74 pct over the same period, mainly due to the increase in market construction and promotion costs in the second quarter of the company's soy sauce series; the administrative cost was 7.82 per cent, an increase of 0.59 pct over the same period.
At the beginning of this year, according to the company’s recruitment announcement, the company recruited more than 30 graduates from higher education institutions, 985/211, and the quality of its staff increased further. The first six months of the year, the company’s trademark licence fee was $611 million, an increase of 9.7%.
As a result of the increase in sales costs and administrative costs, 21q2 companies have an overall annual cost of 10.08 per cent, an increase of 0.63 pct over the same period, and the series of wines, which boosts 100 model markets, is expected to be another growth pole for the company.
On the one hand, the supply of alcohol has led to an increase of $18,357 million, a 7.74 per cent increase from the previous year, a slowdown in the rate of increase; on the other hand, the supply of alcohol in the series has increased by $3,417 million, a 37.73 per cent increase from the same period, an increase of three consecutive quarters. On the other hand, the supply of wine in the series directly benefits from the fact that it is the source of the entire saucer.
The company also indicated the strategic position of the series of wines at the Shareholders Conference, 30,000 tons of soy sauce, and the profits, short-term fluctuations, and the long-term logic.
The goal is gradually being built, and it will give further impetus to the series as another growth pole in the company. On the other hand, the series of wine channels have been in place for almost two years, and the 2020 series has been fully priced, and the distributors are in Guizhou.
The agency’s will has increased, with 56 new vendors in the series of wine vendors this past two quarters, accelerating progress on the “10 million” market infrastructure project. According to the wine, May 17-27, a team led by the Maurice and Liquor Marketing Company led by the Guizhou Maur (600519).
Lead teams to study 25 provincial markets in Shanghai, Jiangsu, Henan, Shandong and Beijing, respectively, and guide 42 provinces and districts to initiate the promotion of 100 model markets, with regional focus, product focus, input focus, continued increased brand promotion, continued consumer growth and continued efforts
The real market base. 21q2, the company's sales costs are also more inclined towards a series of wines, and the market for the series of wines is promoted by Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The share of direct sales continues to rise, pushing up the ton price.
In the first half of the year, there was a total decrease of 12, and the radical reform of the channels has been largely in place since 2018. 21h1 direct sales channels generated revenue of $9.504 billion, or 84.44 per cent more than the previous year, and wholesale agencies managed revenue of $39.505 billion, or 1.92 per cent more than the previous year. 21q1 direct sales channels increased revenue.
47%, well above the level of 4.55% income growth in wholesale agency channels. Overall, changes in corporate channels have yielded some results, with 21q2 direct sales revenue rising to 21.71%, compared to the same increase in revenue, and the expectation that the company’s output will continue to rise in tons, or that profit will be further promoted.
In the first half of 2021, the company produced \triangleright tons of \triangleright and a series of 29,000 tons of .
Towards the end of the series, 30,000 tons of technical improvements have been made, and 145,000 years of development is guaranteed. The Inhuai 14th Five-Year Plan and Vision 2035 set out “to promote the early realization of the Maotai ‘two 100,000 tons,’ which we believe has the potential to expand further to the company.
Long-term, sustained and high-quality development provides the key to alcohol security. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to pay each share in 2021-2023, respectively \triangleright
\triangleright Figure 1: Steady growth in revenue of 21q2 and erosion of the impact of taxes on profits Figure 2: Wine series or becoming another growth pole for the company
Figure 3: Māori rates are relatively flat and net interest rates continue to rise
Figure 6: Advance payments of 21h1 remained essentially at the same level as in previous years Figure 8: Continuing increase in direct sales outlets Figure 9: narrow annual increases in patent fees for trademarks
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.