On 24 September, the company held its first provisional shareholders ' assembly and chairman ' s meeting in 2021 to elect the Tin Yu Army.
1455 emphasizes high-quality development and takes a five-line approach. 1) The Blue Line is developed around the goal of “two-fold consolidation and double-beating” (consolidation of China's White Head leading business position and the world's first brand of distilled wine, building China's 500-strong first party and the province's first-ever 500-strong enterprise).
Core), structural adjustment (structure structure, organizational structure, marketing system, product structure, etc.), strong alignment, eco-development thinking, building stock companies as the world's best-listed enterprises. 2) Green line development to build 1. Quality Development, Good Performance
The first-base pole is a catch-up, pushing forward the “decontamination” and “carbon reduction” projects. 3) White-line development, maintaining a zero-sum approach, enhancing technological and digital capabilities, and promoting modern management, asset management, marketing and price systems. 2. Short-term performance tax rates perturbing, stable throughout the year.
Reforms to return the pottery to its commercial properties. 4) Development of the purple line, which promotes the development of the poo culture in conflict with other cultures
Management's commitment to change is clear and oriented towards the marketing of prices and channels, and the digitization of marketing systems.) Prices 3. " Steady distance, wait-for-tonne logic. " Reforms: the price of Mautai is influenced by multiple factors, such as supply and demand, in the direction of marketization and legalization, no.
2) Marketing system reform: custom liquor has been eliminated and current channels include: distributors, self-employed, direct sales (super-power) and others. In the future, existing channels will be regulated and actively explored.
4. “Stable performance growth, year-round goal secure - New retail outlets to accelerate digital marketing” (Physician Counterfeiting to Digitalization, Crm Tracking System 3-quarterly Report Review, 2020.10.26
(c) Volume: Production is aimed at achieving a tight balance between supply and demand; production is dependent on raw materials, environmental carrying power, skilled manpower, etc. 4) Product structure: adjustment of product substructures to build boxing products at different prices, such as middle, lower, higher, ultra-high.
The new management brings a new face, and the use of the gin continues to boost performance. We believe 1) The corporate landscape has changed since the change of management. If channels and prices become marketable, the company’s long-term logic of “stable release plus price increases” will continue to be fulfilled, with high-quality development achievable. 2) The brand power of the puppies and the mooring of products is deep.
In the context of economic pressure, the supply and demand gap is still large, highlighting the resilience to risk. Recent feedback from sources, double-winding and high-speed controls, and bulk-flight batches amounting to nearly $2,800, remains lucrative. 3) Key alcohol production can increase, or will boost the performance of future years.
Yes, we expect to enter the accelerated performance period in the coming year.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment