Performance in the second quarter is as expected and annual targets can be achieved steadily Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) H1 actual operations are as expected and tax disturbances are largely eliminated.
In 2021, H1 puppies received 49,90 million yuan, yoy+11.7 per cent, net return to the mother 24,650 million, yoy+9.1 per cent, profit increases slightly slower than income increases, mainly due to "taxes and dependents with a high volatility in the ratio of taxes generated by changes in the production rhythm of q1, which has been reported in a quarterly review.
H1 sales cost of 2.63 per cent, increased by 0.08 pct, management rate of 7.10 per cent, and by 0.53 pc, such increases in remuneration costs, trademark licence royalties, etc., with a slight increase in cost but no change overall. h1 cash refunds of $50.270 billion, yoy+8.23 per cent,
Refunds are better. q2 splits down the base to $21.82 billion, yoy + 11.6%, resulting in a net profit for the mother of $10.7 billion, yoy + 12.5%.
(a) The sum of 42.95 billion yuan, yoy + 9.4 per cent, the sum of 6.06 billion yuan, yoy + 30.3 per cent, of which 18.34 billion yuan, yoy + 7.7 per cent, the sum of 17.5 per cent of the q2 khat, has been continuously rising, adding to the restructuring of the bottle products (increased quota for non-target products).
With a slight acceleration in the pace of untender delivery after midday at the end of the q2 and a significant upturn in the price of the untender delivery, such as in the Quaker Year, the supply of q1-stuffed liquor reports is expected to continue to improve without a significant increase in the distribution and distribution system, with strong channels under control.
h1 Increase in the number of domestic distributors by 62 (mainly increased series of liquor dealers), decrease by 12 (primarily reduced pow-barrel distributors), further clean-up of channels, series of wines benefiting from soy sauce fever, doubling of bulk prices for each of the dominant products in 2020, and Han-jae, etc.)
Sub-high-end products, such as Mautai 1935 (formerly compliant 1935), can collect the sub-high-end prices without pressure, with a 10 billion-sized, but strong, backward-looking growth momentum, and a continuous reduction in the Mautai liquor distribution system, with a projected or continued contraction of traditional channel quotas and a steady increase in the direct share.
The channel is very well controlled. 28.5 times. Large channel price differentials and strong brand power guarantee that the plant price will rise and rise, that market share will rise, that future prices and volumes will continue to be smooth and certain, and that revenue will be profitable and profitable.
The annual composite double-digit increase can be maintained and the “buy-in” rating maintained. 1) Downward risks in the white and wine industry; 2) change of management can easily lead to business fluctuations; 3) use of legitimate compliance information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.