Food and drink in Guozhou (600519), anchoring year-round targets, with a strong balance, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company achieved 49.1 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, compared to 11.7 per cent, a net return to the mother, a steady increase in two-wheel drive, and a significant increase in the share of direct sales. 1 - Sub-products, 43 billion yuan in the first half of the year, compared to 9.4 per cent, of which single q2 earned 18.4 billion, compared to 7.8 per cent.
Half-yearly, q2 earned +30.3 per cent, of which +34.2 million, +37.8 per cent, increased the price of the series, and the two-wheel drive pattern highlighted.
21.6 per cent, mainly as a result of the company ' s reform of its system of channels, increased its investment in direct sales outlets such as straight shops, ka merchants, electricians, etc.3 The company completed 50,000 tons of gin, of which 38 million t of gins and wines, and in the first half of the year, the company increased the net number of distributors by 50, with the addition of a series of predominantly liquor dealers.
The overall cost rate has fallen by 0.2 to 9.0 percentage points; the impact of the epidemic has been lower over the years, with net interest rates rising by 1 percentage point in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, while overall profitability has remained strong. 2nd, first half of the year, sales, end-of-year highs, and year-round growth targets have been achieved. 1 , the company implemented a policy of forced unpacking at the beginning of the year.
This pressure on the stocking and frenzy, and against the backdrop of a significant increase in the opening rate of the puppies, the bulk price has risen from about $2,400 a year to about $2900 a year, with a general lack of access and increased scarcity.
The year-round growth target is expected to be achieved. 3. In the context of the current limited use of the kiosks, the company optimizes its channels and product structure to ensure robust growth above double digits; looking forward to the future, where the scarcity and leadership of the kowtows are becoming more and more visible, with the release of new capacity and direct price increases for the kiosks.
In the long term, the logic of medium- and long-term development remains clear in the context of the 14th Impact of Group Companies on the World’s 500th Plan. The value of the corresponding dynamic is 39-fold, 33-fold, 28-fold.
More strongly, the medium- and long-term development logic remains clear, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Guizhou Maotai (600519): Tax fees affect short-term performance and long-term logic remains clear (2021-04-28)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
In any case, the information and observations in this report do not constitute an investment proposal for any individual.