The first half of the year was 2021, and the first half of the year was 50,722 million yuan.
In the first half of the year, a net profit of $50,722, or $24,654 million was realized and attributed to the parent company.
The administrative fee rate increased by a modest 0.36 percentage points to 6.92 per cent over the same period, sales and management costs increased by 10.94 per cent to 17.31 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the increase in promotion fees for the sauce series and the net increase in staff remuneration costs, as well as trademark licences, resulting in a net increase in deposits and inter-occupational deposits; cash refunds of $50.270 billion were better.
Heyuhang@cczq.com wine series has grown considerably and the construction of direct-camp channels has progressed steadily.
Sub-products show that the income from Maotai and the series was 42.949 million yuan, an increase of 9.39 per cent and 30.32 per cent respectively, while the production of Mau and the series was 3.78, 1.25 million tons, and the volume of Mautai rose steadily.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, which is long and has delivered about 7,000 tons in the second quarter, the series is expected to grow faster and is expected to be dominated by structural adjustments and increases in the price of the series, which are expected to continue to generate a growing volume. On the channel side, the corporate channel structure is further superior.
The revenue from direct sales and wholesale sales was $9,505 million, an increase of 82.52 per cent for the same year, and the tax-free trade in Fukuda, Shenzhen.
In terms of dealers, at the end of the reporting period, there were 2,096 domestic distributors, with a net increase of 50 Chinese (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiments in Chengdu in the second quarter.
Quotas or continuous contractions in the city's high-rises highways, and increased direct-camp access can help to increase access control. The company maintains the 17th Central China Sea International Center.
In the context of moderate growth in total volume and continued optimization of channels and product structures, the company was profitable in the first half of 2021 tons, adding 0.51 million tons of additional capacity and targeting 29 million tons of alcohol in a series. According to feedback from sources, the bulk bottle price was raised to $3,700 per bottle, the whole box was valued at $3,000 per bottle, and the stock remained low, with a low level of activity.
The quota was raised in the first August, and it is expected that the direct route will rise further. In the medium and long term, the overall supply and demand relationship is stable, the prices are expected to increase steadily as the direct investment increases and the product structure is optimized. With the onset of the mid-autumn season, companies are expected to remain high in the second half of the year.
Maintain the company’s “additional” rating method, using legally compliant information, and produce the report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.