Rating
Date
Company
Focus Media
Buy
Initiation of Coverage
Asia
China
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
Consumer
002027.SZ
002027 CH
SHZ
Hotels / Leisure / Gaming
Differentiated ad leader riding on new
consumption growth (Revised)
Valuation & Risks
Tallan Zhou
Growth correlated to the new economy
Research Analyst
We initiate coverage of Focus Media with a Buy rating and a target price of
RMB14, implying 35% upside potential. Focus Media has recently been included
in the MSCI-A and is a leading player in China's ad industry with dominant
Karen Tang
market share in two channels of advertising: (1) inner building media (90%), and
Research Analyst
(2) cinema screens (pre-movie advertising). Compared to traditional channels of
advertising, such as TV etc, these two channels achieve greater impact, given they
are in confined areas holding the captive attention of viewers. These channels
Price/price relative
are favored by leading internet/FMCF clients, such as JD, Ali, Baidu, and P&G
etc, which contribute approximately 50% of FM’s revenue. We view FM as well-
positioned to ride the growth of China's new economy. We project a profit CAGR
of 20% against peers' 10-15%.
Inner building media, the only growing traditional advertisement channel
While the growth of other traditional advertisement channels, such as TV/radio/
- Focus Media
- HANG SENG INDEX (Rebased)
newspapers, has dropped in the past few years, we have seen building media
growth remain robust. This is because, amid the intensifying competition from
growing internet advertising, building media is more effective in delivering the
message to targeted groups of consumers and raising overall brand awareness.
Focus Media dominates the building media market, with market share of more
Key indicators (FY1)
than 90%. We expect inner building segment revenue to generate a CAGR of
ROE (%)
16% in 2017-19E, driven by c.12% screen expansion and a 4% increase in ASP.
Net debt/equity (%)
We believe Focus Media's screens (both LCD and poster frame) will continue to
Book value/share (CNY)
penetrate into tier 2-3 cities and the company can increase the utilization rate of
Price/book (x)
its screens.
Net interest cover (x)
Operating profit margin (%)
Cinema media, riding on China's movie screen growth
Source: Deutsche Bank
Focus Media has 60% market share in theater advertisements (ads before the
movie) in China. We have noticed robust growth in this segment in the past few
years (65%/42%/51% yoy revenue growth in 2014-2016), thanks to significant
growth in China's movie screens, which have doubled to more than 40,000+
from only 20,000 in 2014. As this segment is correlated with the movie screen
expansion, we estimate that cinema media revenue CAGR to be 13% in 2017-19E,
in line with our estimate of overall movie screen growth.
Revised by adding note on pg22 that Focus
Media raised RMB 4.86bn in 2016 to
Valuation and risks
complete 100% of the backdoor listing
Our primary valuation method is based on DCF (9.8% WACC and 3% TGR). Focus
Media is currently trading at an ex-cash PER of 18x (the company has a net cash
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be
aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider
this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS
ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 083/04/2017.
of RMB7.54bn as of 1H17) on our 2018E earnings estimate vs. its 20% three-year
earnings CAGR. We believe the risk-reward profile seems attractive. Key downside
risks: 1) more theaters start their own advertisement businesses; 2) threats from
other advertising modes; 3) a slowdown in the China movie downstream industry;
and 4) slowdown in the internet/FMCG sector growth.
Capturing China's leading
consumption trend
Outdoor channel mix is increasing
We have noticed that the advertising industry has remained flattish for the past
three years, as shown in the table below, and we forecast the industry will keep
a 2% CAGR for the next 3-4 years.
However, the advertising channel mix has changed significantly over the past
five years. As shown in the chart below, traditional channels for advertising
expenditure have shifted significantly from traditional ones, such as TV/
newspapers/radio, etc, to outdoors (16.2% in 2016, including building LCD and
frame posters) or the internet.
Internet advertising revenue showed an average of c. 20% yoy growth for the past
four years. If we break down the internet channel, the mobile channel has surged
significantly in recent years. It seems that more users prefer mobile terminals
and, as a result, the percentage of internet advertising expenditure on mobile
terminals, as a percentage of the total, has risen to more than 50%, from only
6% in 2009.
On the other hand, as shown in Figure 3, revenue of inner building LCD/poster
frame and cinema media (where Focus Media is focused) also enjoyed growth of
c. 20% and c. 50%, respectively, for the past four years.
Source: CTR insight, Deutsche Bank
Focus Media, inner building and cinema media
Focus Media operates two types of channels for advertisements: 1) inner building
advertising, and 2) cinema advertising.
Inner building channel: Focus Media operates two types of
advertisement vehicle inside residential and business buildings in China:
1) LCD display and 2) poster frames.
Cinema channel: Focus Media operates pre-movie advertisements in
more than 1,610 cinemas across China with more than 10,000 movie
screens.
Other channel: mainly LCD displays in major supermarkets/
hypermarkets in China.
Business model, upstream and downstream
Upstream - The upstream of Focus Media is the supplier of media resources
namely: 1) property management companies for office/apartment buildings and
cinemas. Focus Media rents resources from those buildings/cinemas at a fixed
rent.
Property management - As property management companies are
generally small and dispersed, Focus Media mainly focuses on mid-to-
high-end residential or business buildings in tier 1-2 cities to guarantee
their advertising exposure to potential targeted high-end clients.
Cinema - From 2010 to 2014, the number of cinemas in China increased
from 2,000 to 8,878 and the number of screens increased from 6,256 to
41,179 from 2014 to 2015. In the coming years, we believe the growth
of urban cinemas will slow down but will still enjoy double-digit growth
(CAGR of c. 12% during 2017-19E).
Downstream - The downstream of Focus Media is the advertiser, who is the client.
Key clients of Focus Media are mainly from the internet/FMCG/Homecare etc, as
listed in the table below.
Source: Company data
FMCG sector - For a long time, the industries that spend a large
amount of money on advertising have been home-care products, food &
beverages, pharmaceuticals.
In recent years, disposable income per capita has substantially
increased, as shown in the chart below.
Source: State Statistical Bureau
In the meantime, brand recognition among consumers has also
largely improved.
Therefore, industries with large advertising budgets maintain or
even increase their advertising spending every year.
TMT sector - On the other hand, the advertising amount from Internet
companies has also significantly increased. This is mainly driven by: 1)
the rapid development of the Internet (especially mobile Internet), 2) the
increasing popularity of e-commerce, 3) the explosive growth of different
kinds of mobile phone apps, and 4) the intensifying competition among
internet enterprises. Advertising plays an increasingly important role in
establishing brand image and promoting products' function.
Source: Company data
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Building media, dominant
position in China
A much more efficient channel
Focus Media's advertising channel is mainly residential and business building
media in tier 1 and tier 2 cities in China. LCD displays and poster frames are
installed inside a lift or on the wall of a lift waiting area. According to data from
EntGroup, Focus Media dominates the lift LCD/poster frame media market with
market share of 95%/73%. In addition, the company also leads the cinema media
by 60% market share as of 2016.
Question 1, why choose the lift as the advertisement channel?
There are several competitive advantages in casting advertisements in the lift
of residential/business buildings compared with other types of advertisement
channels.
The lift is a confined space with limited telecom signals.
Most people will have to spend 2-5 minutes inside the lift.
Focus Media specifically chooses premium/new residential or business
models in tier 1-2 cities to guarantee their potential targeted clients who
have the consumption power.
This makes Focus Media's posters more effective in penetrating the right
individual customers and increases the efficiency for their advertising
clients.
Question 2, who are the clients looking for Focus Media?
As we illustrate in the table below, Focus Media's major clients are from sectors
such as the internet and FMCG. Key clients include Alibaba, Taobao, and P&G,
etc. Internet and FMCG's total revenue contribution is 40-50% in 2015-2016, as
shown in the table below.
Unlike other traditional media channels, such as TV/magazine/radio, that target
the mass market (everyone can access to those media channel), Focus Media's
channel is more "focused" on: 1) mid-to-high-end residential buildings and
business buildings, and 2) tier 1 and 2 cities. Those residents and tenants living
around the community of such buildings have much higher consumption power
than mass market consumers across China. As a result, leading internet, FMCG,
and auto companies, for example, would seek the channels of Focus Media when
they launch a new product or new marketing campaign program, simply because
this is a more efficient way to test the consumer market.
Question 3, competition from internet advertisements? Not really
Investors may ask whether, given continuing internet penetration, and especially
with more and more people using smartphones in China, Focus Media's offline
channel will be threatened. We believe the impact on Focus Media will be limited.
There are several differences between the internet and and Focus Media in terms
of how advertisements are communicated to consumers.
1) Passive vs. active. Compared with the active way of pushing the advertisement
to the screen, the way internet advertisement does, Focus Media uses a passive
way. As we mentioned above, consumers are confined within a space with
no signal for a few minutes and therefore, they are passively receiving the
information from the display of Focus Media's advertisements. By contrast,
internet advertising may not be as efficient, because consumers can choose to
avoid receiving or ignore the advertisement pushed through to their smartphone.
Barrier to entry: high vs. low. Generally speaking, offline advertising is much
more expensive than internet advertising. Most small-mid scale companies tend
to use the internet as their mainstream way of advertising their products. The
advantage of internet advertisements is that the fees are relatively affordable and
controllable. We list below the pre-movie advertisement rate card for Youku.com
for the year of 2017. The charge for 15 seconds in cities like Shanghai/Beijing is
c. RMB 130-270/CPM, depending on the channels.
Meanwhile, its barrier to entry is also low, in that any brand or product, regardless
of whether it is small or big, fake or real, can cast their advertisements to any
consumers because internet advertising is difficult to track.
On the other hand, Focus Media targets leading companies in each consumer
sector as their clients. We listed the rate card for Focus Media's LCD display in
the table below. The entry level for Focus Media is much higher than the internet
advertisement rate card.
Big advertisers vs. small advertisers. Most big advertisers, such as P&G,
Taobao, Alibaba etc would still prefer to use offline advertisements for their
promotion. Compared with internet advertising, offline is better in helping
companies in the following three ways:
Strong display effect
Help to shape the brand image
More impressive to consumers
Our forecast on building media growth
We believe the "core" drivers for Focus Media should be: 1) number of clients, and
per client advertisement spending. Although we can see the company adjusts
its rate card prices up by 20% and discounted prices by 7-10% for their clients
every year, it's difficult for investors to track the growth from its customers and
their spending because the contract is confidential.
screens
As a result, we believe using alternative drivers to forecast Focus Media's growth
will make more sense from the company's reporting perspective. Focus Media
reports its building media screen growth every year. We believe advertisement
revenue from its clients can alternatively be reflected in the growth of its: 1) screen
number (both LCD and poster frames), and 2) per screen revenue contribution.
We are forecasting revenue CAGR of 16% for building media
Our forecast is primarily based on two segments: 1) LCD screens and 2) poster
frames. Under each segment, we further break down the growth by: 1) expansion
of its screen/poster frame number and 2) per screen/poster frame revenue.
Expansion of LCD/poster frames. In 1H17, Focus Media has 225,000 LCD
screens covering 90+cities and 1.14 million poster frames covering 50 cities in
China. As Focus Media currently primarily targets tier 1 and 2 cities, we believe
there is still high potential for its screens to penetrate tier 3 or lower cities. More
importantly, with their internet/FMCG clients aiming to penetrate more in China,
we believe Focus Media will also cover more areas in China.
Increasing per screen revenue. This is attributable to two factors: 1) like-for-
like price hikes, and 2) higher utilization of its screens. Management guided that
although the card rate price is likely to have 20% growth yoy, the discounted price
hike is c. 5-7% growth every year. On top of that, the company can increase its
per screen utilization (capacity).
Every LCD will repeat its advertisement for 20 min during 20 hours every
day..
seconds) within the 20 min
Currently, for its LCD screens, the utilization rate for each screen is c.
60%. (tier 1 cities utilization rate is c. 90-100% per our channel check
while tier 2 cities utilization is c. 30-40%)
Our forecasts by segment
LCD - we are forecasting a 2017-19E CAGR of 9% for the number of LCD
display screens, and a 2017-19E CAGR of 4% for ASP.
Poster Frame - we are forecasting a 2017-19E CAGR of 15% for the
number of poster frames and a 2017-19E CAGR of 4% for ASP.
Other media (mainly shopping malls and billboards) - contributes less
than 4% of total revenue. we are forecasting a 2017-19E CAGR of 5%
for such business revenue growth.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Figure 18: LCD display screens growth, 2012-2019E
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Cinema media
Riding the robust movie screen growth
Similar to the business model and competitive advantage of building media,
Focus Media leases movie screens and casts its advertisements before a movie
starts (pre-movie advertising). Cinema media in China is dominated by only four
players with Focus Media having the largest market share with 60%, followed by
Wanda Film with 20%. China Film Group and Jinmao share the remaining 20%
market share. As of 1H17, Focus Media had already signed a contract with more
than 1,610 cinemas, with more than 10,600 movie screens in China across 290+
cities.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Fixed rent cost, no revenue share with cinema
In terms of the business model, Focus Media doesn't share the revenue with the
cinema. Similar to building media, cinema media is also a leveraged business:
Focus Media will sign a lease contract for the movie screen with the cinema for
a fixed cost and advertisement revenue above the rent cost is the profit. In terms
of the rate card price, for example, Beijing's price is c. RMB1m for 15 seconds
of advertisement per week.
We forecast revenue CAGR to be 13% in 2017-19E
The rapid growth in cinema media revenue in the past three years was mainly
driven by theater expansion in China (over 25% yoy growth during 2013-2016).
Therefore, we believe the growth in movie screens signed by Focus Media in
2017-19E will be in line with our China movie screen growth forecast.
Our forecast for cinema media is based on our forecast of China's movie
screen growth and per screen advertisement.
After the rapid expansion of movie theaters in China during 2013-2016,
we believe the growth will become milder started from 2017. We also
saw total movie screens signed by Focus Media increase only by 6% to
c. 10,600 as of 1H17 from c. 10,000 as of 2016 (note that signed movie
screens increased by 28% to c. 8,300 as of 1H16 from c. 6,500 as of
2015).
Media revenue per screen (c. RMB0.2m) has remained quite stable over
the past three years. We believe such a trend will continue in 2017-19E.
Therefore, we estimate that cinema media revenue growth will be
14%/12%/12% yoy in 2017/18/19E, which is in line with our China movie
screen growth forecast.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Cost analysis, mostly the
rent cost - which is fixed
Like-for-like rental cost remains stable
The rental cost of Focus Media accounts for 70-75% of its total operating cost.
Given that Focus Media dominates the inner building LCD/poster frame media
channel with 90%/70%+ market share, we believe that: 1) its bargaining power is
strong over its upstream, and 2) its gross margin will continue to be stable.
Thanks to fragmented upstream companies, rental cost is stable. Rental
cost is occurred when Focus Media rents advertising spots from property
management companies or cinemas.
Inner building media - as we mentioned before, property management
companies are generally small and dispersed.
Cinema media - in addition, even after large consolidations in recent
years, the market of cinema companies is still fragmented (top 10 players
account for less than 40% of market share).
As a result, we believe that like-for-like rental costs will be stable due to
Focus Media's strong bargaining power.
Total costs will increase by the same growth rate as the topline, mainly
driven by the expansion of media screens.
With the stable level of its operating cost, total margin of c. 71% remains
almost unchanged. We believe this trend will continue in the coming
years.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank
Valuation
A stable cash business for the long term
We initiate coverage of Focus Media with a Buy rating. Our DCF-based target price
is RMB14, implying 35% upside potential at current levels. As the dominant player
in inner building media, we argue that Focus Media should trade at a premium
to its regional peers.
DCF-based valuation
We derive our target price based on a DCF valuation. Focus Media's operations
are strong and its free cash flow should continue to increase, as the company
dominates the market for inner building media in China. As a result, we believe
DCF is the best way to value Focus Media from a long-term perspective. Our key
valuation assumptions include:
WACC of 9.8%.
Targeting 90% equity for its capital structure. The company is in a net
cash position at the moment, with very small amount of interest-bearing
debt.
Cost of equity of 10.3%.
A risk-free rate of 3.9% and a market risk premium of 5.6% (in line with
our in-house estimates).
A beta of 1.15, the same as the average of our China movie and media
companies
Cost of debt (pre-tax) of 6.0% (our in-house estimate).
Terminal growth of 3%. This is the same as our terminal growth rate for
our China movie and media companies.
A tax rate of 25% (for terminal growth).
Risk reward profile seems attractive if we look at PER-
based valuations
earnings forecast vs. its three-year CAGR of 20%. Focus Media is the leading
media company, dominating the building/cinema media in China. However, its
valuation is lower than its peers' average of 22x, as shown in the valuation comp
sheet below.
Financials
Consolidated income statement
Summary
and 18% in 2018 to hit RMB6,335m from RMB3,632m in 2016, driven by its: 1)
high growth of inner building LCD and frame poster media; and 2) high growth
of cinema media.
Expenses assumptions
We believe Focus Media's gross margin will remain stable and net margin
will expand, as we expect operating expenses to decline. Sales and marketing
expenses are the main part of operating expenses (70% of total SG&A in 2016).
We expect SG&A expenses to achieve a CAGR of 7% between 2016 and 2019,
compared to our estimated revenue CAGR of 14% during the same period, thereby
resulting in margin expansion.
Balance sheet seems strong with abundant cash
Focus Media had a cash balance of RMB4.4bn at the end of 2016.
The advertising business is generally a high cash yield business. Cash
yield was 5.4% for Focus Media in 2016. We are expecting the cash yield
to increase to 6.1% in 2019E.
The company disclosed in its 2016 annual report that it may undertake
M&A and strategic investment in media relative industries.
In the past two years, the company also invested in its subsidiaries in
areas of entertainment, sports and finance.
We believe that Focus Media may use its abundant cash for strategic
acquisitions in the future.
On the other hand, given that the dividend payout ratio in 2016 is 80%,
we also believe Focus Media will use its abundant cash to pay dividends.
Note that Focus Media raised RMB 4.86bn in 2016 to complete 100% of the
backdoor listing.
Risks
Downside risks
Threats from other advertising modes. As the internet is becoming
increasingly accessible, online advertising poses a threat to traditional
advertising. Online advertising increased very fast in the past three years
with c. 35% yoy growth, especially mobile internet.
More theaters start their own advertisement businesses. Movie
theater operators, such as Wanda and Jinyi have started to do
advertising in their own cinemas. As of 2016, Wanda owns c. 20%
market share in the cinema advertising business. In addition, large
players such as Wanda and Jinyi will weaken Focus Media's bargaining
power and increase the rental costs.
A slowdown in the China movie downstream industry. The company's
cinema business is highly dependent on China's movie downstream
industry. 1) Piracy, 2) competition from online distribution and new
media, 3) Lack of supply from upstream film producers, and 4) poor
theater locations could affect the overall China movie downstream
industry.
Slowdown of internet/FMCG sector growth. Focus Media's clients are
mainly from the internet and FMCG sector. Advertising expenses will be
lower if the internet/FMCG sector growth slows down.
Company background
Founded in 2003, Focus Media has created and pioneered the biggest lifestyle
targeted interactive digital media network in China. Its business scope includes
an LCD display network, a poster frame network, a movie theater network, and
an in-store network. Surrounding the space of work, life, entertainment and
consumption of mainstream people in major cities, it was integrated as the
biggest lifestyle media network in China.
Figure 38: Management profile
1H17 earnings results review
1H17, net profit increased by 33% yoy to RMB2.5bn . Total revenue increased
by 14% yoy to RMB5.6bn in 1H17, from RMB4.9bn in 1H16, mainly driven by its
inner building and cinema media business.
Inner building media - revenue rose 14% to RMB4.4bn in 1H17, from
RMB3.9bn in 1H16.
Cinema media - revenue rose 14% to RMB1bn in 1H17, from RMB0.9bn
in 1H16.
Other media (mainly shopping mall and billboard) - revenue rose 25% to
RMB208m in 1H17, from RMB167m in 1H16.
The authors of this report wish to acknowledge the contribution made by Mengyi
(Matt) Zhang, an employee of CRISIL Global Research & Analytics, a division of
CRISIL Limited, a third-party provider of offshore research support services to
Deutsche Bank.
Focus Media
Reuters: 002027.SZ
Bloomberg: 002027 CH
Buy
Company Profile
The Company has created and pioneered the biggest lifestyle
targeted interactive digital media network for China. Its business
scope includes LCD display network, poster frame network, movie
theatre network, and in-store network. Surrounding the space of
work, life, entertainment and consumption of mainstream people
in major cities, it was integrated as the biggest life space media
network in China.
Source: Company data, Deutsche Securities estimates
Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Tallan Zhou
Historical recommendations and target price. Focus Media (002027.SZ)
(as of 09/18/2017)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
Deutsche Bank
09/15/2017
Buy, Target Price Change CNY 14,00 Tallan Zhou
Equity Rating Key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total share-holder
return (TSR = percentage change in share price from current
price to projected target price plus pro-jected dividend yield),
we recommend that investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-holder
return, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and,
based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a Buy
or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices
supersede previously published research.
Hotels / Leisure / Gaming
Focus Media
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of these websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report,
or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche Bank may
act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken
in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked
analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ
from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are
paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes
have shorter-term trade ideas that are consistent or inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer term ratings. Trade
by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or sector delineated over a time frame of no
less than two weeks. In addition to SOLAR ideas, the analysts named in this report may from time to time discuss with
our clients, Deutsche Bank salespersons and Deutsche Bank traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts
or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report,
which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as
described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient
thereof if any opinion, forecast or estimate contained herein changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Coverage and
the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst concerned or of
the Research Department Management and as such the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report
is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments
or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst ^\prime s
judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make
their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without
notice and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
are current as of the end of the previous trading session, and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg
and other vendors. Data is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and in some cases, other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business areas divisions of the Bank. Details regarding
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect
to our research is available on our website under Disclaimer found on the Legal tab.
Hotels / Leisure / Gaming
Focus Media
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows),
increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss.
The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility
(which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or the liquidation of positions), and settlement issues
related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors to be considered. The sensitivity of fixed income instruments
to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to
specified interest rates – these are common in emerging markets. It is important to note that the index fixings may -- by
construction -- lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of the
proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to
a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. It is also important to acknowledge
that funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Naturally,
options on swaps (swaptions) also bear the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.
The appropriateness or otherwise of these products for use by investors is dependent on the investors' own circumstances
including their tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities, and as such,
investors should take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the
contents of this publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a
result of the high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater
than the amount of funds initially deposited. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior
to buying or selling an option investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at http://
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; ( ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government imposed
exchange controls which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
gm.db.com/equities under the "Disclosures Lookup" and "Legal" tabs. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and all affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you, any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information
provided in the materials attached hereto. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as Your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading
strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account
type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making
Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated,
who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions
and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products
Hotels / Leisure / Gaming
Focus Media
and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask
that you inform us immediately.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and SIPC.
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany 's Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Pvt Ltd, which is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)
as a stock broker. Research Analyst SEBI Registration Number is INH000001741. DEIPL may have received administrative
warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type
II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved
in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the
transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result
of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from
foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice,
products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal
and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before
deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures,
prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in this report are not
registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the name of the entity.
Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with
the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according
to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based
on a 12-month forecast period.
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).
Singapore: by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (One Raffles
Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising
from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated in Singapore to a person who is not an
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations),
they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research
may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent.
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be
Hotels / Leisure / Gaming
Focus Media
construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Taipei Branch
may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within
the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West
Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial
products or services are only available to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: This information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company, (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by
the Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may only undertake the financial services activities that
fall within the scope of its existing CMA license. Principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District, P.O. Box 301809, Faisaliah Tower - 17th Floor, 11372 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International
Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by
Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Australia: Retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product
referred to in this report and consider the PDS before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. Please
research-information.html
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act respectively.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Steve Pollard
Raj Hindocha
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Research
Global Head of Economics
Global Head of Equity Research
Anthony Klarman
Paul Reynolds
Dave Clark
Pam Finelli
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Global Head of
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Equity Derivatives Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
Filiale Hongkong
2-11-1 Nagatacho
60329 Frankfurt am Main
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Germany
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom