Good performance, growth expected due to expansion abroad, events of 26 March 2019: Annual report 2018 released on 23 March 2019 by the Purple Gold Mine, with company operating revenue of $10,5994 million in 2018, an increase of 12.11 per cent over the same period; realization of returns
In 2018, the company produced 241.63 tons of gold, an increase of 13.03 per cent, of which 36.50 tons of mineral gold, a decrease of 2.63 per cent. The production of 68.31 tons of copper, an increase of 7.40 per cent, of which 24.86 tons of mineral copper, an increase of 19.52 per cent.
The production of copper from the Congo's Kolwezi mine, which generated revenues of $8.82 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same year, contributed $4.405 billion, an increase of $800 million over the previous year. The company achieved a net return profit of $4.09 billion throughout the year, of which $741 million for the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of four-quarter cost expenditure and an increase in the impairment of its assets, resulting in a decline in its performance.
The process of internationalization has accelerated, with large reserves of offshore mineral resources. In recent years, the company has worked to expand offshore mines, and in 2018 it made another major breakthrough in overseas M&As. \triangleright successfully acquired Serbian rtbbor Group, Canadian listed companies devsun, gold, copper, zinc reserves.
The project ' s resource reserves (by equity) were 1,131.78 tons of gold, 38.79.44 million tons of copper, and 2,242.4 million tons of lead and zinc, respectively, accounting for 65.50 per cent of the company ' s total, and the construction of mines, with the Kamoa copper mine being the fourth largest copper mine in the world, with a resource reserve of over 42 million tons, which would further increase the company ' s production once completed. \triangleright
Ten thousand tons, 41.1 per cent more than year-on-year, 380,000 tons of mineral zinc, 36.7 per cent more than year-on-year, 275 tons of mineral silver, 24.6 per cent more than year-on-year, and 2.5 million tons of iron concentrate, roughly the same as year-on-year. The increase in 2019 will come from the ongoing Dobu Mountain II project, the Luvezi Copper II project, and overseas M&A.
Measured: According to the latest Federal Fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed ' s probability of reducing interest rates in 2019 is increasing, and we appreciate the price of gold under the Fed ' s doves policy, the Von Mengang Research Assistant, moving. The uncertainty of supply in 2019 will lead to a higher than expected supply gap and support for copper prices; in the long run, the global supply of refined copper is on the rise.
It's hard to turn around and look at the long-term trend in copper prices.
The risk factors are: global rebirth of mines; below-expected production of mines under construction; and large fluctuations in metal prices. \triangleright
A Master of Mining Engineering, China Mining University (Beijing), joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research on building materials. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for securities investment consultancy, which the China Securities Commission has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.