The company realized business income during the reporting period.
10,59,94 million yuan, an increase of 12.11 per cent over the same period; net return return profit of $4,094 million, an increase of 16.71 per cent over the same year.
During the reporting period, the company's mining owners made steady progress — 24,86 million tons of mineral copper produced throughout the year (mainly from the Kolwezi project), nearly 20 per cent more than in the same year, 2.63 per cent less mineral gold, 30 per cent more mineral zinc (an increase in the overall size of the harvest). In terms of operating costs, they are affected by the rising cost of minerals, among other things.
The company's main business section, which has been under pressure and declining, combined Māori rates have fallen in the same proportion, while the resource plate, such as gold and copper, has slightly reduced its Māori rate, which is driven by the high profile of downstream steel plants, has increased its Māori ratio from 3 per cent to 8 per cent, making it an important profit contribution beyond gold and copper.
In 2019, production or gradual release, the company ' s performance is expected to increase, according to the annual report, with the successful commissioning of the Tsaosan II (60,000 tons of mineral copper) and Kolwezi II (40,000 tons of mineral copper) projects, which are expected to produce an increase of approximately 100,000 tons of copper in 2019.
In addition, the netesun-flagged bisha mine, which is expected to produce 17,000 tons of copper and 17,000 tons of copper per year.
The increase of 127,000 tons of zinc. With the completion of the above-mentioned project, the company ' s performance this year has been much stronger, and it has gradually established its position as a global leader in mining, with long-term growth space available for a research assistant: Xue Shayang.
The company actively deploys high-quality overseas resources in a context where the country’s mineral resource growth potential is limited. The Kamo A-Cacura project’s latest research report is exceeding expectations, the mine’s service years have increased, and it is expected that the vesha mine under the devsun, purchased by copper in the previous 10 years, is moving the integration process forward, and that the timok mine will enter the construction stage.
With the global scarcity of high-quality mines increasing, companies are expected to open up long-term performance growth space with mine reserves. Given the prospect of a gradual release of future corporate resource plates, the expectation that the prices of associated metals will be supported, and
1. Purple gold mining (601899): completion of rtbbor collection and continuous promotion of internationalization strategy 2. Three-quarterly review of the mine (601899): single quarter
Over-expected decline in metal prices, less progress in project construction and production, and higher-than-expected decline in downstream demand. Net profits are lower than expected, and future increases in mineral copper are significant
Jong-chuk, Dean of the Graduate Institute of the People’s Solidarity President’s Assistant & Research Institute, and after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics, Vanderbilt University, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, Sun Woo-sun, Master of Arts, Beijing University, Joined the Non-ferrous Metals Industry and Corporate Studies in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.