In August 2024, the merchant snakes published their semi-annual report for 2024, and the company's sales grew steadily in the first half of 2024.
The cost of funds decreased by 22 bp to 3.25 per cent over the same period 23 years.
The decline in total corporate profits compared to the net return of the parent is mainly due to the decline in the development business and its Māori ratio, due to the decline in the business income of the development business on a year-on-year basis, and the decrease in the return on the transfer of the subsidiary ' s equity investment.
The ratio of sales interests to the core urban contribution continues to rise, with a strong focus on three lines of red line \triangleright net profit from mother to child increasing by the same time, with high scores showing good faith-20
Number 5, with a strong degree of stability in the restructuring of the industry. Corporate sales focus on high-performing cities, with a high 91% share of sales contracted in the “Tough Heart 30”, which is the same as in the same period of 23 years, the “Core 10” sales industry is rated as having a similar increase in net return profits, and investment focus is safeguarding performance.
Land mass, with a total capacity of about 80.13 million, with a total land value of about 146.14 billion yuan, of which the “core 10” 3. Trader Combines (001979.sz) reported for the first time that: 86 per cent of investments were made. As of the end of June 2024, the asset-liability rate for companies to remove pre-collected accounts was the same.
Merchant blood, snake mouth gene, 62.42 per cent of 100 years of sedimentation, net indebtedness of 59.17 per cent, cash short debt ratio of 1.63 and three red line indicators are in green.
\triangleright’s high-quality earth storage and steadily increasing scale of sales provide a solid basis for the company’s future performance growth. I am here to sell a steady recovery in the company’s strengths in terms of capacity development, soil quality and operational capacity.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.