The oligarchy is solid, the semiconductor sails, the silicon lobes are shaped, focused on single crystal technology, and it becomes the industry: the company's core competitiveness is the molten crystal technology, the layout light.
Vol and semiconductor silicon are two major areas, with photovoltaic monocrystal technology and production capabilities leading the world; semiconductor zone melting monocrystal silicon combined power is third in the world, with foreign market ownership exceeding 18% and domestic market ownership exceeding 80%. Companies achieved business income of 13.7 billion yuan in 2018, with a combined growth rate of 34% over 10 years.
The company’s performance is expected to continue at a high rate, driven by a two-wheel drive of “photovoltaic plus semiconductors.” One of the silicon silicon silicon silos is stable, industry is good, and profitable.
The crystal silicon production capacity reached 25 gw (18gw out), and is planned to be 30 gw (25gw out) by 2019. If the five-phase project in Inner Mongolia succeeds in 2020, the total capacity will reach 50 gw, which corresponds to Lungi shares. The single silicon is stable, and our photovoltaic industry is on the Internet at a flat price.
In the final phase, the industry drive is shifting from “policy-plus subsidies” to “market-plus costs”, and global demand is expected to grow linearly and steadily after price parity, superstitting single crystals to replace multiple crystals, a strong demand for single crystal silicon tablets, and a gradual release of lower-cost silicon production capacity upstream in 2019, downstream perc batteries.
Large-scale expansion will result in a significant increase in the profitability of single crystalline silicon. In 2019, the company's Māori rate of silicon is expected to be more than 20%, and it will be warmer than in 2018.
The growth point has brought the semiconductor industry into a new development cycle, while the semiconductor industry has moved toward China, and nationalization has opened up opportunities. Global semiconductor sales in 2017 have passed $400 billion, entering the landscape.
In 2022, it is expected to produce 750,000 pieces of 8 inch capacity and 12 inches of 6 million pieces per month. It will become a globally competitive semiconductor silicon business. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net corporate profits for 2019-2021, respectively.
The tap is solid, the semiconductor is beginning to release, and the performance is flexible, covering for the first time a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company is the leading industry in the country focused on the production of silicon, the world’s first-ever, semiconductor silicon production and planning, and is also the leading technology firm in the world for research, production, operation, and creation of a single state-owned high-equity conglomerate. The company’s main product is a single silicon and semiconductor single silicon, and it involves a small amount of light-voltaic hair.
The company ' s products are widely used in various areas such as smart grid transmission, new energy vehicles, high iron, wind-power reversors, integrated circuits, consumer-type electronics, aerospace, photovoltaics, etc. Figure 1: Distribution of the company ' s main business plates
Based on silicon, the layout of the two industrial chains. The company uses silicon as its starting point, and has two main industrial chains of photovoltaic and semiconductor, silicon upstream of the PV chain layout, silicon midstream, downstream components, power stations, silicon in the semiconductor industry chain layout, lower-stream semiconductor devices, large power transistors, etc.
Figure 3: Central ring shares in two major industrial chains of photovoltaic and peninsula.
Thus, the average annual growth rate of corporate revenue is 34.18%, and the rate of net return profits has remained at about 50%, except for a few years. The rate of growth in new energy materials has remained at around 40% in the last three years, with semiconductor materials growing at a high rate of 73.55% in 2018, a return in the landscape of the photovoltaic industry, a large space for semiconductor material demand, and good company growth.
New energy materials are still new, with 88% of new energy materials received in 2018, 7% of semiconductor materials, 76% of gross profits coming from new energy materials, and 13% from semiconductor materials. The level of Maori for new energy materials has fallen, but it has remained largely stable, the Māori rate for semiconductor materials is increasing, and the Māori rate for power operations is higher, surpassing it.
The company’s first shareholder is the Tianjin Central Electronic Information Group Ltd. The second largest shareholder is Tianjin Sea Information Industry Restructuring Equity Investment Fund Ltd., both holding shares in Tianjin State Finance Committee, so Tianjin City State Finance Committee becomes the company’s first shareholder through indirect holding of shares.
In October 2017, the company signed a strategy with the City of Tinless, the Crystal Gesture Power.
On November 29th of the same year, the three-party funding was set up as the China Central Lead Semiconductor Company Limited, with $5 billion registered, $1.5 billion proposed for China and $1.5 billion proposed for Hong Kong, with a combined share of 60%, and $1.5 billion proposed for tin-free development, with 30%.
In January 2019, the company raised $5 billion in undisclosed shares, which are now well under way. 2. One of the two oligopoly silicon silicon silicons is stable, industry is better and profitable.
2.1 Price parity drives demand growth, and the trend is clear. The gradual exit of subsidies from the market to push down market efficiency gains has accelerated the process of access to the Internet at par. The cost of photovoltaic power has been gradually reduced over the years in the context of declining prices across the chain, and is close to parity.
Volatile fluctuations have accelerated the fall in prices across sectors, which, while causing great disruptions to industry development, has also significantly reduced the amount of time available to reach parity. Subsidies are phased out, and the policy-oriented model of loading decisions will shift to a market-driven model of demand decisions.
In 2019, the new subsidy policy was initially finalized, giving priority to parity projects, with a grant of 3 billion dollars, of which 750 million yuan will be used for household subsidies, and the overall installation will remain stable at approximately 45-50gw. In addition, a policy paper has been put in place to promote parity projects, making it clear that parity projects enjoy preferential policies in the areas of land, inflation, etc., and that the attractiveness of parity projects increases.
It is expected that the 2019 parity project will increase. With two policies driven by a further acceleration of the parity process, industry development will move towards unsubsidized and marketized markets, and markets will gradually become the main driving force. Solarzoom data show that the cost of PV electricity in the country fell by 90% between 2004 and 2017, and 2017.
The cost of the photovoltaic system has been reduced to $5/w, and it is expected that the cost of the system will fall to $4.6/w in 2019. It can be seen that, at this cost, the business distribution in most of the country’s provinces has become evenly accessible, and most provinces have access to the Internet at a flat price.
For example, 20 per cent, 15 years of straight-line depreciation, with first-year light decline of 2.5 per cent and thereafter of 0.7 per cent per year.) Source of financial prosperity in the East. Figure 10: Cost lines for domestic households connected to the Internet at side-distributed photovoltaic parities
With the promotion of affordable Internet access, we believe that overall demand in the sector is better. Domestic market policy has turned to 531 with the aim of guaranteeing stable industrial development, and, in the context of the new policy, we expect new domestic loadings in 2019 to be 45-50gw, a small increase from 2018.
The speed of loading is high, with 70-80gw on the overseas market expected in 2019. Global light voltage was about 120gw in 2019.
2.1.2 The share of monocrystals has gradually increased, and single crystals have become the dominant demand. In 2017, the domestic photovoltaic market reached 36 per cent penetration of monocrystal products, 27 per cent global penetration, an accelerated replacement of single crystals in 2018, with a projected penetration rate of around 50 per cent in 2018, globally
The market is about 35%. The monocrystal product has improved performance and technical advantages, while, after the successful release of the new production of silicon in 2019, the price of primary secret material will be reduced to around $70/kg (approximately $60-65/kg), and single crystal silicon tablets can be reduced by 5% to 2.9 pieces, provided that they guarantee a 15% Māori ratio.
The average Māori rate followed by the price falls is negative, and the industry’s start-up rate is insufficient, so the share of the single crystal market will continue to grow, and the multi-chilling backward production capacity will quickly exit the market. From the battery segment, the growing capacity of the single crystal perc production forms the basis for demand for single crystal silicon.pv
The intellink project that single crystal perc batteries will be the largest group of battery production in 2019, which will create a strong demand for single crystal silicon. So from the point of view of the competitiveness of single crystal silicone and the downward trend of multi-crystal silicon, the demand for single silicone will be the same.
The country's 531 policy led to an accelerated decline in prices across the industrial chain, followed by a policy correction at the end of 2018.
The price of silicon, silicon, battery, and components has stabilized since 2019. The maximum recovery in the price of single crystal canisters was 7%.
Keeping the climate high, prices are expected to remain at their current level of modest decline against the backdrop of sustained demand release, not excluding the possibility of rising prices, which in February 2019, companies such as Lungi and Central Ring had already raised the price of silicon.
Figure 14: Price trends of single crystal silicon since 2017 Figure 13: Price trends of multi-crystal silicon since 2017 Figure 15: Price trends of single crystal battery since 2017
Figure 16: Price trends for photovoltaic components since 2017 2.2 Increase production up and down, increase profitability of silicone links. Silicon silicon is in the middle of the silicon industry, with silicon production upstream, batteries downstream, components, etc.
Prices have fallen considerably as a result of the relative excess capacity relative to the upstream silicon and downstream battery segments. As the expansionary pace shifts to the upstream silicon and downstream cell links from 2019 to 2020, upstream raw material prices are expected to decline further, downstream battery demand for silicon is expected to rise and silicon links are expected to rise in profitability.
Globally, the production capacity of silicon chain is expected to increase by 13.7% in 2019, that of batteries by 25%, and that of components by 7.53%, while the silicon chain will start to be phased out as the price of multi-crystal silicon is already below some of the cost lines of the enterprise, and will be reduced by 7.78%, making it the only link of reduced capacity.
The most likely increase in the profitability of the entire industrial chain.
2.3 The global leader of the company ' s capacity planning, the advantages of which will be demonstrated by the size of 2.3.1 is one of the two players, with the global leader of the production capacity planning, with a clear monopoly pattern of the photovoltaic silicon chain, which is one of the two.
Lungi has a market share of 34%, the Central Ring a market share of 22%, and the Crystal Crystals 7% and 5%, respectively. The monocrysil silicon chain shows a clear double-head pattern.
Silicon production capacity 28gw, Central Ring 25gw, will reach 50gw by 2020, Lungi share capacity planning 60gw, crystallography is expected to expand to 25gw, and the double oligarchic pattern remains stable.
With the construction of four-stage production capacity in the East, the company's Māori level will converge with the Lungi Māori ratio. The Māori portfolio is currently below the Māori stock silicon silicon business, but the M.I.A. is partially low in terms of new energy materials.
The Māori component business, which we analyzed, did not show a significant difference in the level of Māori in the silicon business. Solarzoom data show that in August 2018, the cost of single crystal silicone (16% tax) was $3.18, of which Silicon cost was 54%, electricity cost (Cold + lacrystal + slice) was 11%, depreciation was only 5%, and silicon was all about 5%.
In the case of outsourcing, the cost of silicon is hardly much different, and after the middle ring has also been cut with the gold line, the cost of electricity, labour, manufacturing, etc., is not much different, but rather the cost of electricity in the middle ring is more than the cost. The biggest difference in cost between the two is that the production capacity of the middle ring is basically pre-built old.
In contrast, Lungi’s new capacity has been higher in recent years, so there is a difference in the cost of depreciation between the two families, but only 5% of the value of depreciation, with little impact on the total cost, so that the Māori ratio between the two households is not very different, taking into account that the Chinese ring is now basically the first three stages of the former production, and with the gradual release of the new capacity, it will be possible to make a difference.
It would have fallen further, and we believe that in the future the Māori level of the Central Ring shares would have been aligned with the Lungi shares. 2.4 The whole industry chain layout, the multiplicity of synergies, the company's active placement of the industrial chain up and down, and the pursuit of silicon co-development.
The company officially started the photovoltaic industry by establishing the Innermont Central Circulation Materials Company Ltd.. The company then actively participates in the business of the Eastern Financial and Silicon Upstream Company, acquires the manufacturing of the Central and Central Components, works with multiple partners to set up the downstream power stations and tries to ensure their participation.
We believe that there are two logics behind this, one of which is that investment in upstream enterprises helps to secure the supply of raw materials and prevent large fluctuations in production costs. Second, participating in downstream components, power stations, can test their products and technologies.
The company made the semiconductor silicon before it moved into the photovoltaic industry. The company's molten single crystal silicon product was the third largest in the world as early as 2006, and China's first, so the company has a very strong technological build-up in the semiconductor silicon sector, and it's the country.
As the semiconductor industry migrates to the interior, there is an opportunity to nationalize the products of the related industrial chain, which is the backbone of the semiconductor industry, with a strong demand for domestic production. We look forward to the company’s future competitiveness in the semiconductor silicon chain, and the company will fully enjoy the growth space to replace the silicon.
3.1 New growth points + industrial migration, semiconductor national production opportunities, 3.1.1 semiconductor industries, new growth points.
The semiconductor products are the three main applications of automobiles, industry, communications, and almost all electronics. The semiconductor industrial chain has three major components: chip design, chip manufacturing, chip encapsulation testing. The chip manufacturing process is mainly based on precision processing of single crystal silicon tablets using sophisticated equipment, and single crystal silicon is the basis for semiconductor products.
The semiconductor industry has experienced four major waves of development and is experiencing its fifth wave. The first is the spread of domestic appliances, the second is the desktop and network, the third is laptops, mobile phones and LCDs, the fourth is the use of smart phones, and the fifth is the new artificial intelligence, object networking, 5g, etc., that started in 2015.
The semiconductor industry has emerged as a new wave of development, driven by multiple demands such as physical networking, auto electricization, industrial automation, and artificial intelligence products. Figure 20: Five waves of global semiconductor development
One obvious support is that global semiconductor industry plants returned to a high growth rate of more than 10 per cent in 2017 and maintained an equally high growth rate of 10 per cent in 2018, reaching $468.778 billion, an all-time high. Wsts expects a global semiconductor market of $49.1 billion in 2019.
The new generation of information technology, cyber-intelligent chemosynthetic models will drive the semiconductor industrial chain into a new high-scenario cycle. The source of Eastern financial booms.
Figure 21: Size of global semiconductor industry sales Figure 22: Global major semiconductor sales 3.1.2 semiconductor industries migrate inland to China
As the world’s semiconductor approaches its fifth wave of development, the semiconductor industry has experienced its third migration. The global semiconductor industry chain has undergone two major migrations, the first from the United States to Japan, the first left behind by the United States of America is a high-morigin link, such as the crystal circle, and the processing and manufacturing link to Japan. The second has moved from Japan to other regions, such as Taiwan, South Korea.
Migration, mainly the transfer of crystal-crystal plants, leaves Japan with high-tech barriers to large-scale single-crystal silicon-making rings. The semiconductor industry is now moving from areas like Taiwan to inland areas, also mainly crystal-crystal plants.
Each time the semiconductor industry migrates to new areas, it is bound to give birth to a great number of businesses. The U.S. era has given birth to Hightower and Intel, the Japanese era has given birth to the Sino-Viet semiconductor, and the South Korean era of Taiwan has given birth to power and tristars.
On the aggregate, the semiconductor industry is entering a new development cycle, with a good overall demand and incremental space. On the structural side, the semiconductor industry is moving inland, and the national production of silicon and related products are entering the global industrial chain.
The domestic semiconductor silicon is a historic development opportunity. 3.2 silicons are essential for the semiconductor industry, with a strong downstream demand, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Silicon chips are the basic raw material of the semiconductor industry and the essentials. More than 90% of semiconductor chips are made from silicon chips, which are the cornerstone of the semiconductor industry. Semi data show that silicon chips are the largest cost for semiconductor manufacturers, accounting for 32%.
The size of the crystal circle manufacturing material remains the same as that of the semiconductor sector. The global crystal manufacturing material market model reached $32.2 billion in 2018, again starting at a rate of 10 per cent in 2017, and in 2018, figure 24: Size of output in the area of crystal manufacturing material segmentation in 2017
Figure 25: Global size of semiconductor crystal round manufacturing material, with a global model of semiconductor silicon in 2018 at around a third of the cost of silicon in the transistor manufacturing material, exceeding $10 billion. In the future, as the demand for semiconductors continues to grow downstream, so will the demand for silicon in semiconductors.
3.2.2 With the expansion of the downstream crystalry mill, demand is strong, and the semiconductor industry is moving to China, the country’s crystal production capacity is expanding significantly. The crystal manufacturing industry is now unique in power generation, with 52% of the city in 2017, while the central core and the Chinese rainbow power are continental enterprises, but relatively small, with the city’s share.
5% and 2%, respectively. The global crystal round manufacturing industry began to expand significantly in 2016, with capital spending on equipment rising by 8.1% in 2016, maintaining 5.72% in 2017 and increasing in 2018 and 2019.
The pace remains positive, with growing capital expenditure on crystallized plant equipment, which in its side reflects the expansion of the global crystallized manufacturing chain.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is now 4 8 inches and 22 12 inches of the 26 crystallines that are being built in the country. It is expected that the build-up time will be set in 2018-2019.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is 3.3 large silicon tablets are in short supply, and the monopolistic pattern is clear.
In 2017, the domestic demand for 8 inches of silicon was about 80-90,000 silicon per month, of which only 30 per cent was self-sufficient, and for 12 inches of silicon, about 50-600,000 silicon per month, 100 per cent.
The rate of decline. Because the semiconductor silicon industry has experienced years of low tides and prices have been at a low level, the world's major silicon producers have been more cautious about investment expansion, mainly by optimizing existing production lines and breaking through capacity bottlenecks, with only the sumco and ring crystal production expansion schemes, but with new capacity.
The global supply of 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon is currently in short supply. Figure 29: The global supply of 8 inches of silicon is in short supply, although the demand for silicon is good, but it is largely monopolized by foreign giants. The global market for silicon made up 29.3% of the global market in 2017.
The share was 26.6 per cent for Mitsubishi residents, 15.5 per cent for Circumpolar crystals, 91.3 per cent for Cr5, and a greater monopoly on foreign firms in the 12-inch silicon market, 28 per cent for Silicon Markets, 28 per cent for Victory and 28 per cent for Technology, 15 per cent for Circumpolar crystals and 98 per cent for Cr5.
Table 9: Global 12-inch semiconductor silicon market patterns. The global silicon market is monopolized by almost a few businesses. For our own country, the development of national silicon is strong.
At the same time, in the context of the migration of the semiconductor industry to China, the demand for silicon tablets, represented by crystal-crystal plants, has gradually shifted to the interior, and our country has come to the best point of time to develop silicon. As a firm with very long experience in the development and manufacture of semiconductor silicone, the Silicon is produced in semiconductor countries.
The company's predecessor has been engaged in semiconductor silicon development, manufacturing, marketing and accumulation of technology since it was established in 1958.
In the case of crystallization technology, the company has both the fz and the straight-lafa (cz), which combines the two technologies, creating the direct-lazing molten (cfz), combining the advantages of both straight-lazing and zone-melting methods, which make it easier for products to control resistance rates as in the case of straight-lafa and the high purity of the zone-melting products.
The area molten products, which support 8 inches and below, are technologically superior in this area. The area molten products are pure enough to make high-power electronics, and the size of the high-power electronics is generally not 12 inches. So the high-purity zone molten products are highly compatible in the field of power devices such as iigbt.
Highly competitive products, third in the global market, first in the domestic market, and first in the market. 3.5-sized silicon production capacity is well advanced, with significant size advantages. In order to meet the domestic demand for silicon, semiconductor silicon producers are actively configured.
The Shanghai Xinyang, a listed company, owns shares in the company, the Central Ring shares, and the Kim Rui-chung, among others. The Shanghai Xin-chung product is in the lead in the country, and has been certified by China and China, which is building 12 inches of capacity in conjunction with the Transistor Power. The 8 inch product is made up of the Chinese ring shares and Gin Shwe-chung as the first echelons.
In the first phase of the Silicon Project, which has a semiconductor, only 8 inches of capacity are built and 12 inches of capacity are to be built until the second phase.
The company currently has three industrial bases in the country, low-cost electricity in the Inner Mongolia region, mainly a straight-up single-crystal production line. Second, the company’s headquarters in Tianjin City is a research and development centre.
In March 2018, the company ' s 8-inch polishing portfolio had reached 100,000 units per month, 300,000 units per month at the end of 2018, becoming a domestic tap; the 12-inch polishing test line had been completed and 20,000 units per month at the end of 2018.
A globally competitive semiconductor silicon firm. In 2017, the company, in partnership with Crystal Gear and Tinless City, invested $20 billion in a large 8-12 inches of silicon, and the crystallizer power was already supplied with 12 inches of single-crystal equipment.
In January 2019, the company issued no more than 10 non-public shares to specific investors, no more than 20% of the total stock before the release, and the total amount of funds to be raised did not exceed 5 billion yuan yuan, of which 4.5 billion yuan would be used to invest in integrated circuits using 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is a million 12 inches of polished blade production lines.
4.1 The projected volume of photovoltaic silicon from 2019 to 2020 is 25 and 32gw, respectively, and the projected capacity of the company from 2019 to 2020 is 30 and 50gw, with a projected volume of 25 and 32gw, with a relatively stable product price, which is expected to be appropriately adjusted for upstream silicon prices.
At the profit of the downstream battery chain, the Māori rate is expected to rise significantly from 2018 and to be more profitable.
According to the company semiconductor silicon expansion plan, future operations will focus on the 8-12 inch silicon silicon project, with a projected 8 inch capacity of 650,000 m/m/m/m/m/m in 2019-2020 and a steady coverage of 12 inch/m/m/m/, with a first “highly recommended” rating of 4.3 inches.
The company’s photovoltage silicon taps are solid, semiconductors are beginning to release, performance is flexible, and for the first time it covers “the strong sources of Eastern wealth and prosperity” and there have been major changes in the policy of the photovoltage industry.
• The need for light downstream is not as fast as expected, the semiconductor silicon project is not as fast as expected, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the depth of the East Hing bond report, Lee Wanshan.
A Bachelor of Science, University of Xian Transport, and a Master of Nuclear Science and Engineering, University of Qinghua, were employed at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection as research examiners for their own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.