Events: 28 March, the company published its annual report for 2023. In 23 years, the company accumulated 28 billion yuan (Yoy-3.6 per cent), the mother ' s net profit of 10.9 billion yuan (Yoy+6.1 per cent) and the poor rate of 1.19 per cent, with a provision for 367 per cent.
\triangleright is due mainly to the decline in impairment losses, supported by improvements in the quality of the company's assets over 23 years.
According to split revenue, the net interest income was between the same and 7.5 per cent, mainly affected by lower earnings and interest-bearing liabilities. Of the non-interest income, the median income was between the same and the same and 6.4 per cent, with the financial operations continuing to drag back the fees and fees performance, the bank card charges were between the same and 31 per cent, mainly due to the company’s active integration into day-to-day business transactions.
Other non-interest income increases at a sharper rate of +59.6 per cent in 23 years, mainly at Yusen's faster growth in the size of public and private loans and inclusive micro-credits. 23 years of total assets, total loans, total loans.
On the one hand, the company, as a local research assistant, Wang Xing, the financial “main force” of the company, increased the importance of the two-city economic circle and the “33618” manufacturing cluster, among others.
Purpose credit investment, 23 years for medium- and long-term public loans, +12.2 per cent, on the other hand, is consistent with the market positioning of small and medium-sized enterprises in service, 23 years for inclusive micro-credit and +13.7 per cent for small loans, while net interest differentials continue to decline, but have decreased somewhat.
\triangleright 1. In-depth report by the Farmer Chamber of Commerce (601077.sh) that the poor results mainly from a decline in the rate of return on loans, especially retail short-term loans, with a 23-year drop in the rate of return compared to 23h1.
42bp, or banks are willing to lower their prices because of more competitive markets. At the end of the debt, the cost of a person’s regular deposit for 23 years is lower than 23h1, partly supporting the net difference performance.
Investment proposals: narrow net income differentials, high red rates, small increases Induced farmers' comptoirs to Qingqing markets, more competitive local advantages and faster growth of public loans driven by regional strategies; cost of deposits to keep down and drive a more narrow net income gap; good asset quality;
The profit performance is expected to be supported by the continued collection of poor prior-period assets. The 23-year cash share is 30.05 per cent, \triangleright figure 1: the same rate of growth (cumulative) as at the end of 2023
Figure 2: Net interest income, net fee income and rate of increase (cumulative) at the end of 2023. Figure 3: Cumulative increase in other non-interest income at the end of 2023 by the end of 2023. Figure 5: Net interest difference at the end of 2023 by the end of 2023 by the end of 2023
Figure 9: Capital indicators at the end of 2023. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements. Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.