I'm looking forward to a higher performance from the next release of high-speed products.
29 August 2023, an increase of 31.55 per cent. Of this amount, 2,167 million won in the second quarter alone, i.e. + 1.14 per cent, ring + 17.94 per cent;
The company, as the world’s first-tier supplier of light modules, has a large customer tied down downstream depth, 800 high-speed light modules are already yieldable, and the company’s performance is expected to be significantly higher as a result of the fall of demand for high-speed light modules with the one concerned. In terms of profitability, the company’s net profit ratio has increased in comparison with the growth of the Māori rate and the net interest rate of the Māori rate.
Basic data: 30 June 2023, mainly due to an increase in the high rate of Māori in the company ' s high-speed light module share, coupled with an increase in the high rate of Māori out-of-pocket ratio; good control over the cost of the company over the period, with a generally stable sum of three fees,
23H1 continued to increase its R & D investment by raising funds for the project “Suzhou Xujiang Module Operations Headquarters and Research & Development Project “Suzhou Xu Xu Xin Xin Xiao Model Production Base Project”, the R & D Cost-Construction Project,
The company's technology products are well-structured, overseas clients work together steadily, and it's possible that a person's demand is in a position to bring more imagination to the company. Industry, 2023q2, the North American cloud company giants (Amazon, Microsoft, Goewoo-Yo).
The combined capital expenditure of Song, Meta, Apple was $36,175 million, a 1.9 per cent decline in the ring. The decrease was mainly in the direction of non-ai investments, while the companies indicated that they would continue to increase their investment in the ai area.
Top investment, 13.3 per cent of capital expenditure will be spent on the ai area, followed by Google, which accounts for about 6.8 per cent; The company is a leader in product technology with 10gsfp+, 10gxfp, 25gsfp28, 40gqsfp, 100ggcfp4/qsfp28, 400gosfp/qsfp, 800gosfp/qsfp-dd800, etc.
Multiple product types, including the series, can accommodate applications; on the client side, companies have a long history of collaboration with overseas clients, and products are imported in an orderly manner. Given the high growth of certainty downstream, companies are expected to benefit first as light modules.
As a follow-up to the outlook, the \triangleright end of company performance will be reflected after q3, with the company ' s 800g product and silicon light module going on after 2024, due to the fact that it will take some months to add a single item downstream after March of the first half of the year.
Relay, cpo, etc., is synchronized; on the client side, the company ' s market position as the main supplier of light modules is more secure because of the long downstream supplier selection and certification cycle, so that the company has both a role model and a market advantage, and the alpha- and beta resonance will deliver as expected with the technological revolution.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: The company is expected to return to its parent company net profit in 2023-25, at a level of 57.1/31.9/23.2 times. In conjunction with the above-mentioned analysis industry perspective, ai ' s significant light lift module is required, the company ' s technology and market have a strong moat and o3 is expected to deliver;
During the period, the company is expected to further consolidate its leader position, alpha- and beta resonance, with the first “buy-a-a” rating, with technological changes such as 800g speed rate upgrades and cpo. Macroeconomic fluctuations and the risk of increased competition in the market: the company’s main product is a high-speed light communication module, for example.
As a result of the future global economic downturn, the adjustment of national macro-policies, the reduction of investment plans by communications operators, the slowdown in market development in downstream applications, or changes in raw material prices, labour costs, financial costs, the economic situation, policy orientation, technological innovation, etc., the market reduces demand for light-module products.
The risk of technological upgrading: the high technology content of the optical communication module, which usually involves multiple technical areas such as optical and optical science, electronic science and technology, and materials science, is multidisciplinary and inter-penetrating and interoperable.
High-technology areas that are cross-cutting. With the rapid development of the light communication market, the technology upgrades of the light communications products are faster, and if the company’s core technology is not upgraded in a timely manner, or if there is a miscalculation in the direction of R&D, there is a risk that the R&D product will not be marketable and that the company’s product will be replaced.
Risks to supply chain stability: raw materials required for the company ' s high-speed light communication module are mainly lightware, integrated circuit chips, and structural pieces, etc. The raw materials are mainly supplied by third-party suppliers. Given the impact of the above-mentioned raw materials on the performance of high-speed light communication module products, if the main suppliers are not in a timely and secure position
Qualitative and quantitative provision of raw materials will have a greater impact on the company’s production and operations, with a certain increase in the cost of producing its products and a negative impact on the company’s level of profitability. Trade barriers and the risk of falling market demand: the company’s light communication module operations are committed to providing the most customers.
Good Light communication module solutions, their R & D capacity, their mass production capacity, and their rapid response capacity to meet customer requirements are their core competitiveness, with major export markets in countries or regions such as North America, where most of their key raw materials originate from overseas procurement, and where future trade disputes between China and the United States will escalate and trade sanctions will deepen.
The demand for light module products will be reduced, the procurement of key raw materials made more difficult, the profitability of the company affected and, in extreme cases, the risk of a significant decline in business performance or even a loss.
From the history of the show, the company was divided into several periods: in 1987, it was created and developed as a “mechanical spinster manufacturing device” and in 2012 it was in the depths.
In 2008, Xuzhou was established and invested in the field of light communications, and since then, 40g, 100g series of light modules have been launched; in 2017, the inter-median equipment acquisition acquisition of Xuzhou has been reorganized, and the company has been renamed middle and middle and has been operating in parallel: the company has moved rapidly since then in the field of light communications, and in 2020 the company acquired the capital and perfected the layout of the luminous modules in the telecommunications market.
From 10g to 800g of the full-scale programme ' s light module production capacity, the company is ranked first in the global ranking of 2021/2022 module manufacturers, currently operating mainly through a fully-owned subsidiary, Xinjiang Su State, and Sioux Holding Company, which also has research and development bases, production bases and marketing centres, including new ones, in Ani Copper, Sichuan Chengdu, Silicon Valley, United States of America, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand.
2. A slight decline in performance, increased profitability, a surge in demand, a significant increase in demand for 800 g light modules, and an acceleration of the dichotomy of light modules to 800 g and above, with companies maintaining global light.
In terms of net profit returns, the share of high-end products such as the net return of the company to its parent, 800g, and efficiency gains from the company’s downside have increased its profitability. By product, the company’s main product is divided into high-speed, low- and medium-speed modules and light components.
Equipment, electrocution in 2021, with a higher share of high-speed light modules. Māori rates for high-speed light modules were higher in 2020-2022 and the overall Māori ratio for light modules was increasing.
Subregionally, sales outside the company dominated, with a further increase in the ratio of sales out of 2023h1. Companies have established long-term close convergence ratios with large offshore clients.
Figure 9: Cost rates during the company period (in %) The risk of macroeconomic fluctuations and increased competition in the market; the company ' s main product is a high-speed light communication module, adjusted national macro-policies in the event of a future global recession, cutbacks in communications operators ' investment plans, slow market developments in downstream applications, or raw material prices, labour
Changes in power costs, financial costs, the economic situation, policy orientation, technological innovation, reduced demand for light module products in the market, and increased competition in the market may lead to a decline in corporate profitability.
Several technical areas, such as material science, are highly new technologies that are multidisciplinaryly permeating and intersecting. With the rapid spread of light communication markets, the technology of light communication devices products is being upgraded more rapidly, and failure to upgrade the company’s core technology in a timely manner, or misdirection of research and development, will result in unmarketable R & D products and risks of substitution of the company’s products.
Risks to supply chain stability: raw materials for the company ' s high-speed light communication module are mainly lightware, integrated circuit chips, and structural pieces, which are supplied mainly by third-party suppliers. Given the significant impact of the above-mentioned raw materials on the performance of the high-speed light communication module products, the failure of the major suppliers to provide raw materials in a timely, safe and affordable manner will have a greater impact on the company ' s production operations and, to some extent, increase public spending.
The production costs of the Division’s products have a negative impact on the level of profitability of companies. Trade barriers and the risk of falling market demand: the company’s optical communication module operations are committed to providing the best light communication module solutions for customers, and its R & D capacity, volume capacity and rapid response capacity to meet customer requirements are its core competitiveness, with major export markets being North American or other countries.
The region, where most of its key raw materials originate from overseas procurement, and if future trade disputes between China and the United States escalate and trade sanctions deepen, it will reduce demand for light modular products, make procurement of key raw materials more difficult, affect the profitability of companies and, in extreme cases, will result in significant business performance. Financial statement forecasts and valuation data aggregates
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.