Larger shares (600160) Changes in supply and demand in the fluorine industry, full warming of company operations
14 March 2018 In-depth study/basic chemical industry Changes in supply and demand in the fluorinated industry, continuously increasing industry climates and direct benefits to companies
The price of fluorescent powder and waterless hydrofluoric acids increased by 5.12 per cent and 10.80 per cent, respectively, from the beginning of the year to 62.93 per cent and 64.88 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in 2017, and the main domestic refrigeration.
The rise is particularly positive for the supply pattern in the refrigerant sector. The country has been the first to withdraw from the second generation of refrigerant production as a result of the destruction of the atmosphere, and the domestic production has been limited and is severely inadequate. The demand for refrigerants is high for the air conditioner production season in January-April of each year, while the refrigerant industry is the result of the production process.
In the event that the demand for air conditioning is expected to continue to grow, we believe that the price of refrigerant is expected to go up in the future.
The difference in the price of refrigerant r22 has risen by 43% since last year over the same period, and the difference in refrigerant r32 is the same as in the previous year, fully benefiting from the increase in the price of refrigerants and the increase in the price difference.
The company’s lines of operation are fully warmed up. The price of HFA has increased to 160,000 yuan per ton, and Māori is close to 4,000 yuan per ton. At present, the domestic production capacity is 3.67 million tons, with 73 per cent overall start-up, 3.7 million tons downstream, 75 per cent downstream, and the social stock remains low for almost two years, with 750,000 tons added downstream in 2018.
However, the production of endamide has slowed, and the profit level of endamide will continue. Thirty-two percent of Shandong's liquid base prices have risen to $1,000 per ton, and the price of silos has risen to $5,100 per ton. Domestic burners have recently faced pressure from a bipolar and pancreatic examination, while downstream aluminium oxides will gradually resume production and continue with the rate of downstream start-up.
The reheating is a further increase in corporate performance. Yuan, equivalent to 29.3 x, 18.8 x, 17.3 x.
1. The People ' s Chemical Weekly Report 20180302: Refrigerants, Incubators, Incubators, Recommended Larged Shares, Coalified Shares
3. Industry event review: environmental factors and demand pull-up leading to an increase in the price of refrigerants I. The company is the leading fluorinated industry in the country
Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd., an exclusive initiative of the Giant Group, a collection scheme, an internationally advanced production facility, is the country’s largest production base for fluorinated chemicals and the largest chemical base in Zhejiang province. In May 1984, it was renamed the State Chemical Industries Corporation. In 1993, the National Economic and Trade Commission approved the formation of the Giant Group.
In June 1998, with the approval of the China Securities Commission, the company’s shares were traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with a registered capital of 2,112 million yuan. The company is the country’s leading manufacturing base for fluorine, chlor-alkali-chemicals, which is an advanced fluorinated manufacturing base for the country’s leading fluorine and chlor-alkali industries.
Research, production and marketing of primary chemical materials, food packaging materials, electronic chemical materials, fluorinated raw materials and follow-up products, industrial self-contained systems necessary for fluorinated and electronic chemical materials such as chlor-alkali, sulphur-acid, basic-fluorinated chemicals ... and based on this, the formation of basic raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorinated monomers, fluorinated polymers, fine chemistry
The company’s earnings from the fluorinated industrial chain have accounted for 61% of the main operating income (including refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated polymers), which has been improved by environmental policies and their own supply and demand patterns, with a sustained increase of 80% in the price of products, which is more than 80%.
The company’s layout and size advantages in the fluorinated industry enable it to maximize its benefits from the 14% operating income of the fluorinated industry’s petrochemical materials plate. The petrochemical plate products are mainly endemide, which was driven by downstream demand in 2017, with a negative shift in profitability, with annual prices increasing by more than 30%, will greatly increase the company’s performance.
The company ' s fluorinated industrial chain starts with fluorinated raw materials, goes from fluorinated refrigerants to fluorinated polymers, and ends up with fluorinated fine chemicals at the top of the industry value chain. In theory, this is a process of increasing Maori rates, but the company ' s fluorinated raw materials are slightly higher than fluorinated polymers. This is relatively backward compared to domestic fluorinated polymer technology levels, and low-end manufacturing is unchallenged.
The company focuses on R & D, with R & D costs rising from year to year. By 2016, R & D costs amounted to $194 million, representing 1.92% of revenue, an increase of 64% in R & D funding compared to the same period the previous year.
Fluorine is one of the four major business plates of the company, which has now developed into the leading domestic manufacturing base for fluorinated, chlor-alkali-based industries, with industry clustering, base-building, landscape-building features, and the accumulation of industrial chains, size, size, size of the industry.
Technology, brands, markets, resources, etc., develop a competitive advantage for fluorinated industries, which are sound, profitable, efficient and large, and continue to be in the lead domestically. Fluorinated products are classified as inorganic fluorinated and organic. Inorganic fluorinated fluorinated products are those containing fluorinated elements.
Non-hydrocarbons are the foundation of the entire fluorinated industry, and other products in the fluorinated industry continue to be processed on the basis of inorganic fluorinated substances: organic fluorinated fluorinated fluorinated products refer to hydrocarbons containing fluorinated elements in fluorinated industry products, mainly including HFCs and ods and their substitutes, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc.
Figure 7: Overall picture of the HFC industry chain, where refrigerants of HFCs and ods and their substitutes are the main applications of current fluorinated products, markets are more mature, the largest source of fluorine consumption in the fluorinated industry, and major products in the fluorinated industry, accounting for fluorinated fluorinated fluorinated products.
60% of total consumption: Fluorinated polymers, mainly fluorinated resins, fluorine rubbers and fluorine paints, are growing and should be gradually expanded to cover 20% of total fluorinated fluorine consumption; fluorinated fine chemicals are mainly used in medicine, pesticides, dyes, solvents, etc., and are characterized by a large number of products, wide range of applications, relatively small product yields but high value added,
It is a high-end product in the fluorinated industry, where about 50% of hydrofluoric acids are self-sufficient, with industrial chains starting with hydrofluoric acids, organic fluorinated industries involving fluorinated raw materials, refrigerants, fluoropolymeric materials: inorganic fluorinated industries involving fluorinated electronics chemicals, industrial chain integrity, and significant advantages.
(i) Demand stability, supply contraction, raw material price support, refrigerant entry into the industry The cooler industry, after experiencing the 2009 - 2011 highs, has experienced excess capacity due to high levels of energy release, product prices have continued to decline, industry has been declining and business profitability has been declining as national policy demands and industries have become more profitable.
Long-term depression, some of which are lagging behind, began to phase out, and the process of decapitating the industry started at an early stage. Second- and third-generation R22 averaged $13,564 per tonne in 2017, an increase of 49 per cent over 2016, with an annual average price difference of $5,584 per tonne and an increase in the price to $26,127. With the phasing out of domestic and foreign production facilities, domestic environmental factors led to raw materials and raw materials.
High prices for hydrofluoric acids, relatively stable demand levels, refrigerants will enter the supply-deprived industry pattern, and the industry climate will continue to rise.1 Environmental factors and policies influence the supply of fluorescent and hydrofluoric acid, which are not sufficient to support the cost of refrigerants.1 Environmental regulations in chemical production have increased significantly since 2016, with significant impacts on the supply of refrigerants.
Environmental constraints in the field of refrigerants are manifested in two main ways, on the one hand, by inadequate supply of raw materials and higher prices of hydrofluoric acid, and, on the other hand, by-product production of a large amount of fluorine in refrigerant production. By-product hydrochloric acid treatment is difficult and is often sold to downstream enterprises as low-end hydrochloric acid.
The low demand for by-product hydrochloric acids due to the decline in the start-up of tourism enterprises, the difficulty of treating the waste acids in refrigerant companies, and the pressure on companies to lower the load of the start-up work have led to inadequate supply. The lack of work on key raw materials for hydrofluoric acids, due to environmental factors and policy reasons, has contributed to the increase in the price of hydrofluoric acid.
More than 97%) reacts to the production of hydrogen fluorine for the extraction of fluorinated elements, resulting in a large, large-scale fluorinated chemical industry. According to the 2015 Mineral Products Survey published by the National Geological Administration of the United States, there are about 500 million tons of mineral resources in fluorescent resources globally, and about 250 million tons of mineral reserves have been identified.
Compared to global fluorescent resources, China’s fluorescent resources, due to their lower impurities, better mining conditions, and their high value for development, occupy an important place in the global fluorescent resources. As a non-renewable resource, our flint reserves are less than one-tenth of the world’s total, while their production and exports account for more than one-tenth of the world’s total.
Half of the world ' s population, which has led to a sharp decline in the ratio of fluorescent deposits, far below the alert level, has also continued to take measures to protect the country ' s fluorescent resources, such as a quota system for the export of flints, a system of export tax refunds to high tariffs, total control over the mining of flints, and, in principle, the removal of new applications for surveying and registration of the exploitation of flints.
In recent years, the country ' s industrial policy on fluorescent resources has been tightened, with a reduction in the flat rate of fluorescent exports from 13 per cent in 2003 to 5 per cent in 2004, the elimination of export refunds from January 2006, the introduction of a 10 per cent export tariff from 2007 onwards, and a zero per cent reduction in the tariff on fluorescent exports from the upper part of 2008.
Although the country has been using the fluorescent export quota system since 1999, fluorescent exports continue to be significant. Between 1999 and 2009, the country exported 9.16 million tons of fluorine, 780,000 tons of hydrofluoric acid and 1.79 million tons of fluorine.
On 24 February 2010, seven departments, including the Ministry of Industry and Informationization, jointly issued the Standards of Access to the Firestone Industry. Access criteria are derived from the terms and conditions of production.
The qualification of fluorescent enterprises in terms of scale of production, process and equipment, efficiency of integrated use of resources, quality of products, environmental protection, safety and health, among others, requires that new and expanded fluorescent selection projects should meet the requirements for access criteria, and that existing fluorescent production enterprises should meet the criteria for access through technological adaptation, enhanced management, and resource consolidation deadlines.
Hydrofluoric acid (HFC) is a key feedstock for HFC refrigerants, which is affected by the lack of fluorescent supplies, which severely suppresses the start of refrigerants. Hydrofluoric acid is a dangerous chemical, and its production processes are very demanding for environmental protection, safety, etc. Environmental enforcement has been significantly strengthened since 2016, and hydrofluoric production has been limited to causing a significant increase in the price of hydrofluoric acid since 2017.
The price of hydrofluoric acid has risen from 7,000 to 13,500 tons at the beginning of the year, an increase of 92.86%. Future environmental policy tightening will be the norm.
With rapid growth in air conditioners, refrigerators, etc., it is expected that future supply and demand will continue to improve and keep the landscape high.2 Developed countries will phase out second-generation refrigerants in full, waiting for domestic supply to fill the market to boost the price of refrigerants.
The main types of refrigerants are ods and their alternatives, including chlorofluorocarbons (cfcs) containing chlorine, fluorine and carbon, hydrofluorocarbons (hcfcs) containing hydrogen, chlorine, hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) containing hydrogen, fluorine and carbon, used mainly in refrigerators and air-conditioning refrigerants, which can also be used in plastic blowing agents, electronic detergents, aerosols, etc.
Chemical reactions with the ozone layer can be very damaging to the ozone layer. Hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) are equally damaging to the ozone layer, but decomposition in the atmosphere is faster than hydrochlorofluorocarbons (CFcs), and therefore less damaging to the ozone layer, and are a medium-term alternative to hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs).
Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) do not contain chlorine elements and therefore do not damage the ozone layer, but the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) releases greenhouse gases, leading to global warming.1 In developed countries, refrigerant phase-out has been in the forefront of developing countries for 10 years, with a vacant market waiting to be imported.
For the first generation of refrigerants, as a result of their significant damage to the ozone layer, chlorofluorocarbons (CFcs) had been phased out under the Montreal Protocol from 1 January 1996, developing countries could continue to produce and purchase hydrochlorofluorocarbons (CFcs) until 2010, and developed countries could continue to produce HCFCs to assist developing countries in meeting domestic needs and medical requirements.
In the case of second-generation refrigerants, which are also responsible for ozone layer damage, the Parties to the Montreal Protocol signed a schedule for accelerated phase-out and elimination of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) in 2007, reducing production in developed countries by 75 per cent by 2010 to 75 per cent by 2010.
Reduction of production by 90 per cent by 2015 and total elimination by 2020; developing countries freeze production of small quantities of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) in 2013 for maintenance purposes between 2009 and 2040, but production is limited to freezing to 2010 with total phase-out of first generation refrigerants globally and completion of Montreal
The Montreal Protocol ' s 19th Conference of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol, held in 2007, began to freeze the consumption base as a non-elementary production and consumption base in 1996 with a 24-year buffer period, to be phased out completely by 2020. Developing countries must freeze production and consumption in 2013 and phase out completely by 2030.
China, as a Party to Article 5 of the Protocol (i.e., a developing country), has formally implemented quota management for R22 since 2013 and by 2015 will have reduced production of hcfcs by 10 per cent from the baseline annual average (2009-2010);
In recent years, large offshore HFC-based firms have been shut down for either environmental policy reasons or for higher returns. Second-generation refrigerant production in Europe has now been completely phased out, and is rapidly shrinking in the Americas, and environmental policy in the EU has prompted third-generation refrigerant production to begin to slow down or even to be partially phased out.
Equipment typically takes 8 to 10 years from inception to phase-out, and there is still a significant demand for second- and third-generation refrigerants, which will greatly benefit China’s refrigerant exports.2 China’s second-generation refrigerant production, which is not sustainable, leads to supply constraints
In accordance with the Montreal Protocol resolution on accelerated phase-out of hcfcs, in 2013 we officially implemented a freeze on production and consumption of ods via hcfcs, with quotas for production and consumption of hcfcs, with a total of 434,000 tonnes of which the domestic production quota for ods uses is 316,000 tonnes.
Reducing the levels of hcfcs to 90 per cent of the baseline level in 2015, 35 per cent and 67.5 per cent of the baseline levels in 2020 and 2020, 15 years of the year when the phase-out of hcfcs was actually initiated, the production quota of r22 was reduced by 11 per cent over 14 years, the quota of r22 remained relatively stable from 2016 to 2018, and the production quota was reduced by about 11 per cent over 2014,
The production quota was reduced by about 10% from the 14-year quota. According to the Montreal Protocol, in 2020, China withdrew its capacity of about 100,000 tons from R22 in the last three years. We currently have a capacity of about 600,000 tons for hcfc-22, a quota of 27.43 million tons for production and a production quota of 18.9 million tons for domestic use. Taking into account the quota of 475,000 for room air conditioners,
Tons, downstream ptef production capacity is about 110,000 tons, and single and tfe router production capacity is about 106,000 tons, with an overall demand for r22 at around 426,000 tons. In the future, new R125 and ptef production capacity will further boost demand for r22 as raw material, making r22 supply very tight. r22 is not only a good refrigerant but also a raw material for r125, r410a and r410a.
R407 indirect feedstocks, r22 supply stress also balanced the supply of other refrigerants, resulting in overall supply stress of refrigerants.3 The demand for downstream air conditioning is good and the refrigeration industry is expected to maintain the climate. Refrigerants are mainly used for air conditioning, refrigerators and vehicle air conditioning refrigeration, and demand includes production and repair replacement areas, as a result of which the demand for refrigerants is higher than the demand for air conditioning.
Demand is closely related to air conditioners, refrigerators, automobiles, and holdings. Domestic or industrial combinations, by type of use, are the third generation of refrigerants, mainly for re-frequency ACs. Refrigerators are predominantly r600 refrigerants, and vehicles predominantly r134.
In 2017, a total of 142 million domestic air conditioners were sold, an increase of 31 per cent over the same year, and 75 million refrigerators, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same year, which greatly boosted the overall demand for refrigerants.
However, we remain optimistic about the sale of refrigerants for two reasons: the withdrawal of the capacity of overseas refrigerants, which requires large amounts of imports of refrigerants into the foreign refrigerant market, and for the period 2009 - 2011, which was driven by a significant increase in real estate investment driven by “4 trillion” investments and by home-based and electricity-downland policies, which led to a significant increase in air conditioners, refrigerator sales, a significant increase in holdings, and current insurance.
There are more than 500 million units. The current stock of air conditioners is dominated by fixed-frequency air conditioners, whose maintenance needs are mostly r22 and demand is around 100,000 tons per year, and demand in this area is generally stable. Since new air conditioners usually start replacing refrigerants after five years of use, refrigerators begin to replace refrigerants in 8-10 years, it is expected that a strong pull will be made on the refrigerants needed to service the market.
(ii) Fluorinated polymers (F-polymer) materials, which, as our policy strongly supports, require large spatially significant amounts of fluoropolymers consisting mainly of fluorine resins, fluorine rubbers and fluorine coatings, such products as perfluoroethylene (ptfe), fluorine rubber (fkm), fvmq, perfluoroethylene (fep), polyfluoroethylene (pvdf), etc.
The main types of fluorine currently in use are: polytetrafluoroethylene (ptfe), polytrifluorovinyl chloride (ptfe), polyfluoroethylene (pvdf), polyfluoroethylene (pvf), tetrafluoroethylene hexafluoropropylene (fep), ethylene-trifluorochloroethylene (ectfe), ethylene-fluoroethylene (etfe), tetrafluoroethylene-perfluoroethylene (PFAE), polymer (pfa),
Tetrafluoroethylene-hexafluoroethylene (thv) and tetrafluoroethylene-hexafluoropropylene-trifluoroethylene (tfb). Of this, polyfluoroethylene (ptfe) is the most important product of fluoropolymer and is called the “plastic king” and is a polymer made of tetrafluoroethylene monomer and is a transparent or non-transparent wax similar to pe. ptfe is heat-resistant, resistant.
The chemical performance is good, the friction coefficient is low, the electrical insulation is excellent, and it can be used continuously at high temperatures. In 2015, the world-wide production of fluorine was about 450,000 tons, of which ptfe produced about 50%.
In 2016, our production capacity at ptfe was about 123,000 tons, and also pvdf was growing rapidly. According to China's 13th Five-Year Development Plan for the Fluorine Industry, ptfe products are expected to follow the 13th Five-Year Plan.
Its applications in the field of online cables, energy conservation and environmental protection are increasing and its demand is expected to remain at around 8%. The product is expected to grow at around 10% with the demand for high-rise communications cables, local area network cables, 4g base stations, smartphone guidance lines, and various special cables.
The growth rate of demand is expected to remain around 10% for the development of major Buddhist industries, new energy sources, environmental protection, bridges, and construction.
In 1201 million tons, the start-up rate is about 90 per cent to meet demand and the industry is at a fast-growing stage. (iii) The deep-scale layout of the fluorinated industry chain, which directly benefits from the all-industrial landscape of the fluorinated industry, has now developed into a leading domestic fluorinated industry, a chlor-alkali industry complex with production capacity.
Industry clustering, basing, gardening, etc., has accumulated a number of industrial chains, size, technology, brands, markets, resources, etc. F-changers have a competitive advantage, operating robustly, making a sustainable profit, and the benefits and size of the industry continue to be at the forefront of the country. Within the overall F-industry chain, domestic firms have only a certain degree of competitiveness in low-end products; they have a high value added.
In the “13th Five-Year Plan, the aim is to build the fluorinated industrial chain into higher value-added, deeper processing, with companies as a priority. The company’s fluorinated refrigerant is a domestic front brand. Second generation of fluorinated refrigerant r22 is second in the country’s capacity; third generation of fluorinated fluorinated hydrazine is second in the country.
Global leader (including r125, r134a, r32) in size, r134a in size and start-up: sub-packaging to coolant first in Asia: companies are the only enterprises in the country that use their own technology to industrialize fourth generation of fluorinated refrigerants. With the launch of projects r245 (phase I), new types of fluorinated refrigerant technologies, etc.
With the implementation of projects such as 23.5 kt/a new fluorinated materials (phase II), 10kt/apvdf (phase I), the company’s production of fluoropolymer products is at the forefront of the industry, and the production of fluoropolymer products is at the top of the list in terms of capacity.
The company ' s fluorinated polymers will be further expanded to new varieties, new uses, high end, and the competition will be further enhanced.
iii. New uses of e-chemicals. In the future, e-chemicals will become a point of view for companies: (i) import substitution of e-chemicals will lead to high domestic demand. E-chemicals are an important and supportive industry for the electronic information industry and the most rapidly developed industry in the field of fine chemicals.
Its downstream applications include integrated circuits, tablet displays, printed circuit boards (pcb) and photovoltaic solar energy. The combination of technologies downstream in the electronic field is high, difficult and demanding for upstream e-chemical quality. Electronic chemicals suppliers need to undergo a long and complex certification cycle for entering the customer ' s supply chain list, usually in the integrated circuits.
It takes 1 to 2 years to display the tablet. Also, because of the small amount of e-chemicals and their low cost, it is very difficult for users to replace certified suppliers. The e-chemicals industry started late, with a low share in the electronic information manufacturing process, but the self-sufficiency of the e-information industry is related to the integrity and profitability of the e-information industry and to information security in our country.
It also plays a vital role. We have successively produced a number of industry documents that identify new materials, a new generation of electronic information technology as a strategic and emerging industry in the country, and the associated high-purity chemical materials as an important area of development in the future. In recent years, we have also established large-scale industry funds, such as the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund in October 2014.
With the support of industrial policy and large funds, the country has been growing at a much faster rate than the global growth in e-chemicals, based on intellectual advice, in addition to the active support of the local governments of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Wuhan and others.
Statistics show that global production of e-chemicals was close to $30 billion in 2010, $50 billion in 2015, with a five-year compound increase of 10.76 per cent, while our production of e-chemicals was 40.7 billion in 2005, 20.3 billion in 2015, and 10 years for wet-electronic chemicals, according to the Research Report on the Wet Electronic Chemicals Industry, it is projected that we will have wet electricity in the next five years.
Subchemical demand will grow at an average annual composite rate of about 15%, with total domestic demand for wet e-chemicals exceeding 730,000 tonnes by 2018. In the case of electronics, the global market for high-purity electronic gases is about $7.4 billion, of which semiconductor industry has the largest demand for electronics.
On the domestic front, the e-speciality market was larger by $8.5 billion, with 42 per cent, 37 per cent, 8 per cent and 13 per cent of applications in semiconductors, tablet displays, led and photovoltaic, respectively. (ii) Corporate layout of e-chemicals. Sharing of high profits in industry, high acceleration dividends
The company has developed wet electronic chemicals and electronic niches after many years of configuration, combining the advantages of its fine chemical raw materials. Through its fully-owned subsidiaries, Zhejiang Kai St. Flute Chemical Ltd. and Zhejiang Bori Electronics and Technology Ltd., the company has rapidly moved into two fields to build an electronic chemical platform.
Production devices with annual production of 6,000 tons of electron-grade hydrofluoride, 5,000 tons of ammonium hydride, 3,000 tons of electro-grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tons of electro-grade sulphuric acid, 6,000 tons of electro-grade nitrate, 5,000 tons of buffer oxidation etching fluid and 300 tons of lithium hexafluoric acid, with electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid and electro-grade nitrate certified and used by leading domestic chip enterprises and with products
Further upgrading and market expansion will result in a gradual increase in revenues from higher end-of-product markets. The Borret project, an annual production of 1,000 tons of high-purity chlorinated hydrogen, 500 tons of high-purity chlorine gas and 1,000 tons of pharmaceutical-grade chlorinated hydrogen, has been put into production and is entering the certification chain for industrial products such as China International, Wuhanhua Star. The second phase is under construction, including 200 tons of annual high-purity electron carbon dioxide.
Tons, 150 tonnes of high pure electron-level nitrous oxide, 500 tonnes of high pure electron-grade fluorinated gases, 200 tonnes of high pure electron-grade chlorine gases and 4,000 bottles of high pure electron-grade mixed gases.
The profits from chemicals have declined, mainly because the prices of upstream raw materials have risen sharply, squeezing the profits of the products. The net profit from electronics is $4.7325 million, reversing the loss, which is a significant increase over the losses of $1.521 million for the entire year 2016. As the company’s customers’ channels have been opened, the capacity to produce is increasing, and the profitability of the electronic chemicals business is expected to increase continuously.
In the area of e-chemicals, internationalized talent groups and customer marketing channels are two essential factors. The company has a strategic framework agreement with the central core, which plans to set up a platform company to accelerate the process of crossing the initial development bottlenecks.
In the field, there are excellent professional teams and rich corporate resources in the country and abroad. Cooperation with the China-Colleges strategy helps the public to develop product applications, promote products and operations, and accelerate the development of new corporate business.
The main uses of nylon 6 (pa6), produced by polymers, are minimally used in thermal molten glues, fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, etc. nylon 6 and nylon 66 are the main products of nylon (also known as "golds"), accounting for more than 95%. The nylon has a non-toxic, light, good mechanical strength, grinding and better corrosion resistance, mainly for the synthesis of tadpoles, thin films, and
The expansion of the domestic echelon of home-grown amphetamine production, which in previous years, with the rapid growth of our economy, was severely inadequate to meet downstream demand and rapidly increased. In 2012, production doubled to 1.31 million tonnes/year, while production reached about 3.4-3.5 million tonnes/year by the end of 2017, with an average annual growth rate of more than 20%.
Based on the apparent demand for endemide, there has been a year-to-year increase in consumption in recent years, with domestic consumption of endamide estimated at 2.32 million tons in 2016, an increase of 13 per cent over the same period, and a projected increase of 2.64 million in 2017, an increase of 14 per cent. As a result of the continued release of new domestic capacity in recent years, imports of endamide have been reduced year by year, up from the highest level in 2012.
The overall expansion of the domestic textile industry continues, and demand for domestic nylons continues to grow. According to statistics, the domestic Jinpa6 has grown from about 1.9 million tonnes/year in 2012 to 4 million tonnes/year in 2017.
Among them, the use of thugs in textiles has also continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace, and civil silk will continue to drive demand for lysine amphetamine due to the growing demand of nylons. To benefit from the warming of the climate in the industry, the Chinese East region at an average price of $15177/t in 2017.
The same-year increase of 33 per cent, with an average of 2464 kyats/t in 2017 and an average of -11 kyats/t in 2016 for the industry. The industry climate continued to rise after 2018, with a baseline price of $16,100 kyats per ton, compared to 2017, with a capacity of 150,000 kt/year for domestic ammonium production and 140,000 kt/year for raw materials for cyclohexone, with a capacity of more than 20 years for domestic acryl.
The experience with the production of ammonium, which is at the forefront of the industry through the introduction of technology digestion and innovation, and the combination of technology levels, will benefit from an increase in the climate in the industry.
Depending on environmental factors and improved supply patterns, falcon prices are maintained at high levels, and the methods used to prepare falcons are divided into caustic and electrolytic methods. The caustic method refers to the preparation of solid or liquid falcons using pure alkaline water (calcium hydroxide) solutions and lime milk (sodium carbonate) with caustic reactions.
Purity is also high, but also because the raw material consumed is pure alkali, there is a high cost of raw materials, there is a single defect in the product, and the base is now replaced by electrolysis. The electrolytic method is to produce sodium hydroxide solution from electrolytic salt water (sodium chloride solution), sodium hydroxide solution from which the water content of the evaporation solution can obtain solid sodium hydroxide, and by-product chlorine gas and hydrogen gas.
The electrolysis is divided into mercury, diaphragm, and ion-exchange membrane. Mercury is the use of mercury cells to electrolyze salt water solutions, producing high-purity falcons, hydrogen gas and chlorine gas. Rapidly developed in the 1950s and 1960s due to good quality, cost savings, low costs, but prone to mercury pollution and environmental problems, are now being phased out. The membrane method is the use of multi-permeable diaphragms.
The diaphragm prevents the gas from passing, but only water and ion from producing the alkaline. The diaphragm valves can both prevent the helium from being produced in the cathode from mixing with the chlorine from the anode from blowing up, and prevent chlorine from reacting with sodium hydroxide from generating sodium hypochloride from affecting the quality of the sodium hypochloride.
ion exchange membrane is used in electrolytes to separate the anode chamber from the cathode chamber by selective ion exchange membrane, which allows only na+ pass, while cl-, oh- and gas cannot pass, both to prevent an explosion from mixing hydrogen from the anode with chlorine from the anode and to prevent chlorine from reacting with sodium hydroxide to produce sodium hypochloride.
Quality of alkaline. Ion exchange membrane can prepare liquids, solids, in terms of construction costs, electricity losses, product quality and environmental pollution, is superior to membrane, mercury, and is recognized as one of the most common chemicals in everyday life.
However, since the third quarter of 2016, there has been a sharp rise in the price of falcon, and even during the period of the mass return of bulk products, prices have continued to rise, with 32 per cent of the membrane rising to their highest prices in January-November, 99 per cent during the year of the increase, and an increase of 66 per cent between sectors, which has remained high to date. In the second half of 2016, profits in the downstream industry have gradually increased.
The introduction of the new Environmental Protection Act and the Code for the Safe Design of Boil Devices since 2015 has put pressure on the energy-intensive, highly polluting industry.
Less than 300,000 tons of small-scale production capacity is facing a halt, particularly in the run-up to this year’s decline in the capacity supply of some of the enterprises in Hebei and Shandong, which has resulted in a reduction in the capacity supply. The expected decline in the price of liquid chlorine and environmental stress has made it difficult to increase the supply of falcon in the short term, and the supply and demand patterns of the burning industry are expected to continue to improve.
(ii) Slow growth in production capacity, downstream demand supporting the maintenance of a high caloric price, 1. Slow growth in caloric capacity, increase in start-up rates, and increase in production year by year. We are the world ' s largest caloric-producing country, with over 40 per cent of the world ' s production capacity.
As of the end of 2016, China had 158 salin enterprises, a net decrease of 5 (three new and eight out) compared to 2015 and a net increase of 3.94 million tons compared to 2015, of which 2.03 million tonnes of membrane were added and 13.1 million tons were withdrawn.
In terms of the rate of increase, with the exception of the increase to 9% in 2013, the country ' s new capacity for burning has been reduced year by year, and the current supply of and demand for the domestic industry has not changed substantially, but production expansion is beginning to be contained in the context of the country ' s active contribution to the elimination of excess capacity, the slowdown in economic growth and low downstream demand. According to China ' s chlor-alkali industry association,
According to statistics, in 2016, the country ' s capacity increased by 2.03 million tons and withdrew 1.31 million tons, a net increase of 720,000 tons from the previous year, with a total capacity of 3,945 million tons. In 2016, the production of 32.84 million tons, an increase of 8.8 per cent from the previous year, the average rate of industrial start-up increased from 74 per cent in 2013 to 83 per cent at present, and the number of production enterprises decreased from 176 in 2013 to 158 at present.
New production capacity in the industry, along with the phasing out of backward capacity, overall production capacity remains generally stable, industrial concentration has increased, overall efficiency in the industry has risen steadily, and the effects of supply-side reforms have initially been demonstrated.
Between 50% and 60% of the country’s additional capacity of 515,000 tons in January-June of this year, with a low release capacity, almost equal to that of last year. It is expected that in the future, we will continue to increase our additional capacity of pyrochlor, but will continue to grow at a smaller rate owing to environmental pressures.
At the end of 2016, the rate of start-up was 88.75 per cent. In 2017, the rate of start-up continued to be high, and in April the rate of start-up was even higher.
This is 91.53%, the highest level ever. The industry is now operating at more than 86%, and, with the gradual improvement in the situation, we continue to see a steady increase in the production of pyrotechnics and a year-on-year decline in our imports. In 2008-2014, the industry grew rapidly, with production increasing by 11.4% over the same period of year, but in 2015, with lower downstream aluminum profitability, the implementation of the new environmental protection law and heavy weight.
In the context of major conferences and domestic emergencies, we have experienced a first decline in the production of falcons in the last six years. In 2016, the production of falcons recovered to 3,288,000 tons, an increase of 9.15 per cent over the previous year. Meanwhile, our imports peaked in 2009, at 3.42 million tons, after which our imports of falcons fell year by year, and remained stable at around 10,000 tons per year for nearly four years.
The country is one of the largest producers of falcon, and production has remained steady.2 In terms of domestic demand, demand for falcons has been supported by a boom in the aluminium oxide industry.2 In terms of domestic demand, domestic flaring has remained stable in recent years.
Consumption has risen each year, with a composite growth rate of nearly 9 per cent, while for the past two years it has remained stable, rising to 2.0788 million tons for the second consecutive year in 2015 and 2016, and exports have begun to decline since 2013, amounting to 1.913 million tons, with exports accounting for 5.8 to 8.8 per cent of the total domestic production of falcon, which is expected to increase as the world economy improves in 2017.
As one of the most common chemical ingredients, the development of the downstream industry has a significant impact on the demand for it. Downstream demand is spread among the paper, dye, textile, pharmaceutical, dye, metal products, chemicals, etc. According to statistics, 29% of the burning products are used for aluminium oxide, 17% for the chemical industry, 14% for paper and 9% for textiles.
In 2016, the average demand for aluminium oxide was 29.29%, and the highest was 32.60%. Aluminium oxide produced about 7.92 million tons, right.
In the future, more than 1 million tons of aluminium oxide production will be shut down or phased out, reducing demand for 70,000 tons of falcon. In recent years, our aluminium oxide capacity has been growing at a high rate, with an average compound growth rate of 9.45% in 2012-2015, compared with an overall increase of -064% in other parts of the world during the same period.
The data show that in 2016 we produced 6.0827 million tons of aluminium oxide, an increase from the 60 million tons projected at the beginning of the year. Despite the fact that environmental scrutiny has had a significant impact on the supply of aluminium oxide raw materials since the last three quarters, the price of raw materials has risen sharply.
However, with high profits stimulated, the domestic aluminium oxide industry quickly addressed the difficulties and increased production, with national production of aluminium oxide reaching 5,724,000 tons in December 2016, an increase of 30.29 per cent over the same period. The new aluminium oxide production capacity in 2017 was about 6.15 million tons, and these new production capacity was put into service in the second quarter and remained in the short term.
Unsatisfied supply gaps, the additional aluminium oxide production capacity will drive 740,000 tons of salin demand, combined with the re-production capacity of aluminium oxide, will drive about 1 million tons of salin demand. However, caution must also be exercised about the recent draft of the work programme for air pollution prevention and control in Kyoto and the surrounding areas, which includes reductions in the capacity of aluminium oxide production companies in Shandong, Henan and Shanxi 3 provinces.
In 2017, the total capacity of the country ' s glue short fibres reached 3.86 million tons. The demand for falcons is about 2.08 million tons, with 480,000 tons expected to be added in 2018, increasing the demand for fracks by about 260,000.
In the paper industry, the highest demand is for falcon pulp. In 2015, domestic pulp production was 1,648 million tons, and in 2016 it was about 16.12 million tons, but now most of the pulp is imported, with an import dependency of over 55%. In 2017, the resilience of the paper industry, with increasing profitability, will generate a more stable demand for falcon, which is expected to contribute to falcon.
The supply pattern will be further improved in the future, and pure alkali will remain high. On the supply side, subject to environmental monitoring, it is expected that there will be a reduction in the start-up rate, production rate, and a favourable burning market. On the demand side, the entire industry, such as aluminium oxide downstream, will begin to operate.
It will remain at relatively high levels, and downstream supply and demand support for falcons will continue. In addition, demand for the glue fibre, printing, paper industry will be more stable. (iii) The company ' s falconic industry will support the fluorine industry with its own identity.
In general, the chlor-alkali industry has a pattern of overcapacity competition. Based on the correct development of the chlor-alkali industry and the establishment of the fluorinated industry, industry and the fluorine association strategy, the company has restructured its chlor-alkali products and phased out 100,000 tons of annual membrane, 230,000 tons of pvc production units and electro-stone vcm devices, optimizing the 460,000 tons of ion membrane.
Devices, methane chlorination units, development of special chlor-alkali products such as pce, tce, vdc, pvdc, transition from basic chlor-alkali to new chlor-alkali materials dominated by pvdc, formation of a self-characterized chlor-alkali industry, close linkages between corporate operations such as the fluorine and the chlor-alkali industry, synergy, cost reduction, realization
Maximize the benefits and achieve differential competition with other chlor-alkali enterprises. In terms of the company’s available chlor-alkali products, the product is sold in a limited radius and has a wide range of economic characteristics due to low product prices and a high proportion of liquid products containing water. At the same time, because it is co-producing with the chlorine gas, and because large quantities of the chlorine are not suitable for storage and storage.
The company’s capacity is therefore constrained by the chlorine gas balance. The industry in the region is dominated by the industry of the province’s light industry, chemical industry, textile industry, etc. And liquid chlorine products are absorbed within the company, thus keeping the company’s chlor-alkali balance level, the chlor-alkali plant performance rate at the forefront of its domestic counterparts, and has a clear industrial advantage in the country.
The company’s chlorine gas, hydrogen gas, and methane chlorination, tce, pce products are used within the company, coupled with the company’s fluorinated refrigerant feedstocks, and vdc products provide raw materials for pvdc, f141b, pvdf, with a small surplus for export as the supply side is restructured.
Greater regulation of the leather and safe environment and economic stability, as well as rising demand for downstream fluorinated workers, will lead to patterns of product supply and demand, judging from industry trends, as the company ' s pvdc product is dominant in the country, the company ' s pvdc is developing in combination with model and variety, the domestic and international markets are opening up, the intestinal pvdc resins are being consolidated, and fresh membranes are being developed.
Pvdc resins, multi-layered pvdc resins, pvdc emulsions, accompanied development of vdc monolithics. At the same time, working actively with downstream companies, especially multinational companies and domestic leading companies, to expand the market for applications such as coatings, freshen film and raw food packaging in the pvdc dairy industry. Other chlor-alkali products, slowed down downstream demand, and resource, energy, safety, environmental constraints.
Strong influences, growth patterns aimed at scale expansion have been discouraged, shifting to technology-driven, market-oriented and better-structured, quality-based development approaches, research and development promotion of new high-value-added product manufacturing technologies, environmentally friendly production processes, and widespread application of smart control technologies.
The company's salin-burning product is a wide-ranging economic product, the largest in Zhejiang province, and is dominated by the effective economic marketing radius: trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, and methane chloride (containing monochloromethane, dichloromethane, trichloromethane, carbon tetrachloride) are the world's leading products. vdc is the country's leader.
Companies raised funds abroad in 2013 and 2016 to further develop the high-value-added fluorinated industrial chain, as shown below. Firms are expected to increase their profitability in the future, using their advantages reasonably and continuing to deepen their fluorinated industrial chain.
The company’s current main product refrigerant prices have continued to increase and the price differentials have continued to grow. The current estimate of the refrigerant product r22 per price rises continues, and companies have well-developed fluorinated workers and their ancillary industrial chains, with highly recommended ratings.
The fluorinated industry has suffered a decline in its chain of events, and the company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized in two papers published by the first author, the President of the Chemical Industry of the Equator Securities Institute, in an internationally renowned sci journal.
Lily Cao, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the civil-security and securitization industry team in September 2017. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding.