The new energy generation and car power, the new equipment is moving into an acceleration period, with a steady increase in the first three quarters of 22 years from a sub-sub-diverse, with net profit from non-repatriation increasing by nearly 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Quarterly corporate revenues of $10.876 billion (yoy+27.6%) were realized, resulting in a net return of $1.56 billion huhui2@guosen.com.cn net profit and an increase in demand for new energy generation, driving the company’s new equipment operations to accelerate growth.
Millions of yuan (yoy+193.8 per cent) and $291 million (yoy+91.59 per cent) in naval equipment, benefiting from new energy, the cities ranked first in July and August. In addition, the company ' s wind currents continued to be delivered, marine equipment, car electric penetration accelerated, and the company ' s power-driven power rate continued to rise in the first three quarters of the company.
The semiconductor collects 1,292 million yuan (yoy+77.82%); the new energy vehicle power system collects 835 million yuan, and the company ' s auto power system expands rapidly thanks to the autonomous supply of power devices and sensors. According to the data from the new era, in August, the company ' s new energy power supply was installed on about 17,000 units.
(Yoy+390%), ranking 5; electricity control of about 19,000 (Yoy+406%) ranking 9; vehicle igbt module continued to break and production line upgrades steadily advanced. In August, the company ' s new energy use vehicle, the igbt power module, carried about 55,000 (10.6%), ranking 4th. In addition, the company became the law.
Leogbt module suppliers, with an estimated total delivery of more than 2.5 million, have opened up overseas markets. To match market demand, companies have distributed 8 inch low-pressure devices with an annual capacity of 720,000 units to support the growth of power semiconductor operations after 24 years.
The track market has been growing steadily, and the company's business base has been consolidated. The company collected $7.2 billion (yoy+5.4%) in orbital transport equipment in the last three quarters of 22 years. $5.703 billion in orbital transport and electrical equipment.
374 million yuan (yoy+123.3 per cent); other orbital transport equipment, $342 million (yoy+94.0 per cent).
Time Electric (68817.sh) - Power-driven systems and power devices double-wheel drive, new figure 1: Company operating income and growth over the last five years (billions, per cent) Figure 2: Company net profit and increase over the last five years (billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Company collection structure for the last five years of sub-products (%): company Māori rate for the last five years, net interest rate (%): company cost rate for the last five years (%)
Figure 6: Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenues over the last five years (millions of yuan, %) Authors ensure that data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future