Power-driven, light-reversed construction of new growth curves, trackback operations — three-quarterly Times Electric report, 2022, 27,56 per cent higher than the previous year; mother-to-child net profit, 1,563 million yuan, 29.97 per cent higher than the previous;
The net return to the mother was 1,138 million yuan, an increase of 29.51 per cent in the same year. Business income was raised in the first quarter of 22q3, by 34.72 per cent in the same quarter; the net return to the mother was 692 million yuan, an increase of 36.40 per cent in the same year.
The new power-driven motor vehicles and industrial transformations are the triggers for the growth of companies, with revenues of 835 million yuan and 845 million yuan in the first three quarters of the year, respectively, representing an increase of 193.83 per cent and 10,000, which are expected to lead to future revenue end-to-end. With the company ' s three-phase production lines in 24 years, it is 8 inches low.
With 30,000 additional production capacity per month for pressurized components and an increase in the current 6-inch production line, the company has the potential to release more productive capacity to meet the demands of a strong order.
The dollar securities company, “Escort – Time Electric” (688187.sh): igbt beats hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 5.37 per cent in the same year, with a robust overall increase. Of this amount, the track electrical equipment business generated $5.703 billion, an increase of 0.77 per cent in the same year.
The company, as the head supplier of rail equipment, is expected to meet the revenue end of the contract. The scale effect is reflected in optimal profitability and greater profit margins.
Zhang Shijie brought a cost amortization rate of 6.06 per cent for sales, 1.38 pct lower by the same year, 4.73 per cent for management, 0.81 pc lower by the same year, 9.84 per cent for research and development, 2.42 pc lower by the same year, and 2.42 pc lower by the same year -
The first release was in the carbonated silicone field, where the igbt leads, and is expected to continue in the new energy sector, where the company leads the 6 inch sic production line, planning for 25,000 annual production units, sicsbd and siccosfet with 650v-3300v coverage, product matrix abundance and maturity, and the sic module is now in place.
The process of certification of the energy vehicle plant is expected to lead to the release of silicon carbonated operations in the future. The new energy application domain of the igbt is gradually expanding, wind and power modules are being delivered to first-line equipment manufacturers on a continuous basis, photovoltage modules are being ordered in bulk, centralized + clustered light is being counter-reflectioned by 10gw orders, and the city is taking the lead and is expected to continue to grow in the future.
The successful expansion of new energy applications offers a strong boost, and orders are expected to continue to be released at a higher rate of performance, with increased competition in the industry, output expansion below expectations, and trade-on-track growth below expectations. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and independently and objectively.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.