Photovoltaic membrane output and Māori rates continue to rise, and the luminous membrane growth accelerates - Forster (603806.sh) mid-2020 reported an event: company released mid-2020 report, 2020h1 net profit of $456 million to the mother, yoy+14.58 per cent
In the company ' s mid-2020 report, business income of 2020h1 was 3,376 million yuan, yoy+13.35 per cent; net profit of mothers was $456 million, yoy+14.58 per cent; net profit of deducting non-repatriated mothers was 443 million yuan, while performance was slightly higher than market expectations: the vinyl product and the Maori rate increased and the luminous dry film accelerated growth
There has been a slight increase in rubber operations, mainly due to the impact of the q1 epidemic, and a significant increase in the volume and unit price of q2. Backboard operations have experienced a slight decline in the same year, mainly as a result of a small drop in prices.
The increase was due to an increase in the price of q2poe (supply should not be needed) and an increase in the share of the supply of the goods of the Poe (trend of double-probable applications), the increase in the backboard rate was due to a decrease in the cost of raw materials (largely in the context of a fall in oil prices, which led to a fall in the price of oil derivatives, but reflected earlier on the backboard raw materials than the rubber raw materials), and the electronic material business.
On the right track, the Māori rate has risen significantly (unit prices, higher-end Lid product ratios both increased). The membrane is the best track in the photovoltaic industry, and Foster is one of the strongest players in the race, following industry growth, with no risk of technological substitution.
As a leader in the industry, the share of the city is more than 55 per cent (still rising).3 The product structure is optimized, the share of high-origin products poe and whiteeva is higher, and Foster has a more prominent position in poe (70 per cent of the city). ..The photo-dry film is expected to replicate the membrane growth path, and companies are looking to grow into platform-type companies over the long term.
The company achieved a “0 to 1” breakthrough on the pcb silicon, successfully entering the deep south, the congenial supply chain, with 216 million swans of new production accelerating the expansion of production.
The company has a deep technological build-up and a strong R & D advantage, and new products, fccl, aluminium, continue to break through the 2020-05-28 membrane, looking at the company as a platform-type new material company for a long time.
“The impact of the epidemic on quarterly sales, film unit prices and gross cerebral profit predictions and investment proposals”
We're going well. We're going well. We're going well. We're going to be good.