In the first half of the year, the company won $3.376 billion, an increase of 13.35 per cent.
As a result of the large-scale sale of high-morigin electronic materials, the company achieved a revenue of $1,867 million in the second quarter, compared with the growth in the operations of the colour film, which rose from a combined 20 per cent output in 2018 to the current 40 per cent, and structural optimization contributed to a sustained increase in profitability and further entrenchment of the vanguard position.
During the first half of \triangleright, the company accelerated its annual production of 250 million m2 of whiteva film modification project and 200 million m2 per year.
The construction of the main building of the project has been partially completed, the construction of the supporting building has been largely completed, and some production lines have been put into operation and tested. The company will be investing in high-end film products, which will grow by nearly 200 million m2 this year. Ming is planning to double production capacity by 200-300 million m2 each year for the following year.
In 2016, the company officially launched projects such as the deployment of electronic materials and aluminium plastics. Ninety% of the market for photo-dry film is now monopolized by offshore companies, with wide scope for import substitution.
Not only did the company succeed in obtaining the certification of its downstream tap customers, such as Deep South circuits, Gynaecology, etc., to be more active in connecting upstream raw material links and further compressing costs. The 20,000-ton soluble resin project at Angji Base, which started to be produced on a trial basis in June, will match the company’s 150 million-square-metre light-dry film in the second half of the year.
As the expansion project accelerates, the release of the silicon membrane is now expected to be a new helper and 32 times the performance level. The reference cs solar plate currently has an average of 45 times the pe level, combined with the company’s tap advantage of photovoltaic film, can be developed in the future, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Production expansion is not as fast as expected, the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, and downstream demand.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,