Vertical integration accelerates, emerging poles rise, 5g long industry climate, cyclical properties weaken: currently, 5g smartphones have increased significantly.
Long, the 5g switch process is accelerating and is expected to be the main driving force behind the smartphone market in the future, with the glass cap becoming the dominant shell program in the 5g era that combines performance and costs, and the associated product volume rising. The company has a strong edge in the glass cap market, and the process, technology, and scale are stable.
As the smartphone market increases its demand for glass panels, companies accelerate their convergence with the global consumption of electronic customer and product resources, and their market share continues to grow. The glass track players are strong, and the lead share continues to rise: apples return to double glass panels, fair and square.
In Andre, the 3d glass penetration rate continues to rise, the application market space is wide, the company takes the lead in commercial smartphone 3d glass panels, and is expected to benefit fully from the 3d glass market.
In addition, the company has been active in the design of smart-tailored product-protected zero-component operations, and has taken the lead in applying new materials, such as sapphire, to smart watch products. In the future, the application of company-protected zero products in the smart-dressing market is expected to continue to increase company performance.
▪ Vertical integration accelerates and expands the boundaries of growth: in the field of physical appearances, companies have mastered the core technology of materials such as glass, sapphire, etc., and, in the area of contact displays, companies have responded to smartphones, smart watches and car electronics, etc., by acquiring metal machines in the states of Winn-Tay and Corité.
Active market expansion has resulted in stable supply of vehicle-borne electronic equipment, physical structures, etc. to Tesla. In the area of smart equipment, companies have autonomous R & D manufacturing capabilities with specialized equipment, and the level of intelligent manufacturing is increasing, further expanding the company ' s core competitive advantage.
▪ Leading the core indicator industry, where profit release is expected to continue to exceed expectations: at present, companies gather in high-quality markets1 and Lancet Science and Technology (300433): pooling of field resources to achieve high growth in performance; return to high profit margin levels and significant improvement in profitability;
The company's ongoing investment in autonomous research and development, which promotes the upgrading of glass products and vertical integration of related industrial chains . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
High Innovation 2020-08-18 has continued to grow in size, with a steady increase in market share. At the same time, corporate streamlined management has shown remarkable results, 2, BluesTech (300433): Vertical
The period saw a gradual decline in the rates, a gradual optimization of the income structure, a marked decline in the asset-liability ratio, a significant effect of the consolidation strategy, a sustained improvement in the performance of h1 and a significant improvement in the efficiency of operations, as well as a sustained improvement in the overall business performance of the company.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the external extension of LanthyTechnology, strengthening management governance in-house, 3, LanceTechnology (300433): bringing together the development quality of a new upward cycle is no longer the same, and recent M&As have been successful and profitable.
Quality market resources, business continuity assets, further anchoring the industry chain of large clients, with further valuations
A two-wheel drive, with sufficient dynamic energy for future performance growth, provides a “buy-in” rating for the dollar by reference to comparable corporate valuations, such as high-profile, etc.
With the gradual improvement of 5g in industrial standards, infrastructure, and operational services, 5g smartphones have increased significantly, and the 5g switch has accelerated. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, in May 2020, China’s 5g smart cell phones reached 156.4 million, with a penetration rate of 46.34 per cent, and are gradually approaching 53.66 per cent of 4g smartphones.
Currently, 5g smartphones have been replaced by 4g as the focus of research and development inputs and market promotion for major smartphone manufacturers. According to the Ministry of Trade and Communications, since February 2020, the number of new smartphones listed in China ' s smartphone market has exceeded 4g; in May 2020, 5g smartphones accounted for up to 50% of new machines and new machine types.
In terms of end-product prices, the roll-out of high-priced smartphones has accelerated the slowdown of the 5g smartphone market. Large smartphone manufacturers are constantly refining the product structure of the 5g smartphones to achieve high, medium, and low prices.
Full coverage, now that a thousand-dollar 5g smartphone has been launched by such manufacturers as Hua and Mi, this is a powerful boost to the 5g smartphone penetration rate. Since this year, 5g smartphones have increased their share of the total amount of smartphone shipments.
In the first quarter of 2020, China’s smartphone market, 5g smartphones, accumulated 14.6 million, accounting for 29% of the total stock of smartphones, a significant increase from its share of shipments in the fourth quarter of 2019 (4%). With the launch of the 5g smartphone switch cycle, 5g is expected to be the driving force for the global smartphone industry in the coming years.
According to intelligence advice, 5g smartphones are expected to reach around 231 million worldwide, of which 5g smartphones are expected to reach about half of the world ' s 5g smartphone market, while the 5g smartphone market in China is estimated at 146 million. Canalys predicts 5g smartphones in 2021/2023
Smart phones will contribute to the major surge in the global smartphone market. 1.2. Glasses are the core competition track for cell phones. 1.2.1. Technical level: 5g and wireless chargers demetallicize the shell, and the demand for glass panels rises
The upgrading of the mimo antenna and millimetre wave communications in the 5g era promotes the non-metallicization of cellular shell material. The realization of the 5g high frequency, high speed and bandwidth properties depends on the upgrading of wireless communication technologies such as the mimo antenna, millimetre wave communications.
In the sub-6g band, the use of 4x4mimo technology by 5gnr requires 4 antennas, and the configuration of 4 antennas by lte, while the use of 2x2mimo technology by w-fi requires 2 antennas, and the configuration of a fixed number of antennas by gps will result in a significant increase in the number of in-house antennas for 5g mobile phones and a significant increase in the complexity of the design of the antenna system.
Il. The upgrade of the mimo antenna system is more sensitive to electromagnetic interference and needs to minimize interference during signal transmission. The metal casings can create stronger electromagnetic interference during antenna transmission, resulting in unequal strength of the cell phone signal, which in turn affects the performance of the Mino antenna.
In addition, 5g uses communications technology in the millimetre wave band, which has a long wavelength and less permeable penetrating effect, imposing higher requirements for smartphones in wireless communication, electrical loss, penetration decay, etc., while the electromagnetic shielding effect of metal machines' shells can seriously affect the millimetre wave signal strength.
The quality and value of glass sheeting are coupled with a significant increase in product use in the 5g era. Traditional metal casings are limited in their use in the 5g mobile phone market by signal shielding, etc. The potential of non-metal casings in the 5g mobile phone market is highlighted. In non-metal casings, glass panels have less electromagnetic shielding effects than ceramics, plastics, etc.
Other non-metal materials, such as materials, have sufficient grindability, plasticity and strength, and are lighter in weight, in line with the trend of lightening hand tools. At the same time, the industrial chains of glass sheets are better equipped, raw materials are better supplied, and production processes are relatively mature and good, thus providing a better value for product, suitable for large-scale commercial reasons.
Thus, in the 5g era, glass material became the dominant shell programme with a balance of quality and cost, which is expected to accelerate penetration in the 5g handy market in the future, and, according to the data from Courtpoint, the penetration of glass sheets in the smartphone market will reach 60% by 2020. The use of glass sheets is expected to increase significantly, driven by the growth in the volume of 5g mobile phones.
In addition, as an easy and secure radio transmission technology, wireless charging is a major innovation in the user body of traditional terminal equipment, with wide applications in the consumer electronics market, and is expected to spread further in the smartphone market in the future. Wireless charging is based on an electromagnetic sensor between the cell phone and the electro-sensor loop inside the charger.
The transmission of electrical energy, and the presence of electromagnetic shielding of metal casings, increases the energy loss during wireless recharge, thus increasing the rate of resounding recharge. Glass covers are better suited to wireless charging functions, and the market demand for glass is expected to increase further with the spread of wireless charging in smartphones.
Figure 10: Diagram of wireless charger, Figure 11: Changes in wireless charge penetration rate
In materials such as ceramics, plastics and metals, the proportion of glass sheeting has gradually increased, and the size of the glass sheet market is expected to grow rapidly as the penetration rate of smartphone markets has been driven by glass sheets such as 5g, wireless charging, etc.
In the field of optical science, innovative applications such as multiple pictograms, nuanced periscope lenses and tof lenses have emerged and become smartphone optics.
The main driving force behind the continuing market landscape. In terms of design, high-end mobile phone manufacturers in the smartphone market are investing heavily in product-based innovation, based on the application of glass panels and a variety of process technologies, and the emergence of innovative designs for such appearances as illusion effects, gradual colouring, sand grinding, and high-hard glass, which have become key to competition for smartphone products.
In 2019, China followed the evolutionary design of the pre-generation product for the p30 series, in which the pvd sprayed the film to change the membrane thickness of the lower and lower areas on the glass matrix to form a specific rainbow-coloured light belt.
The development of colour combines two key techniques, the nine-storey nano-vacuum optical plating process and the inkjet-level ink printing process, which achieves a full new appearance by adjusting the process parameters to different target materials and changing the thickness and number of layers of the plating film. The latest series of p40 released in 2020 introduced a completely new ag in the glass sheeting process.
The sand grinding process further enhances the experience of smartphones in visual and tactile products. In the Apple smartphone market, the latest iPhone 11 is also now designed back to colored glass, and in the same time, the iPhone 11 glass sheet was processed based on a single cold sculpture and reinforced with a two-ion exchange process.
Processing, which is the hardest glass sheet on board by iphone to date, has a complete processing process of about 110, compared to about 80 on iphonex, and about 60 on iphonese, the upgrading of the glass sheet processing process, which significantly enhances its material performance in smartphone applications and is expected to expand further.
On the one hand, the 3d glass appearance is new and helps smartphones to achieve a higher screen occupancy ratio, consistent with the current design trend of the Full Screen, while the 3d glass bends.
Designed to provide excellent touch and handshake, and better user experience; on the other hand, soft-led displays, with a variety of advantages, such as lightness, strong colour performance, suitable for full screens and additional side displays, are expected to become the mainstream of new generation displays. Because soft-led displays are curved on the right and left sides of the screen, they are unable to use tradition.
2.5d glass is used as a sheet, so 3d glass becomes the preferred sheet scheme for soft-led displays, with 3d glass expected to become more popular as the oled market becomes visible; while 3d glass has better performance in terms of elasticity, hardness, and evasiveness than the traditional 2.5d and 2d glass. With the glass front shield, it is protected by 2d,
2.5d upgrades to 3d glass, and the corresponding volume of glass sheeting gradually increases. Figure 16: glass sheet upgrades to 3d glass. Figure 17: 3d waterfall screen glass products
The material properties of glass hardness, etc. are constantly breaking through. The material properties of glass are being optimized, and the barriers are being further cleared for large-scale businesses with the glass caps. Conning, USA, has released a new great ape glass that falls from a height of 1.6 metres to a hard, rough surface and remains intact, while the new glass is also twice as effective as other aluminum silicon glass.
And the material properties of the glass sheet were significantly enhanced and scalable applications were obtained on multiple smart terminals. Figure 18: Ten pairs of millet with glass sheet, Figure 19: Three Stars Galaxys 20ultra paired with glass sheet
With the upgrading of the new 3d glass and the improvement of the material properties of the glass, it is expected that the volume of single machines in the glass sheet will continue to increase, thus contributing to the continued growth of the glass sheet market.
Lancet technology has been a strong leader in the glass sheet market, where processes, technology, and size have been stable. The firm’s deep-deep glass sheet market, with sustained leading research and development inputs, has been able to develop model designs, machine equipment development, rapid product R & D, and scale production, and the process, technology, and size of the company has been a steady leader in the world.
Continued promotion of innovation and development of new technologies, new processes, new materials and new products in the area of smart terminal glass sheeting, with one-stop integrated solutions for clients, with waterfall 3d glass, sand-sense integrated glass backcaps, hallucinogenic effects, etc., commercial size of high-end glass sheet products such as fruit glass rear caps acquired by a large number of well-known global intelligent terminal manufacturers, further mentioned
The company’s overall competitive advantage and industry influence have been raised. Currently, as the smartphone market recovers its demand for glass-plate products, firms have accelerated their convergence with high-end and product resources in global consumer electronics, with strong orders and demand for major products and a growing market share.
According to international e-business and Leadleoresearch data, the company’s share in the glass sheet was about 25% in 2017, and in 2019, the company’s share reached 35%, and its share was significantly ahead of that of other producers, with a prominent advantage. As quality market resources accelerate to converge with the company, competition patterns in the firm’s industries will become more optimal.
2. Business level 1: The glass track players are strong and the lead share continues to rise (1)a Client: distance from competitors. Since Apple's re-establishment of two glass designs, there has been a further increase in market demand for smartphone glass panels.
The glass sheet manufacturing process is also progressing, and the complexity of the process has increased significantly, raising the single machine value of the glass sheet. Figure 25: Corporate camera glass sheet products, working with high-quality clients such as apples to advance the development of new products, core glass sheet technology is competitive, company share of supply
The company, as the core supplier of apple glass panels, worked with apples to distribute multiple glass sheet products and achieve large-scale commercialization, with a steady increase in the share of supplies in the apple supply chain, which in the first half of 2020 was about 75% of the company ' s share of supply, with a clear market lead. At the same time, the glass sheet production process was characterized by a strong market leadership.
The company, one of the first firms to enter the curved glass industry, after many years of accumulation and innovation, has mastered the core techniques of the multi-course process made of glass sheets, continuously optimized glass processes and processes, and improved product quality and productivity.
(2) Andre: 3d glass provides a wide range of growth space for Andre's clients, and with the application of oled technology on smartphones, the 3d Protection + led Display is becoming increasingly popular with consumers through good visual extension, high-screen penetration, and so on.
The "3d shield +led monitor" product program is also being used by the high-end machine branded Andre smartphone. As major panels in the country break through on-screen capacity bottlenecks, the price of the screen is expected to be revised downwards, and the penetration of the future "3d shield +led monitor" in the smartphone market is expected to increase further.
At the same time, in the context of competition in the mobile phone market, innovation in appearances has become the key to differential competition among major smartphone brands. 3d protective products have the advantage of light, transparent and clean, anti-printing, anti-blind, anti-hospital, etc., not only to enhance the appearance of smart end products, but also to provide excellent touch control, and their application has become more widespread.
Leading the commercial smartphone 3d glass plate, which fully benefits from the increase in demand in the 3d glass market. The company is the first manufacturer in the industry to achieve a large-scale application of 3d glass in the smartphone market and has mastered the opening of the 3d glass process through openholes, fine sculptures, grinding, cleaning, heat bends, polishing, testing, steeling, uv reprinting, plating (pvd), printing.
The full range of process techniques, such as footprints, sprays, and appliance, has developed a series of 3d bouncing products, represented by waterfall 3d glass, and has been scaled up over time, building up brands of famous smartphones, such as tile, milli, oppo, and vivo customer resources, which are expected to benefit fully from the upgrading of market demand for 3d glass.
(3) Mobile perimeter: smart watches bring in an increase in volume, based on a wealth of product categories, friendly user experiences, and a variety of functions that integrate mobile communications, navigational positioning, health management, and the market heat of smart watches, which continue to grow. According to Canalys,
In the first quarter of 2020, 14.3 million smart watches were delivered worldwide, a 12% increase. Of these, Apple smart watches produced 5.2 million, a 13% decline in the same year, with 36.3% of the city, and despite a 10.4 percentage point decline over the same period last year, they were ranked first in the world.
In the first quarter of 2020, it was clear that 2.1 million shipments, 113% more than in the previous quarter, and 14.7% more in the city, with 7 percentage points higher than in the same year, surpassing three stars and fitbit in the second place in the global smart watch and in the market. The company’s proactive layout of smart-dressed product-protected zero-asset operations, represented by smart watch, led by blue in the industry.
New materials, such as gemstones, should be used for smart appliance products, with obvious advantages. At present, the company has a strong competitive advantage in the supply of zero components, such as glass mirrors for apple smart watches, ceramic backhells, contact displays, etc., while the company is active in developing non-a customers, and smart watch-protected zero-asset products have entered the supply chain of well-known smart terminal brands, such as opo.
In the area of electronics shielding, companies have now accumulated over a thousand patents covering a number of core technologies, such as processing equipment, caps, processing methods, etc., and have achieved a rich technological reserve that will help companies develop and market their products in the field of smart watch protection. In the future, it is expected that the application of company-protected zero-assess products in the smart watch market will continue.
Figure 31: Applewatcheditions use ceramic back-caps. Lance technology entered the Halle sonics of the main electric sound business in 2018. Since 2010, Horne acoustics and thunder snakes, pirate ships, logitech, softbank, Anker, Xi.
Japanese technology (Himalayan sub-Yaai), dog search, Haman (harman), plattronics, orthopaedics, orthopaedics, orthopaedics, orthopaedics, orgs, or other well-known branding manufacturers at home and abroad, have a clear client advantage, with successive roll-out of products such as sound boxes, headphones, etc. The tws bluetooth earpieces, launched in 2018, have won the German Red Dot Award.
3. Operational level 2: Accelerated vertical integration, expanding growth boundaries 3.1. Appearances: from glass to metal, from center frame to assembly
In the outward-looking zero-component market, based on the technical and market advantages established in the area of glass sheeting, the company actively enriches the product layout and, at this stage, systematically and comprehensively captures trends in the production, technology and process development of products such as glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals in the field of consumer electronics Windows and visual functional components.
In the area of sapphire, the company is mainly engaged in the manufacture of products such as sapphire crystals, optical mirrors, etc. The company uses a conductive model to produce sapphires, which is used in a high quantity of materials, free of cutting, forming, etc. of sapphire materials, saves processing time and effectively reduces costs.
Systems that effectively reduce crystal production cycles and significantly reduce energy consumption. At present, companies have been able to move from sapphire long crystal equipment development, large-scale long crystal production, deep processing of crystal materials to a whole-sector chain of mass manufacture of various specifications, and long crystalry techniques of blue gem products, which have reached international leadership levels and are widely applied to sapphire camera security.
Figure 33: Corporate sapphire products in the field of precision ceramics.
In 2017, a joint venture was established between the company and the public department with limited shares in China's functional materials to further optimize the integration of industrial chain resources and to stabilize and guarantee the supply and development of high-quality ceramic raw materials.
Through autonomous research and development and innovation in core technical areas such as precision ceramic processes, molds and equipment, companies have been able to independently complete the process of production from raw materials, embryos, sinters and finished products, and the products are now widely applied to smart cellular terminals in such areas as protective backcaps, smart penetratable equipment structures and essential parts.
The market space for closing applications is vast. With sustained technological innovation, excellent product quality, and efficient and stable scale, the company has become a first-tier supplier to major major global brand clients in the field of precision ceramics, which are widely recognized by domestic and foreign brands.
Figure 34: Company refined ceramic products Figure 35: Company 3d ceramic products At the same time, in 2017, the company set up BlueScene Precision Limited to close the company in the middle frame, back covers, etc.
Production manufacturing power in the area of component products, responding positively to downstream brand customers' needs for the assembly of protective glass and metal components. Currently, companies are actively organizing themselves in such business areas as center frames and assembly, actively moving up and down the industrial chain. Stretch to build one-stop product solutions and technical services platforms in the area of consumer electronics.
3.2. Acquisition of high-quality metal shell assets and vertical integration breakthrough 19 August 2020, company announcement signed with lyrainternationalco., ltd. and Scientology Trading Contract, and Lance International acquired lyrainternationalco., Ltd. with lyrainternationalco., in cash £9900 billion.
Triumph Tate and Colyté States each have a 100 per cent stake in new alloys and products of aluminium, magnesium and zinc, high performance composites and products, stainless steel materials and products, metal chargers, mobile communications system cell phones and related zero components, portable microscopics
Computers and related zero components, as well as the development, production and processing of various models, are industry leaders in smart cell phone gold, shell suppliers, and can provide a full range of solutions to critical technologies and processes for high-end global customers, such as apples. Companies now have leading technologies and markets in the areas of glass, sapphire, ceramics, touch control, matchmaking, modulars, etc.
In the area of smartphone metal casing processing and assembly, the state has a leading, highly automated, experienced technology management team and a stable productive capacity. When the company is integrated with the acquisition target, the company can provide better product groups for downstream customers.
A one-stop integrated and vertically integrated one-stop product solution, while also laying a solid foundation for companies to further operate downstream supply chains Expanding their integrated competitiveness and profitability and substantially upgrading their industrial location 3.3. Tactiles show: from watch to mobile phone, from 3c to automobiles
Companies have been active in expanding the application market for relevant products, with high-quality growth in business plates such as smartphones, smart-wearing equipment, tablets, laptops, one-stop computers, smart home appliances and auto-electronics, while product structures have continued to be optimized and new business growth points have been opened up.
In 2017, the company, a joint venture with the Nissha Corporation, created the Sunshine Technologies (Longshaw) Ltd., was operating from the production and sale of touch sensor products. The company continues to invest in the field of smartphone contact displays, building up the capacity of the 3d smartphone touch control panel, and is expected to benefit from rising demand from downstream customers.
The company has established a strong, long-term and stable strategic partnership with a wide range of well-known brand clients in the smart-wearing market, supplying bulk of equipment to the mainstream wearing brands of Apple, Samsung, Huaieng, oppo, fitbit, etc., with high customer resources, and a secure market share in the leadership of the industry.
The market advantage is prominent in R & D and manufacturing operations and can provide complementary value-added services such as component appliance and assembly.
In recent years, the company has been active in the electronics protection, touch and control of cars, showing a dynamic layout of the Zero Component industry, forming and bulking product lines such as auto meters, central controls, and b-cylinders, with a growing business income. At the same time, the company has invested heavily in vehicle-car-car-car-car products, and is expected to significantly improve vehicle-mounted glass, vehicle-mounted controls, decorations, structures, rear-view mirrors, etc.
At present, the company has become a global supplier to Tesla, and at the same time the company has worked with internationally recognized automobile companies such as BMW, Porsche, to develop products that are already yielding.
As the company continues to break through in new business areas, such as auto power subs, there is sufficient dynamic energy for the growth of its performance. Figure 45: Car-borne control products
3.4 Smart equipment: Secret weapons that sustain Lance lighter and faster. Figure 47: Autonomous research and development of smart equipment actively promoted by companies. Automation of research and production started on a large scale in 2014 and autonomous research and development workers in 2016
Industrial robotics and smart manufacturing equipment, one of the first enterprises to develop, manufacture, large-scale application automation equipment and smart manufacturing in industry, currently has a team of over 800 intelligent manufacturing development, which integrates manufacturing and industrial new technologies, such as the Internet, big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and significantly improves data automation.
At present, the company has made great strides in the intelligent transformation of a number of key manufacturing processes, such as hot bends, sculptures, printing (wigs, trans-prints) and cleaning, with a significant increase in the level of automatic collection and control of data, the constant optimization of the cost of using labour and manufacturing as a whole, and the company's intellectual manufacturing.
The company will continue to fully import self-researched industrial Internet platforms to factories on the basis of existing automated production lines and completed “Lance Cloud” big data platforms, optimize existing production lines, continue to promote intelligent upgrading and research and development of other processes, and continue to improve the company's intellectual manufacturing level.
Production efficiency and efficiency increase the firm’s core competitive advantage. Firms have a strong capacity to develop manufacturing capacity for specialized equipment, as well as the self-manufacturing of work kits, molds, accessories, machine equipment for autonomous research and development, to better adapt to the company’s production line layout and technological characteristics, critical capabilities, combined efficiency, and technology.
Indicators such as automation, energy consumption, and price-making costs are significantly superior to the standard equipment of competitors, ensuring productivity efficiency and good productivity advantages for companies. Companies are autonomous in upgrading or recycling old equipment according to the needs of the production sector.
The leading intellectual manufacturing power, strong financial support and highly intelligent automated production lines have enabled companies to have well-developed, efficient, advanced new product R & D and fast-volume production capabilities that are well positioned to meet the needs of large households and reduce the average cost of products, increase the competitiveness of product prices and further consolidate the company ' s global customer capital.
Financial dimension: Core indicator industry leads, profitable release is expected to continue beyond expectations. Companies continue to promote new technologies, new processes, innovation and research and development in the area of smart terminal glass panels, while also actively expanding new and emerging businesses, operating in materials, contact displays, acoustics, metal structures and smart manufacturing equipment.
Millions of yuan, 37.05% more than the previous year, and the mother's net profit of $1,912 million, 1322.42% more than the previous year. Thanks mainly to the efficiency and stability of the company's production operations, the industry has taken the lead in achieving full recovery, management efficiency, and production efficiency.
And the quality of products has improved further since last year. With the power of leading intelligent manufacturing and the productive advantage of fast sampling and volume, companies have been given a strong stock of orders and demand for their main products, and sales earnings from the product lines have shown a similar trend of significant growth, leading to a marked increase in market ownership in high-quality customers and medium- and high-end segmented products around the world, which has led to firm operations.
The company ' s profit margin level has returned to high levels, and its profitability has improved significantly. In 2020, the q2 company ' s product Māori ratio increased by 28.38%, compared to 8.81 percentage points in the same year, with a net interest rate of 12.07% and an increase of 13.27 percentage points in the same year.
Further optimization of the client and product structure has been achieved, while the advantages of a company as a leader in the industry and automated production have gradually emerged, significantly increasing its profitability. Companies have invested heavily in research and development, promoting product upgrading and new product development.
The company actively collaborates with major brand clients to develop forward-looking technology research and development and layout for new products such as 5g mobile phones, smart and wearable devices, and vehicle-borne products, as well as to take advantage of the blue-sea market pre-emption of customers and technology.
This represents an increase of 46.45% over the same period, mainly for the construction of the Blueshaw Production Base Project and the Starsa II Park Production Base Project, in which the Blueshaw Company mainly produces sapphire crystals and optical lenses, and the Starsands Plant area mainly produces plating and car-borne glass products. The company continuously optimizes its production capacity, laying the groundwork for an increase in its market share in the area of disaggregation.
As the scale of operations continues to grow, the number of companies producing and skilled workers has steadily increased, guaranteeing a response rate of 10.25% to 10 million people. Despite the trend towards an expansion of the size of the company’s workforce, the average income per person and the overall per capita income-generation rate have risen steadily.
Trend. In 2019, corporate income per capita was RMB 29.13 million, close to last year, and in figure 57 since the company was listed: changes in corporate per capita profits; company roe levels improved significantly, reaching 7.86 per cent in H1 in 2020, an increase of 8.79 percentage points.
The company’s continuous drive to develop new products, active in smart management, and intelligent manufacturing has accelerated the concentration of high-quality market resources to companies, their future, and their profitability. The company has improved the quality of its asset operations through lean management, although in recent years the size of its collections has gradually increased, but its stock has improved.
The turnover and the turnover of accounts receivable have remained generally stable and at a lower level in the peer enterprises, indicating better management and more efficient operation of the inventory and receivables of the Division.
Figure 60: Changes in the company ' s inventory turnover days Figure 61: Changes in the company ' s accounts receivable turnover days
The gradual expansion has allowed the company to maintain a high liquidity of assets, a strong liquidity capacity and a steady increase in management and operating efficiency. Figure 63: Changes in the turnover of corporate receivables and a steady increase in the firm ' s cash flow. Cash flows from corporate operations, except for the light seasons of 2018q2, 2019q2
Net net cash flows from q2 operations in 2020 reached $506 million, while corporate cash flows continued to improve and gradually covered asset investments. Net cash flows from company operations H1 in 2020 amounted to $2,541 million, an increase of 46.88 per cent over the same period the previous year.
The company’s operating income from various products has increased steadily in 2020, and the product structure has continued to improve. In 2020, the public sector’s operating income from small-sized protective glass, large-sized protective glass, new materials and metals has increased from year to year, creating barriers to entry, with depreciation and amortization, payroll, transportation costs and interest charges, respectively.
Since 2016-2019, firm fixed costs have been rising year by year, with the firm ' s share of fixed costs remaining stable at around 15 per cent in recent years from 2016. High fixed costs have helped to create barriers to entry, mainly because of higher administrative and financial costs. Currently, companies ' cost management capacity continues to be raised.
Figure 70: Change in the cost of corporate sales: Change in the cost of corporate management: Change in the rate of corporate financial costs: Change in the rate of corporate financial costs
Overall, companies pool high-quality market resources and achieve high growth, while corporate profitability returns high and profitability improves significantly. Currently, the 5g switch process accelerates, the demand for glass covers in smartphone markets rises significantly, and companies, as champions of the glass sheet industry, continue to invest in autonomous research and development to promote glass sheet products.
The vertical integration of upgrading and related industrial chains, the orderly expansion of capacity and the optimization of capacity allocation, the expansion of staff size, and the steady increase in market share from the sustained expansion of corporate operations. At the same time, the efficiency of corporate management has shown remarkable results, with a gradual decline in rates over time, a gradual optimization of the income structure, a marked decline in asset-liability rates and a sustained improvement in cash flow.
5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings Mobile phone glass protection: company masters core technology in mobile phone glass protection, product line layout, product mix
The generation is moving steadily, with a prominent leader. The demand for high-quality 3d protective glass has increased, and the value and volume of corporate cellular protective glass products are expected to grow rapidly.
To benefit from the drive of 5g to consumer e-market demand, corporate flat-plate computers, new materials and metals: companies are actively developing in the field of new materials and metals, new products are advancing steadily, and products are competitively competitive. To benefit from the growth of consumer e-market demand for new materials and metal products, the company’s collection regulations for this business.
The external extension of LanthsTech and the strengthening of governance within it, the development quality of the new upscaling cycle has become indistinguishable, and recent M&As have been successful and profitable, further laying the ground in the industrial chain of large clients (total market value, collection of price data updated to 18 August 2020; all but LanceTechnology, the rest of the company's eps, pe data come from a consistent wind expectation).
1) Market demand is not as high as expected: if consumer electronics market demand is not as good as expected, the sale of company products may be affected by the impact of the impact on the growth of corporate revenue. 2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: 3d glass, etc., is more specialized in research and development, and there are certain technical barriers.
The difficulty of technology development and investment in R & D may be affected by the failure of a new generation of product R & D to progress as expected. 3) Clients are unable to develop as much as expected: the slowdown in downstream demand has led to stable partnerships between companies and major clients
A change or a failure by the client to develop as expected could have a negative impact on the company ' s performance.