The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Research on Creative Semiconductor: Big Power Heavy - Medium and Medium Semiconductor, based on future growth, we believe that a reasonable value for the future of the company can also be derived from the above-mentioned compartments.
Corporate Core Competitiveness: Excellent Management Teams + Technology Autonomy. Excellent Management Teams are the reason why companies are able to keep rolling out new products. Many of the company’s core founding teams have extra-sea experience in Silicon Valley, etc.
Applied materials litigation and reconciliation with the United States (California, United States, 2010), with Ramresearch (Taiwan, 2009), with Veeco (Fukuchi, 2018, New York, United States), etc. None of these international lawsuits on intellectual property rights fail on the premise of solid, autonomous intellectual property rights.
The company’s main investment logic is: its own industry has good prospects for growth – the company’s own product competitiveness is increasing – and the country’s own industry is developing well. The company’s main carpentry (34% of revenue) and mocvd (50% of revenue) are two products. The industry of semiconductor equipment is upstream in the semiconductor industry.
It's the supplier of chip manufacturing and sealing plants. The overall industry climate is moving with semiconductor cycles, although the cyclicality is clear, and if you pull the long-term axis, the overall semiconductor equipment is 1.
In 2018, the market for corrosion equipment was about US$ 15.5 billion, and it is expected that the market for corrosion in the next five years will increase faster than the average semiconductor equipment.
The process requirements for the microfiche of the structure are becoming more demanding for the etching process. Root 3. Creatureboard semiconductor study: The sequence of nanoprocesses for deep-dry multimedia chips has exceeded 1,400. The sales of etching equipment as a percentage of total equipment has been in place since 5 years.
4. "Inventorial semiconductor research: from 15% to 25% before industry competition and valuation. The next 3dnand, advanced encapsulation (silicon puncturesv) will be further increased by the demand for corrosion equipment. Corporate corrosion equipment has been accepted by mainstream integrated circuit manufacturers:
The company ' s share of the two major storage chip manufacturing plants in China reached 15 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, the highest share.
Mocvd will benefit from emerging display technologies (miniled, microlled). The current led chip manufacturing mainstream equipment is mocvd (metal organic gas deposition), the company has been working on mocvd since 2010, and the company has only spent three years selling mocvd from 0 to 100 cavities.
Three years from now, the overall market size of Miniled+microled will be more than twice the size of the current traditional led market, and there will be a sustained boost to the demand for mocvd. Insufficient investment in research and development has led to less technological progress than expected; downstream customers’ demand is less than expected: the Māori rate wave
The core competitiveness of the company: excellent management team + technologically autonomous management team 1.1. Excellent management team
A good management team is the reason why companies are able to keep rolling out new products, and many of the company’s core founding team members have worked overseas, such as Silicon Valley, where the president and president of the company and founder Dr. Yoon Zhiyu have had more than 20 years of industry and experience.
Intel, 1984-1986, as a technology development engineer at the Centre for Crafts: 1986-1991, Senior Engineer, Senior Manager, Research and Development Department, Panlin Semiconductor: 1991-2004, Chief Technical Officer, General Company, Production of Plasma Erosion Equipment for Applied Materials
The core team is also composed of Dr. Du Chi-ho, current Senior and Senior Vice-President, who led the development of all project operating processes, packages.
Before joining China, Dr. Do Chi-ho was the Managing Director of the Metler-Tolido Instrument (Shanghai) Ltd., with limited utility gas for Plateaux.
Mr. Chu Xinping: Vice President and Managing Director of the Great China Business Group. Before joining China, he was a senior manager of Taiwan's applied materials company. He worked in winbond and Taiwan's world integrated circuits (wsmc) and was primarily responsible for running the program.
Chen Weiwen: Chief Financial Officer of China and China. Before joining China and Uganda, Mr. Chen Weiwen was the Chief Financial Officer of one of the world's largest solar companies, Attea Yang.
Dr. Nituqiang: Dr. Nituqiang served as Vice-President and Deputy Managing Director of the Erosion Facility. He led the research and development and project management of the Plumod-rie and Plumoad-rie devices used for high-end electrical corrosion. Before joining Mino, he was in Ramresearch.
The Department of New Products was the leading technical expert and the invention of the Lam2300 series of etching products, and the company was founded with a partner law firm that focused on information gathering and protection.
In July 2007, U.S.A.A. Applied Materials filed a lawsuit in the U.S. California court against the Middle and Middle Semiconductor company.
In 2008, the Chinese company's equipment went into Taiwan's largest semiconductor chip factory to build power.lam Research filed a lawsuit with the Taiwan Intellectual Property Court of China in January 2009, pointing out that China's intellectual property rights had been violated.
The Taiwan Intellectual Property Court, after six months of investigation, dismissed the lawsuit against Ram, finding that MSMEs had not violated Ram’s patent.
In April 2017, the federal court of Veeco in the Eastern District of New York commenced a patent infringement action against the supplier of the crystal circle carrier (i.e., the graphite disk) for the intermediate semiconductor mocvd, which Veeco argued was in violation of the patent in the graphite plate product designed for the medium semiconductor by the sgl and requested that it be banned.
The U.S. government removed corrosion equipment from the export control list in 2015 because of China and China.
(amec) Capable of producing corrosion equipment with autonomous intellectual property rights and gaining access to international first-class crystalry mills. The only Chinese company mentioned in the US pcast (the US Presidential Advisory Council on Science and Technology) report to the President in 2017 was a medium- and semi-conductor.
2. Investment logic: the industry development + the national strategy supports + the company ' s own growth 2.1. The semiconductor equipment industry itself is growing steadily
The overall industry climate fluctuates with semiconductor cycles, although the cyclicality is more pronounced, but the overall output of semiconductor equipment is steady upwards from the pull-over axis. From a global perspective, the market size of 2018 has reached $62 billion, an increase of 28.57% over the previous year, and is projected for the future.
In the case of the Chinese market, China ' s share of semiconductor sales has gradually increased, from 15 per cent in 2013 to 27 per cent in 2018, and the share of the Chinese market in the equipment domain is expected to continue to increase steadily in the future, as a result of the rise in the share of the mill.
The drive for the development of semiconductor equipment as a whole: since 1960s, when the integrated circuit was commercialized, the process has ranged from 10m to the latest 7nm, raising one generation approximately every five or five years, half-conducting the system, with a significant increase in performance and power consumption for each generation.
Increased demand for arithmetic in the downstream electronics industry. New integrated circuits require new semiconductor equipment. But it is important to note that, even if the process is updated, not all steps of the machine need to be replaced, only the most critical steps need to be updated.
Take the most expensive equipment, the Ultraviolet carving (euvre): the chip takes many steps from a blank silicon to a full of hundreds of millions of transistors, and many of these steps require light etching, which is the key to the implementation of light etching. In the 14nm process and above, 193nm is immersed in light engraved.
The machine can meet demand. But, after the 14nm process, the traditional light-engineing opportunities ranged from technical bottlenecks to the need to use ultra-UV carvings. Ultra-UV carving (euv) is a light-engineing technology with a wavelength of 13.5 nm. The target market is an advanced 7nm process. And the unit price of the machine has risen to 100 million euros.
The combined Māori rate is also slightly lower than the international giant average, but the difference is small. The reason we analyse is that the company’s products have been in the process of winning market shares for the past three years, and that the price of some Māori at the expense is expected to increase the Māori rate.
The cost rate is significantly higher than the world’s top companies. Our analysis is mainly that the cost of sales is higher than the cost of R & D, which is related to the company’s current competitive position.
The cost of sales will decline gradually, and in terms of the company ' s main business, the main products are carving (34 per cent of the revenue) and mocvd (50 per cent of the revenue).
The best growth of corrosion equipment in the integrated circuitry area is that the market size industry for corrosion equipment in 2018 now stands at approximately $15.5 billion, and it is expected that the market for corrosion in the next five years will be growing faster than the average semiconductor equipment, or 15 per cent.
Growth logic: Advanced integrated circuits are becoming more and more complex, like building dozens of floors of houses, processing nodes from 90 nm to 14 nm, the more advanced they are, the more demanding the process is for the miniature structure in the house, the more demanding it is for the etching process. This directly leads to the integrated circuit builder.
The sale of etching equipment as a percentage of total equipment has increased from 15% to 25% five years ago. The next 3dnand, advanced encapsulation (silicon perforatesv) will increase the demand for etching equipment.
In terms of the structure of the competition, the carving machine market is dominated by foreign manufacturers, mainly American and Japanese equipment. But companies are expected to continue to occupy their share of the market in the area of corrosion.
Art. We expect that domestic crystal mills such as Yangtze storage and combing will have a very high price and Maori rate of growth for companies in the future: we believe that the demand for the corrosion industry will continue to grow, while the competitive power of the company’s products will gradually rise, with a promising increase in the asp and a positive upward trend in the Māori rate.
Mocvd will benefit from a new generation of display technologies, and now the main equipment for the manufacture of the led chip is mocvd (metal organic gas deposition), which was previously monopolized by foreign companies, which began to develop mocvd in 2010 to break the foreign corporate monopoly.
It took three years to get mocvd out from zero to 100. The company mocvd's output has stabilized.
Companies. The price decline in 2018 was linked to the company’s strategy of taking the market down, and to the market’s needs. We believe that in the future, with the company’s new generation of products, the asp and the Māori ratio are expected to go up.
China’s companies have already taken up more than 50% of the world’s market share in the led chip industry. From 2016 to 2017, the main-producer, such as PV3 and PV3 has expanded significantly, resulting in an increase in demand for mocvd.
Mocvd’s future demand dynamics: apart from the traditional led industry, new displays of technological developments will have a pull effect on mocvd. The market is constantly seeking to show the effects of indoor displays, and led’s products are constantly developing at smaller intervals.
The resolution has become an important direction for the development and progress of the industry. After the normal led display, the small spacing screen (250um), the miniled (100um) and the microlled (less than 100um) will gradually move to the business arena.
In order of order, consumers are expected to be the first to see the end product to carry the miniled backlights in 2019. The number of leds used in the mileed backlight application is more than 50 times greater than the traditional led backlights, from about 8,000 laptops to about 100,000 to 300,000 televisions in 65 inches.
The main rivals who competed with Miniled are Figure 14: Microled Market Size Forecasts 2018-2022 (100 million) 2.3. Semiconductor Sector Development is a national strategy, and related policies support industry development
As the foundation and core of the new electricity information industry, the State has put in place a series of enabling policies:
Craft equipment, including plasma etching equipment and thin film deposition equipment. Equity structure: the company ' s shareholding is relatively decentralized. The shareholding ratio of the first shareholder of the company in Shanghai was 20.02%, and the controlling owner was the Shanghai National Finance Commission: the shareholding ratio of the second shareholder in Shanghai was 19.39%.
Eight natural persons, like Yoon Zhiyu, hold 3.6% of the shares. In part, professional equipment earns 85.29%.
Figure 19: Evolution of corporate products Figure 20: Corporate equity structure China’s continuous expansion of crystal-crystal plants and 5nm-based R & D will result in an increase in corporate etching operations
Long-drives, when the volume of goods comes up, the prices of the asp will rise with the product. The product market, 2) miniledmicroled, etc., suggest that technology will drive a new round of product expansion for the led manufacturer, while the product market will account for 3) revenue from spare parts, including equipment only.
4.2. Peer valuations are longer, and we believe that a reasonable future valuation of the company can also be made by reference to the above-mentioned compartments.
Figure 24: The lack of investment in technology, technology, technology, and research and development in Hasegawa has led to less technological progress than expected.
Large R & D inputs, long R & D cycles, and high R & D risk characteristics. If a company’s future R & D funding is insufficient to meet technology upgrading needs, it may result in a risk of a company’s technology being overtaken or replaced, with adverse effects on current and future business performance.
Lower-stream customer demand is not as high as expected: it cannot be excluded that subsequent investments by individual downstream crystal-crys and led chip manufacturers are not as high as expected and that demand for related equipment will be reduced, which will affect corporate orders Māori rate volatility risk: if future companies do not continuously upgrade their technological innovation capabilities and maintain technology
The advantage, or the fall in product prices as a result of increased competition in the industry, and the company’s failure to effectively control the cost of the product, can lead to a volatility in the company’s Māori ratio. Intellectual property disputes: companies have always valued R&D in autonomous IPRs, but still cannot rule out competition.
An intellectual property dispute between rivals does not preclude infringement of the company ' s intellectual property rights, and such intellectual property disputes will adversely affect the company ' s normal operations.