Three high end equipment series: Sino-micro, 12 April 2019, with top end equipment occupying 10 seats on the list of companies to be processed.
On April 12, 65 companies, including high-end equipment companies, held 10 seats: Li Won-heun, Jiang Subei, Tin-Technology, Hua Hing-Yuan, Handover Technology, New Light Power, Bo Masters, Nakagawa Corporation, Sasakawa Smart,
This time we're focusing on China and Micro Corporation, the Middle and Medium Semiconductor Equipment (Shanghai) Ltd., which is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, and which provides extremely competitive heights to global integrated circuits and led chip manufacturers.
End-of-life equipment and high-quality services provide processing equipment and process technology solutions to global semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech and emerging industries, and the supply of domestically produced semi-conductor equipment is inadequate and our information security is at serious risk.
According to Semi, the sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China in 2018 were estimated at $12.8 billion, an increase of 56 per cent over the same year, about 21 per cent of the global semiconductor market, the second largest semiconductor equipment requirement in the world after Korea.
In 2018, sales of semiconductor equipment were estimated at $10.9 billion, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 13%. Excluding equipment such as led, panels, and photovoltaics, the domestic market self-sufficiency of integrated circuit equipment in the country is only about 5%, in the global market.
The field is only 1-2%, and the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front-way equipment has a lower self-sufficiency rate. In response to the large demand gap, the problem of China’s dependence on semi-conductor equipment imports is acute, and heavy dependence on imports of specialized equipment not only severely affects our semi-conductors.
In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the most advanced production lines of internationally recognized customers and in 7 nanometers.
Processing of critical steps; at the same time, the company seeks to develop 5 nm and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers.
At the same time, the company is developing 96 floors and more advanced corrosion equipment and processes based on the needs of storage manufacturers.
China-based, global-oriented, high-end semiconductor microprocessor equipment. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor equipment, providing highly competitive high-end equipment and high-quality services to global integrated circuit and led chip manufacturers.
The company provides processing equipment and process technology solutions, based on the expertise accumulated over the years in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry, and is involved in the field of semiconductor integrated circuits manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing and other high-end equipment in microprocesses, targeting the world.
The company’s plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to international frontline customers for integrated circuit processing manufacturing and advanced encapsulation from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm, and 5 nm. The company’s mocvd equipment has made large-scale production on the industry’s leading clients’ production lines, and the company has become the world’s top ranking and the leading domestic producer.
2. The company’s financing history and the composition of its shareholdings The company’s predecessor, limited, was set up with funding from China and Asia and was established as a foreign sole proprietor.
According to the actual management of the company, important decision-making in the public department is a joint decision-making process, with no real control over the company. The company has an offshore corporate unit.
6 East, 20 corporate shareholders in the country and 8 natural persons, including shareholders holding more than 5% of the issuer’s shares or voting rights, including Shanghai Initiation, Investment, Nanchang Xianhua, Investment, Micro-Asia, Glenade, Bootes, Futago, Orange Investment, Orange Investment, Orange Investment, and Orange Coast.
Figure 4 Structure of the company holding and participating companies. II. Market demand for semiconductor equipment is promising. 1. Domestic semiconductor markets demand is huge, but there is insufficient supply of domestic production.
From demand-side analysis, China has become the world’s largest electronic production and consumption market, generating huge demand for semiconductor devices as the economy continues to develop. According to icinsights, the market size of China’s semiconductor integrated circuits alone grew from $82 billion to $155 billion annually, with annual compound growth.
The rate is about 13.58%. In the future, China’s consumption of semiconductor devices will continue to increase, and China will become the most dynamic and promising market area for semiconductors worldwide, as the Internet, big data, cloud computing, object networking, artificial intelligence, high-tech technology such as 5g, and strategic emerging industries develop further.
From supply-side analysis, compared to large domestic market demand, the market for domestic semiconductor integrated circuits is small, with a self-sufficiency rate of about 15% in 2018. According to the General Customs Administration, imports of semiconductor integrated circuit products alone have been ranked first of all imports for the fourth consecutive year since 2015, and the expanding Chinese semiconductor market is very large.
Depending on imports, China’s semiconductor industry has too low self-sufficiency and large room for import substitution. 2. Five oligarchs account for 65% of the global market share of semiconductor equipment.
The industry's experience of “a generation of equipment, a generation of processes, a generation of products”, the manufacturing of semiconductor products for ultra-previous electronic systems, the development of a new generation of processes for semiconductor equipment, and the development of a new generation of products for semiconductor equipment. The company's semiconductor equipment industry is therefore the cornerstone of semiconductor chip manufacturing, and it has been the backbone of the modern electronic information industry, and it is the semi-conductor.
With the rapid development of the semiconductor industry, the processing area of semiconductor products has doubled and become more complex, and the manufacturing equipment needed to produce semiconductor products requires the combination of optical, physical, chemical and other technologies.
There are high technical barriers, difficulties in manufacturing, and high R & D inputs. The value of semiconductor equipment is generally high, the value of equipment is about 75% of total investment in a production line for an advanced semiconductor product, and the development of semiconductor industries generates a huge demand market for equipment.
Since 2013, the global semiconductor sector has also seen an increase in the market for semiconductor equipment. According to Semi, global sales of semiconductor equipment increased from about $31.8 billion in 2013 to an estimated $62.1 billion in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 14.33 per cent, higher than the global semiconductor equipment market during the same period.
Figure 7 Global semiconductor equipment sales, which are now dominated by foreign manufacturers, shows a highly monopolistic pattern of competition in the industry. According to Vlsirearch, global sales of semiconductor equipment systems and services amounted to $81.1 billion in 2018.
The top five semiconductor equipment manufacturers, because of their early start, account for 65% of the market share of the global market for semiconductor equipment, based on advantages in terms of capital, technology, customer resources, brands, etc. In the above-mentioned international first-class companies, Asma has an oligopoly in light-engine equipment.
Tokyo's electronic and pan forest semiconductors are the three top providers of process equipment, such as plasma etching and thin film deposition. The cosmopolitan semiconductor is the lead company in testing the equipment.
Based on demand-side analysis, the sales of semiconductor equipment on mainland China in 2018 were estimated at $12.8 billion, an increase of 56 per cent over the same year, about 21 per cent of the global semiconductor equipment market, which is the second largest semiconductor demand market in the world after Korea.
From supply-side analysis, according to the statistics of the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association, sales of domestic semiconductor equipment in 2018 are estimated at 10.9 billion yuan, or about 13% self-sufficiency. The data from the China Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry Association include integrated circuits, led, panels, photovoltaics, etc. The domestic market for integrated circuit equipment is actually self-supporting.
The rate is only about 5%, only 1-2% in the global market, and the rate of self-sufficiency in the market for the most technology-intensive integrated circuit front-way equipment is even lower. The problem of dependence on Chinese semi-conductor equipment for imports is particularly acute in response to the large demand gap, and the heavy reliance on imports of specialized equipment not only has a serious impact on the industrial development of our semi-conductor, but also poses a major risk to our electronic information security.
4. Panforest semiconductors account for half of the market share of corrosion equipment. The industry in which the company operates is divided into the corrosion equipment industry in the integrated circuit equipment industry and the mocvd equipment industry in the led equipment industry.
Integrated circuit equipment includes crystal circle manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment, testing equipment, etc. The market for crystal circle manufacturing equipment is 80% larger than the overall market for integrated circuit equipment. Crystal circle manufacturing equipment can be classified into more than ten categories of etching, light etching, thin film deposition, detection, coating, etc. The total investment is usually the entire crystal round.
About 75 per cent of the total investment in the plant, with corrosion equipment, light-engine equipment, and film-sediment equipment being the most important three types of equipment in the integrated circuit front-way manufacturing process. According to Semi, sales of global crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment in 2017 by analogy, etching equipment, light-engine equipment and film-sediting equipment currently account for about 24 per cent of the value of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment, respectively.
As the process of integrated circuit chip manufacturing progresses, the line width is shrinking, the chip structure is 3d, crystal-crystal manufacturing is moving to 7 nm, 5 nm, and more advanced processes. Because of wavelength constraints on commonly used impregnated light engraving machines, the microstructure of 14 nm and less will be processed through processes of plasma etching and thin film deposition.
The combined-multiple template effect results in an increase in the processing steps of the equipment. Erosion equipment and film deposition are expected to become more critical and highly invested. According to Semi statistics, the market size of the various types of crystal circle manufacturing equipment as of 2017 has changed as follows:
In the area of corrosion equipment, where demand is growing faster, there is a higher concentration in the industry, with pan forest semiconductors occupying the city of corrosion equipment.
The data show that the market share of pan forest semiconductors in the corrosion equipment industry rose from about 45 per cent in 2012 to about 55 per cent in 2017, largely replacing the market share of Tokyo electronics.
The second-highest market share of Tokyo ' s electronics fell from 30% in 2012 to 20% in 2017. The application material was in third place, accounting for about 19% of the market share in 2017.
5. More than 40% of the global holdings of the device are made up of liner processing, led outer chip production, chip manufacturing and device encapsulation. The main items in the chain are single crystal furnaces, multiline cutters for liner processing, and mocvd for the manufacture of the extension.
Equipment: Light etching, etching, cleaning, detection equipment required for chip manufacture: packaged stickers, fixed crystals, led extensions are an important step in the production of led chips, unlike the manufacturing process in which integrated circuits circulate between multiple core devices, mainly through mocvd single-type devices. Mocvd equipment is the most important in the manufacture of led.
Equipment, which typically accounts for more than half of the total input into the led production line, makes the number of mocvd equipment a visual indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturer. In recent years, the rapid development of the led chip industry in China has led to a rapid increase in the demand for mocvd equipment, which is the core equipment of the industry.
According to high-workled data, China’s share of mocvd equipment grew from 1,222 to 1,718 between 2015 and 2017, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18%. According to the Ledinside, China has become the world’s largest demand market for mocvd equipment, with mocvd equipment holding more than 40% of the world’s total.
The current downstream applications of mocvd equipment include mainly blue light led, while blue light led is used mainly in lighting. The combination of blue light led and fluorescent powder has created a new-generation lighting market that replaces incandescent lamps and fluorescent lamps. More noteworthy, blue light led is inextricably linked to nitrogenium, and the key to a breakthrough in blue lightled research and development has been found by scientists.
Nitrogenium, a semiconductor material with a large restricted bandwidth. Nitrogenium hydrazole has contributed to the development of the lighting industry.
In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the first internationally recognized customer's production line and in the processing of several key steps in the 7 nanometer device; at the same time, the company is using advanced integrated electricity.
Road manufacturers need to develop 5 nm and more advanced etching equipment and processes. At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company’s technology for capacitating plasma etching equipment can be applied to the volume of 64 floors, while the company is developing 96 floors and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of storage manufacturers.
In line with industrial trends, companies are highly competitive in domestic corrosion equipment markets, and the share of orders in the number of corrosion equipment stations purchased by the two countries that have recently been known to store chips is as follows:
The share of company b's corrosion equipment orders (number of stations) Mocvd equipment prsmod-blue, prsmoa7 achieves a single cavity of 14 inches and a single cavity of 34 inches expansive processing capacity.
The company, in close collaboration with a number of leading Led extension companies, is now deeply integrated. At the same time, the company is developing larger-sized mocvd devices, which will help the industry move forward.
The company is also developing mocvd equipment to cover the UV Led, Miniled market, further integrating it with industrial development. By 2017, mocvd equipment was largely monopolized by two international manufacturers, Vieco and Ethio.
According to ihsmarkit, the company dominated the global market for nitrazine-based equipment in 2018. Mocvd equipment, developed autonomously by the company, has been procured in large quantities by a number of top-notch-manufacturers, such as triam, luminum, dry light, etc.
The average annual compound growth rate is 64.00%. With the expansion of the company’s operations, the income from the company’s semiconductor-specific equipment will be on a par with the growth in the company’s financial position.
Annual growth: in 2016, 2017 and 2018, revenues from company-specific equipment operations were $488.393 million, company losses were reversed in 2017 and business performance continued to grow well in 2018.
Large-scale effects lead to higher profitability. There is a certain degree of volatility, mainly due to: the high degree of customization of the corrosion equipment of a company; the different requirements of downstream customers for specifications, product standards, technical parameters, etc.; differences in product structure and function; and similar settings.
There is a certain difference between reserve prices and the associated Māori rate: in order to build up advanced process experience, enhance the stickyness of priority customers, help them to continuously improve their production materials and reduce production costs, companies compensate for the presence of process parameters in the use of equipment that are slightly lower than the client's expectations and account for current operating costs, in 2017, in accordance with industry practice.
The low level of revenue from equipment operations led to a decline in the Māori rate of the company ' s corrosion of equipment in the same year. The Māori rate of the company ' s mocvd equipment increased by 4.31 percentage points in 2017, mainly as a result of the introduction in 2017 of the company ' s mocvd equipment of the Prismoa7 model, which is higher than the technical content of the Prismod-blue model; and the mocvd in 2018.
The Māori rate for equipment fell by 11.79 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of the strategic reduction in product sales prices by companies in order to further increase market share and increase sales.
In 2016 and 2017, the weighted average net assets of companies were negative and the weighted average net assets rate of return indicator was not applied, mainly due to the expansion of corporate sales, the increase in pre-collected accounts and the increase in the return of receivables.
The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations is 2.87 times higher than the net profit, and there has been a significant increase in the quality of the profits.The company intends to use part of this release to raise funds for the high end semiconductor equipment extension project, the Technology Research and Development Centre construction upgrade project and the replenishment of liquidity.
The main competitor of the company and its equivalent The main competitor applications of the etching equipment, the pan forest semiconductor, the Tokyo electronics, and the domestic manufacturer of the North China: the main competitor of the mocvd equipment is Vieco and Aceqiang.
(1) Applied Materials (appliedmaterials, inc.) is a semiconductor and display manufacturer whose division was established in 1967 and is based in Santa Clara, Silicon Valley, United States.
Amounted to $14.5 billion, with 90 branches in 17 countries with a global staff of 18,400. More than 11,900 patents were held. (2) Pan-forest semiconductor
The Panforest Group (lamresearchcorp.), founded in 1980 in the city of Frimont, California, United States, is a global crystal maker and a leader in the provision of semiconductor services. The Panforest is committed to innovative solutions that help our clients produce smaller, but faster, stronger, more energy-efficient electronics, almost all of which are more efficient.
Small but complex chips for products such as fittings, semiconductor manufacturers need high-precision processes and equipment. In front-track processes such as film deposition, plasma etching, photoresistance, crystal circle cleaning, and back-breathing applications, the panforests provide market leaders with a combination of products and programs.
(3) Tokyo Electronic Devices Ltd. (tokyoetechronltd.) was established in 1963 as one of the largest manufacturers of semiconductor manufacturing equipment and LCD manufacturing equipment worldwide. Its products consist mainly of: coating/apparent setting.
The Tel Group has established its own networks in Japan, the United States, Europe, South Korea, Taiwan and mainland China, and now has nearly 30 subsidiaries and more than 80 branches worldwide. Multi-dimensional research, development, and increasingly, research and development are taking place around the world.
Growing clients provide the most complete support. (4) The North China Corporation is China’s largest electronic equipment production base and high-end electronic component manufacturing base.
At the core of the integrated circuit manufacturing process technology, integrated circuit process equipment, solar cell manufacturing equipment, gas quality flow controllers (mfc), tft equipment, vacuum thermal treatment equipment, lithium ion battery manufacturing equipment, etc. have been developed and are widely used in several emerging products such as semiconductors, photovoltaics, electrical electrons, tft-lcd, led, mems, lithium, etc.
Industry. With regard to high-precision electronic components, the company built up a new product, new process research and development system based on years of technological accumulation, and the product technology is constantly being upgraded. Products of high-precision electronic components, such as resistance, capacitors, transistors, microwaves, modular power sources, mixed integrated circuits, have been developed and produced for a wide range of precision instrumentation products.
Tables, automatic controls, etc. (5) Vieco-Vieco Instruments Inc. (veecoinstrumentsinc.) is mainly involved in the design, manufacture and marketing of film film processing.
Equipment, making possible the production and development of high-tech electronics worldwide. Companies have maturely developed metal organic chemicals with heavy volume (mocvd), molecular beam extension (me) light time, laser peaks, ion beams, single-chip etching and clean technologies that play a role in the manufacture of solid-state lighting and displays, as well as electrical electrons, photovoltaics, optical and advanced semiconductor devices.
The company also provides solutions for the semiconductor crystal-crystal detection market, which uses the know-how-related gradients (cgs) technology, and for leading research institutions, the atomic layer deposition (ald) tool. Aixtronco., Ltd. was founded in 1983 by the University of the Amazon Industry (rwthaachen) and half.
The equipment provided by the company allows for the manufacture of advanced electronic and photoelectronic applications, which are used to include the application of a lad, display technology, data storage, data transmission, energy management and transformation, communications, signalling and light technology, and other cutting-edge technologies.
2. Compared with the valuations of industry-focused companies,a the most similar share of companies to corporate business is in the North, while technology in Hasegawa and pure technology are the production of semiconductor equipment, but it is applied in different processes, and Jedja Weibo is the production of pevcd equipment in the field of photovoltaic manufacturing.a
The following are the valuations of similar companies in the Division: (a) the risk of technological backwardness; and (b) the risk of loss of key technologies.
In the six months following the report, the value of the securities relative to the 300 index of depth is the standard. Business qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investments.
Purpose, financial position and specific needs, consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.