It's a recognized rear show in the field of semiconductor equipment, and it's engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, and it's a global semiconductor manufacturer.
Its associated high-tech and emerging industry companies provide high-end equipment and technological solutions, mainly for semiconductor manufacturing enterprises such as integrated circuits, led chips, mems, etc. They provide corrosion equipment, mocvd and other equipment.
The number of firms that can compete directly with the world’s top equipment companies and expand their market share is a recognized legacy of the international semi-conductor equipment industry. With revenue and net profits growing, R & D investment continues to grow.
A comparative chart of industry performance (nearly 12 months) broke out in 2017, and business performance continued to grow well in 2018. With the expansion of business size, corporate profitability rose year by year.
The company aims at the world's technological frontier, adheres to continuous innovation in technology and products, and maintains a high level of research and development investment in "System Electronics Research" and "Ship Chips: Crafts."
Corporate-owned corrosion equipment is gradually breaking the monopoly of international leading firms in the domestic market.
It's accepted by mainstream integrated circuit manufacturers, both within and outside the sea. In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, the company's developed technology understanding market, the multi-media smart terminal chip leader. High-end etching equipment has been used on the most advanced production lines of internationally recognized customers and for 7 nanometers.
The company develops 5 nanometers and more in line with the needs of advanced integrated circuit manufacturers.
Artistic blockade, promoting national production substitution. 2019-03-25. Body etching equipment technology can be applied to volume production on the 64th floor, while companies are developing 96th floors and more advanced corrosion equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of storage manufacturers.
Mocvd: Broadly recognized, market dominated, and corporate mocvd equipment since 2017 has gradually broken the monopoly of Vieco and Ether. In 2018, the company dominated the global market for nitrided mocvd equipment.
Most of the mocvd equipment developed has been procured in large quantities by first-class light manufacturers such as triam, luminum, and dry light. By the end of 2018, the company had accumulated more than 1,100 response stations serving more than 40 advanced chip production lines, both domestically and internationally.
The company plans to raise $1 billion in new shares for public distribution to the public for high-end semiconductor equipment upgrading projects, technology research and development centre construction upgrading projects, and replenishment of liquidity.
The company is one of the few companies in the country that can compete directly with the world’s top semiconductor equipment companies and expand its market rate. It is a recognized legacy of the international semiconductor equipment industry. Keep in mind that the company relies on China’s market, capital, and policy, relying on its own technology for research and development, by developing high-performance production.
Further growth in the production of high-end equipment is achieved. 1, ipo risks are not progressing well; 2, orders are not as high as expected; 3, R & D is not progressing well, M & M is a recognized back-to-back show in semiconductor equipment.
SME is engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, providing high-end equipment and technological solutions for global semiconductor manufacturers and their associated high-tech emerging industry companies, and providing corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment and other equipment for semiconductor manufacturing enterprises such as integrated circuits, led chips, mems, etc.
Plasma etching equipment is one of the three main components of the integrated circuit production line, and mocvd equipment is a key equipment for many semiconductor devices, such as optical appliances, power devices, etc. The corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment industries show a highly monopolistic pattern of competition.
Enterprises that can compete directly with top global equipment companies and expand market access are recognized by the international semiconductor equipment industry. Companies’ plasma etching equipment has been widely applied to international frontline customers ranging from 65 nanometres to 14 nanometers, 7 nanometers,
The company has become one of the world’s leading manufacturers of nitrous silicone-based equipment. The company’s main clients are a build-up power, a core international, a Hercules, a wilaya electron, a United States-owned electronics, a Yangtze storage,
In the 2018 "Crown Satisfaction" survey of the global chip device Vlsirerearch, the company ranked first, the global supplier of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment ranked third, the professional supplier of chip manufacturing equipment ranked second, and the film was ranked second.
The company’s advantage in terms of customer certification and service is reflected in the number one supplier of sedimentary equipment, whose shareholding ratio is 20.02% in Shanghai and 19.39% in Shanghai.
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder of the company, chairman and managing director of the company, has 35 years of industry experience in semiconductor chips and equipment, and is an important contributor to the development and industrialization of international plasma etching technology.
Intel, engaged in core technology development; led the development of etching technology for a number of priority products in the Panforest Semiconductor, 1986-1991; held senior management positions in application materials in 1991-2004, including the Vice-President of the Enterprise, the Managing Director of the Carving Industries Department, and the Chief Technology Officer at the Asian headquarters. Dr. Yoon Zhiyu is 89 United States patents and over 200 others.
In 2018, Dr. Yoon Chiyo, along with the President of Intel, Grovendceo, was selected as the ten leading world leaders in the international semiconductor industry (allstars). Other co-founders of the company, core technicians and important technical and engineering personnel included Dr. Do Chi-ho,
By the end of 2018, the company had 381 R & D and engineering technicians, or 58% of the total number of employees.
A major special R & D project is the implementation of a major national science and technology development pole unit, which has successfully completed the development and industrialization of four plasma carving machines. The fifth R & D project, which is currently under way, is two years ahead of schedule.
The company will continue to explore innovative applications of core technologies in the country’s population.
In 2017, the company swollen its losses, and its performance continued to grow well in 2018, with a net return of $9.87 million. With the expansion of business size, the company’s profitability has increased year by year.
The company’s main business income comes mainly from the sale of semiconductor-specific equipment. The exclusive equipment business for 2016-2018 is primarily corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment. Other equipment revenue is sales of voc equipment. The sales revenue from corrosion equipment and the investment intensity, pace of investment and construction of new or expanded production capacity of integrated circuit manufacturers.
In 2016, companies sold 56 pieces of corrosion equipment. In 2017, a small number of customers were affected by the decline in capital spending.
The sales of corrosion equipment dropped to 33 cavities, or 41.07 per cent in the same year. Investments by producers of integrated circuits in mainland China continued to grow significantly in 2018, with companies increasing their sales in mainland China in a timely manner, and the sales of corrosion equipment returned to 71 cavities, an increase of 115.15 per cent in the same year.
The unit price for the sale of corrosion equipment decreased by 9.02% in 2018, mainly because of the primoscad-rie type, which has increased its sales revenue, whereas the type of corrosion device is a single cavity reaction station and is sold at a relatively low price compared to other single multi-reaction station equipment. Corporate sales of corrosion equipment as a whole increased by 95.74% in 2018, returning to normal levels.
The sales volume of the Prismoa 7 mocvd equipment, which was fully recognized by the customer in 2017, increased rapidly. 57 cavity and 106 cavity were sold in 2018, and the company mocvd equipment consisted mainly of two models: Prismod-blue and Prismoa7, respectively.
The sales price varied considerably depending on the product performance and configuration, and the sales price of Prismoa7 was higher. In 2016, the company sold the Prismod-blue model, with a lower average sales price of $51.19 million. In 2017, the main sales were the Prismoa 7 model, with a significant increase of 79.20 per cent in the unit price.
The decrease of 15.63 per cent was mainly due to a tactical reduction in the price of sales of products in order to further increase market share. 530 million yuan in 2017, representing an increase of 33.04.74 per cent in the sales of equipment, mainly due to a significant increase in sales volume and unit prices. 832 million yuan in 2018, representing an increase of 56.90 per cent in the sales volume.
Independent units reacting and separately valued in mocvd. Production and sales of company etching equipment in 2016-2018 totalled 220 cavity and 160 cavity respectively. Mocvd production and sales totalled 248 cavity and 166 cavity respectively.
Corporate corrosion equipment and mocvd products are mainly marketable, and the overall higher volume of production than sales is mainly due to the fact that most of the platforms are installed and debugging on the customer ' s production line after distribution, and revenue is recognized after receipt by the customer.
From 2016 to 2018, Ihsmarkit data show that companies dominated the global market for nitrous nitridel mocvd equipment in 2018. Clients in the mainland increased their investment in 2018, and demand for corrosion equipment recovered significantly.
Other countries and regions accounted for a relatively low share of income, with income from foreign sales as a major component of the main operating costs of 2.19 per cent, 1.69 per cent and 1.62 per cent, respectively, comprising mainly the salaries of producers in 2016-2018.
The share of service costs is 7.07 per cent, 4.88 per cent and 3.40 per cent, respectively, mainly for support materials, logistics and warehousing. The raw materials required by companies are mainly components of machinery, electrical, electromechanical, gas-transmission systems, vacuum systems, sensors, instrumentation and aerodynamic systems.
With the expansion of operations, Māori is growing over the years. Māori from the main business in 2016-2018. Māori from the main business in 2016-2018. Māori from the main business in 2016-2018 were $203, 111,169 million. The ratio of Māori from the main business is due to the decline in revenue from the sale of corrosion equipment.
This represents an increase of 142.40 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in proceeds from the sale of mocvd equipment, which is the result of an increase in the volume of sales of specialized equipment and the annual increase in the level of income from spare parts for supplies.
The business Māori rate decreased by 3.09 percentage points from the same year, mainly as a result of the decrease in the Māori rate for mocvd equipment, due mainly to: 1; the high degree of customization of company etching equipment; the different requirements of downstream customers for specifications, product standards, technical parameters, etc.; differences in product structure and function; and the price of similar equipment and associated Māori
There are differences between rates; in order to build up advanced process experience, enhance the stickyness of priority customers, help them to continuously improve their production materials, reduce production costs, companies compensate for the presence of trade parameters in the use of equipment that are slightly lower than the client's expectations, taking into account current operating costs and the low level of revenue from the operation of corrosion equipment in 2017,
This led to a decline in the Māori rate of company corrosion equipment in the same year. Model, which is higher than the technical content of the Prismod-blue model; Māori rate of mocvd equipment in 2018, which decreased by 11.79 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the strategic reduction of production by companies in order to further increase market share and sales.
Preliminary semiconductors, Tokyo Electronics, Applied Materials, and Northern Chinese Corporations are comparablely listed in the area of corrosion equipment, and Vieco and Aethqiang are comparable listed companies in the area of mocvd Equipment. Competing applications, panforest semiconductors, Tokyo Electronics are basically the same.
The average is roughly the same as that of a company. In 2018, a certain seasonality emerged as a result of the company’s policy of further expanding its market share and increasing its sales, a strategic reduction in low sales prices and a decrease in the Māori ratio for mocvd equipment, which led to a lower Māori ratio for company-owned business than for the same industry, mainly as a result of downstream customer purchasing practices.
Corporate customers, especially those in the mainland region, usually make year-round capital expenditure plans, resulting in a relative concentration of most of the company’s equipment in the second half of the year, resulting in higher revenues in the third and fourth quarters of the company. Companies’ sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs are increasing year by year.
Financial costs of $192 million, $265 million and $357 million, respectively, a proportion of the current year's operating income, each year as the income rises, companies target the world's technological frontier, maintain sustained innovation in technology and products, maintain significant R & D inputs and year by year 2016 and 2017, the ratio of R & D inputs to the operating income of companies in comparison with the share of companies in the same industry in North China.
Third, equipment is the cornerstone of semiconductor manufacturing, and data from the vast wsts of national production replacement space show that the global semiconductor market grew from $30.56 billion to $4.68 billion in 2013-2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.93 per cent.
The semiconductor industrial chain is a semiconductor end product and its derivatives, applications, systems, and so on. Semiconductor products account for 3933, 380, 241, 13.4 billion United States dollars in global market size by year for integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices, sensors, 14.6 per cent, 9.3 per cent, 11.7 per cent and 6.0 per cent, respectively, representing a share of the market size of the semiconductor.
On the demand side, China has become the world’s largest producer and consumer market for electronics, generating huge sums of money that have grown to $155 billion, with a combined annual growth rate of about 13.58%. China’s semiconductor products will be consumed in the future as the Internet, big data, cloud computing, physical networking, artificial intelligence, and 5g, among other strategic and emerging industries, develop further.
At the supply end, the market for domestic integrated circuits is small. The self-sufficiency rate in 2018 is about 15%. According to the General Customs Administration, imports of integrated circuits have been ranked first of all imports for four consecutive years, starting in 2015.
Semiconductor products are diverse, different designs and functions vary from product to product, and there are differences in manufacturing processes and processes.
and design services, materials, equipment, middle- and middle-stream manufacturing, which can be divided into design, crystal-rounding, sealing three links, downstream being the application areas for integrated circuit products.
The semiconductor equipment industry is the upstream core of the semiconductor industrial chain. Based on the experience of the semiconductor industry of “a generation of equipment, a generation of processes, a generation of products”, semiconductor products are designed to develop a new generation of processes in a super-previous electronic system, while semi-conductor equipment is designed to develop a new generation of products in a super-previous semiconductor. So semiconductor equipment is the cornerstone of semiconductor manufacturing.
With the rapid development of the semiconductor industry, the processing area of semiconductor products has doubled and become more complex, and the manufacturing equipment needed to produce semiconductor products requires the combination of optical, physical, chemical and other technologies, with high technical barriers, high manufacturing difficulties, and high R & D inputs. Semiconductor equipment is generally of high value, with an advanced manufacturing half.
The value of equipment in production-line investments in the products of the carrier accounts for more than 75% of total investment, and the development of the semiconductor industry has resulted in a huge demand market for equipment. Semi data show that global sales of semiconductor equipment increased from $31.8 billion to $62.1 billion between 2013 and 2018.
By the end of demand, Semi is expected to sell US$ 12.8 billion, or 56% more, of semiconductor equipment in mainland China in 2018, or about 21% of the global semiconductor equipment market, which is the second largest semiconductor in the world after Korea.
The data of the China Electronics Industry Association include integrated circuits, led panels, photovoltaics, etc. The domestic market for integrated circuit equipment is about 5%, the global market is about 1% - 2%, and the lead-way equipment for the highest technology is even lower. The import of semiconductor equipment in China is dependent on questions about self-sufficiency.
The problem is that not only does it seriously affect the development of semiconductor industries, but it is also a major threat to the security of electronic information in our country. Currently, the world’s semiconductor equipment is dominated by foreign manufacturers, and the industry is highly monopolistic.
The manufacturers started early and, with the advantages of capital, technology, customer resources, brands, accounted for 65% of the global market for semiconductor equipment. Asma has an oligopoly in light-engine equipment.
China’s semiconductor equipment is still small in size compared to the industry’s champions. But domestic firms are also growing, moving closer to some of the leading firms in the foreign segment.
The difference is that the accounting period for the application material was November of the previous year - October of the same year; the accounting period for the pan forest semiconductor was July of the previous year - June of the same year: Tokyo Electronics was April of the previous year - March of the same year: the accounting period for Vieco, Ahqiang and Nord China was annual, as follows. The Māori ratio indicator for Māori is the Māori rate for the main business.
Throughout the development history of the semiconductor industry, despite the apparent cyclical fluctuations in the industry, the overall growth trend has not changed, and every technological change has been an important driver of growth in the industry. Technology changes in personal computers, broadband Internet to mobile Internet have increased the market prospects for semiconductor industries such as integrated circuits, mems, power devices, etc.
While near-high penetration of short-term PCs and smart phones has some impact on rapid growth in the semiconductor industry, the emergence of new applications such as networking, 5g, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and big data will provide new growth incentives for the industry. In the long run, the landscape of the semiconductor industry is expected to maintain a spiral upswing.
With the largest share of investment, semiconductor equipment will benefit directly from the semiconductor industry, which will continue to expand in the future. Driven by Moore’s law, a significant increase in the integration of widgets will require a shrinking of integrated electrical circuits and a more complex manufacturing process.
The semiconductor equipment of the table is involved in the production of integrated circuits. The structure of the semiconductor device is also complicated and the number of stacking layers continues.
In general, factors such as the size of integrated circuits and the shrinking of the width of the lines, the stereotyping of the product structure and the complexity of the production process have created a higher demand for semiconductor equipment and a wider market for the development of core equipment represented by corrosion, film deposition equipment.
As the world’s largest semiconductor consumer market, our country’s demand for semiconductor products has continued to flourish, and has led to a gradual shift of global production centres to mainland China, driving up the overall industrial size and technological level of semiconductors on the continent. Semi shows 17 new crystallized mills built around the world in 2016 and 2017, 10 of which are located in mainland China.
Semi expects to build 62 new crystal-crystal generation lines globally between 2017 and 2020, with 26 new crystal-crystal plants on mainland China becoming the most active region in the world, with an overall investment expected to be 42% of the world’s new crystal-crystal plants. The sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China are 106% higher than in South Korea for the first time, and are expected to be the world’s largest in 2019.
Meanwhile, the growth of demand and investment in China’s semiconductor industry has contributed to the development of the country’s semiconductor industry, which offers opportunities for expansion and upgrading of our equipment industry. The semiconductor industry is experiencing unprecedented opportunities for growth.
Erosion equipment: High competitiveness, breaking foreign monopolies (i) sustained development of advanced products, covering key process nodes The company has been developing very high frequency (VHF) cc-coupled corrosion equipment (VHF) since its establishment in 2004.
So far, the two-reaction platform Primod-rie, the two-reaction platform Primoad-rie and the single-reaction platform Primoad-rie three-generation etching machine products have been successfully developed, covering 65 nanom, 45 nanom, 32 nanom, 28 nanom, 22 nanom, 14 nanom, 7 nanom to 5 nanom critical dimensions.
The company has developed an icp etching device since 2012 and has so far successfully developed a pprimo nanova etching device for single-reaction stations, while also developing a two-reaction table icp etching device.
The company has also successfully developed electro-sensor deep silicon etching equipment in response to the need for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry.
Companies are competitive in the domestic market for corrosion equipment, and in the recent past they have received a higher share of orders from two well-known domestic producers of chip storage. Companies have developed a number of innovative technologies and implemented product applications.
The electron plasma etching device, for example, uses the logic circuit ion to inject an organic masked layer of corrosion.
Premoad-rie-e etching equipment has reached internationally advanced levels. The electrosensive plasma etching device, Primonanova, is fast entering the market for advanced design, high processing efficiency and high value for money.
The company is even better off than the international manufacturer of similar equipment. Deep silicon etching equipment (tsv series) has entered the international mainstream mems production line, and its performance is not less than that of internationally comparable products.
Corporate-owned etching equipment is gradually breaking the monopoly of international leading firms in the domestic market and has been accepted by mainstream integrated circuit manufacturers, both within and outside the country. In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used in the most advanced production lines of internationally recognized customers and in the processing of a number of key steps in the 7 nano units.
In the 3dnand chip manufacturing process, the company's electrovolent plasma etching equipment technology can be applied to the volume of 64 floors, while the company is developing 96 floors and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of the storage plant. The company's etching equipment technology is at the top of the world.
(ii) Erosion is a core process, with process upgrades driving the enhancement of importance The integrated circuit manufacturing process is complex and light etching, etching and film deposition are three core processes.
Art is the depositing of a layer of film on a crystal circle to be treated, the gel process is the luminous coating of the film, the photocalculation and the visualization process is the transfer of the graphics on the photorecord to the photorecord, the etching process is the transfer of the graphics from the photorecord to the film, and the removal of the photorect is the completion of the transfer of the graphics from the photorectal to the crystal circle.
The process of manufacturing the chip requires dozens of layers of photo masks, and the integrated circuits are made mainly through the three main process cycles of film deposition, light etching and etching, which move all photo masks from one layer to the other to the crystal circle, so that the membrane deposition, light etching and etching are the three core processes of semi-conductor manufacturing.
Integrated circuit equipment includes crystal circle manufacturing equipment, encapsulating equipment, testing equipment, etc. The market model for crystal circle manufacturing equipment accounts for more than 80% of the total market size of integrated circuit equipment.
The total amount is usually about 75% of the total investment in the entire crystal circle plant. The most important three types of equipment in the integrated circuit front-track process are etching, light etching, thin film deposition equipment.Semi data show that sales of the global crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment were by analogy, etching, light, thin in 2017.
As the process and structure become more complex, etching equipment and thin film deposition equipment are expected to become the more critical and highly invested equipment. The use of etching equipment is increasing. Semi data shows that the market size of etching equipment is constantly increasing.
The pan forest semiconductor, because of its complete etching equipment class, gradually outpaced the appliance material and Tokyo electronics market from 65 nanometres, 45 nanometers. The inforestwork data show that the panforest semiconductor has increased its market share in etching equipment from 45% in 2012 to 55% in 2017, largely replacing Tokyo electricity.
In 2017, the top three companies accounted for 94% of the total market share of corrosion equipment. Technical barriers to the industry were evident, with a high concentration of industry.
Erosion can be divided into wet etchings and dry etchings. Wet etchings are poor for all directions of the opposites, and side walls are prone to horizontal etchings. Erosion causes corrosion deviations, which are usually used for applications of greater process size, or for cleaning residues after dry etching. Dry etching is the prevailing etching technique, dominated by plasma drying.
Plasma etching equipment is a large vacuum of fully automated processing equipment, typically composed of several vacuum plasmas, reaction cavities and host transfer systems. The classification of plasma etching equipment is closely related to the etching process, and its rationale is that chemically active particles generated by plasma discharges are chemically present with the material on the surface under the ion.
Reaction, generating volatilized gases, resulting in microstructures being processed on surface materials. Plasma etching equipment includes capacitive plasma etching equipment (ccp, capacitively coupled Plasma) and electro-sensive plasma etching equipment (icp, indicativelycoupledplasma).
Neutron etching equipment is used mainly for materials with high hardness, such as corrosion oxides, nitrogen compounds, high-energy ion reactions, corrosion of microstructures such as deep holes, deep ravines, etc. The electrosensive plasma etching equipment is used mainly for etching single crystal silicon, multi-crystal silicon, etc., to carve softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very homogeneous ion concentrations.
Two types of corrosion devices cover the main etching applications, and as the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process progresses, the width of the threads shrinks, the chip structure 3d, the crystal circle manufacturing moves towards more advanced processes, all of which create new space for corrosion equipment.
High-end chip production moves from 14 nanometres to 10 nanometers in a direction of 7 nanometres, 5 nanometers, or even smaller. The immersion of immersion light engraved machines is limited by wavelengths, and the microstructure of the logical device up to 14 nanometres will be processed through a combination of plasma etching and thin film depositions — multiple template effects that will allow the equipment to be processed.
A sharp increase. A smaller size can be obtained from the etching process, which increases the importance of the etching technology and related equipment. The reduced width of the chip line and the introduction of new manufacturing processes (e.g. multiple template processes) require greater accuracy and recombination of the etching technology. The etching technology requires etching speed, heterogeneity, deviation, selection, depth ratio, evenness.
Greater requirements are met for indicators of homogeneity, residues, plasma-induced sensitive device damage, particle contamination, etc., and corrosion devices are updated, e.g., the electrostatic sorption disk of the corrosion device is expanded from the original four to more than 20 subsectors to achieve a higher level of homogeneity; and better temperature control of the cavity increases the duplication of production.
The linear width of the 2d storage device is near physical limits, and the Nand flash has entered the 3d era. Currently, 64-storey 3d Nand flashes are produced and 96 and 128 layers of flashes are under development. In the 3dnand manufacturing process, the main way to increase integration is not by reducing the upper width of the single layer, but by increasing the number of layers that are stacked. The etching is to oxidate silicon and nitrous silicon.
A pair of stacked structures, processing 40:1 to 60:1 deep or deep grooves. An increase in the 3dnand layer is more demanding for etching technology to achieve a higher depth ratio. The company’s main competitors in the corrosion equipment field are pan forest semiconductors, Tokyo electronics, appliance materials, North China.
V. MOCVD: widely accepted and market-driven (i) development of larger-size products and promotion of industrial technological upgrading
--mocvd, including the first generation of equipment prismod-blue, the second generation of equipment prismoa7 and the third generation of 30 inches of large-sized equipment under development, which can be used for the preparation of blue green light, power devices, etc. The company mocvd equipment has reached an internationally advanced level, as compared with similar international equipment dealers, as follows:
Before 2017, the mocvd equipment was largely monopolized by two international manufacturers, Vieco and Eichmann. Since 2017, the company's mocvd equipment has gradually broken its monopoly. ihsmarkit data show that in 2018 the company dominated the global market for ledmocvd equipment.
Multiple response stations serve more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad. The company's mocvd equipment, prismod-blue, prismoa7, is capable of processing 14 single 4 inches and 34 single cavity 4 inches, respectively.
The mocvd market is dominated. At the same time, the company is developing larger-sized mocvd equipment.
(ii) China’s led production capacity, new applications to upgrade the market space High worker led data show that China’s led industry produced 55.9 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 20 per cent over the same period. The led industrial chain consists of liner processing, led extension production, chip manufacturing and device encapsulation.
Equipment includes: single-crystal furnaces, multi-line cutters, mocvd equipment required for the manufacture of extras; light etching, etching, cleaning, detection equipment required for the manufacture of chips; and the preparation of patches, crystals fixers, welding tables and led extras required for the encapsulation is an important step in the production of the led chip, which circulates with integrated circuits between the multiple cores.
The mocvd equipment is typically purchased for more than half of the total input into the led production line, so the number of mocvd equipment is a visual indicator of the capacity of the led manufacturer.
The rapid development of the Chinese led chip industry has led to a rapid increase in demand for mocvds in recent years. High-worker led data show that China’s holdings of mocvd equipment grew from 1.222 to 1.718 devices in 2015-2017, with annual average growth rates of 18%.
The global ratio is more than 40%.Mocvd equipment is currently used downstream mainly in blue light, mostly in lighting. Mocvd is also available for products such as green light, red light, deep UV-red, and miniled, microled, powerware, etc.
The market size of the mocvd equipment is expected to expand further. The ledinside data show that deep UV-Led produced $223 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,224 million in 2022, with a combined growth rate of 33% in 2017-2022.
The new industry, represented by the new type of led, has gradually become a hot spot to show the industry’s pursuit. Led shows excellent performances in physical sutures, displaying effects, power consumption, and useful life.
With high resolution, high brightness, low power and speed of response, it is considered a new generation of display technologies, such as apples, three stars, lg, Sony, and so forth. With the further development and refinement of miniled and microled technologies, led's new demonstration is expected to be the fastest-growing version of the mocvd application industry following the Led lighting industry.
One. High-level led data for 2015-2017 show a market size of 290, 386, 42 billion yuan, a compound annual growth rate of 30.79%, higher than the rest of the led sub-applications. The led sector is expected to form a two-wheel-driven development model in the future, providing new growth space for the mocvd equipment industry.
The third generation of semiconductor power devices, represented by helium helium helium, carbonated silicon, is rapidly replacing some of the silicon power devices with such advantages as efficiency, low energy consumption, and rapid conversion, extending to areas such as 5g, with a very promising market. After more than 20 years of development since the first commercial blue light in 1993, blue light has been created.
The mocvd equipment enterprise is currently developing technology to meet the market demand for downstream response. The processing capacity of the mainstream mocvd response cavity has grown from 31 inches and 4 inches to 34 inches.
Four inches of extrapolation, now being developed by mainstream industry manufacturers with 41 4 inches of hyper-reactors. The company’s main competitors in the mocvd field are Vieco and Aethqiang.
The company plans to raise 1 billion yuan in new shares for public distribution to the public for high-end semiconductor equipment upgrading projects, technology research and development centre construction upgrading projects and replenishment of liquidity.
Figure 60: Medium- and Micro-Corporate Fund-raising Use 1, Advanced Semiconductor Equipment Expansion Project. The company’s core semiconductor equipment products are mainly corrosion and mocvd. The company’s high-end semiconductor equipment extension plan includes but is not limited to hiring engineers, engineers, engineers, etc.
Experts and other personnel, procurement of different types of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment beta machines, acquisition of necessary production support equipment and software for extension upgrades, storage of essential raw materials such as gas, liners, etc. for extension upgrades, construction of existing production plants and storage facilities to further expand the life of the company's high-end etching equipment and mocvd equipment
Production capacity and applications in related areas.2 The technology R & D centre construction upgrade project. This project will improve the hardware and software equipment of the company technology R & D centre by renovating and upgrading the existing technology R & D centre office building and the research and development laboratory, bringing in excellent technical skills to the industry
Research and development of forward-looking technologies, storage of the core raw materials needed for the project, and enhancement of the firm’s core competitiveness. The company is a very small group of companies that can compete directly with the world’s top semiconductor equipment companies and expand their market share. It is a recognized step forward in the international semiconductor equipment industry.
• Wang Fenghua, a master's degree student at the Chinese People's University, is currently the Executive Director of the Associated Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.