Wall car (601633): Product matrix plus rapid rejuvenation, platform new model sales are steady
The company is a global-famous suv manufacturing company, with an advanced company based on the concept that “the sales of new cars for each of the three technology platforms are close to 50%, with a growing scale effect.
The cumulative volume of sales was nearly 600,000, an increase of 56.5 per cent in the same year, of which about 100,000 were sold in June, and the industry culture and management team created a unique business and management model with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry.
The three technology brands of lemons, tanks, coffee intelligence have continued to empower the public sector to sell new cars, and the new model under the new platform in June has contributed nearly 50% to the company. The new platform now has more than six models on the market, and there will be another Hover flagship, suvhavalxy, in the second half of the year.
WeyMacchido is the first to carry lemon dht in debt and cross-share presentation: the hybrid system model, which is expected to be an effective increase in corporate sales.
Eura brand sales have recovered significantly, and the pressure on the end of production has eased. Eura brand sales in June were 10,971, an increase of 309.5% over the same period, and ring sales by 200% over the first half of this year.
By the end of the production, the O'La brand returns 10,000 vehicles in June, which could be alleviated by a chip shortage. The O'La brand now covers the a00 to b-grade segment of the market, with O'La's three-dollar version of the cat.
Ben’s energy release and the first half of the year’s marketed volume is expected to increase further. Strategy – by 2025, to achieve an annual global sales of 4 million vehicles, 80% of which are new energy vehicles, with an operating income of over $600 billion.
3.0t+9at/9hatp2 technology, such as the power mix, line control chassis, and smart cabins, represents strong corporate R & D power. The company expects to invest $100 billion in R & D over the next five years. In addition, in 2020, the Department made changes to the bottom structure, which helped to improve its operational efficiency and build long-term core competitiveness.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate the far-reaching impact of the changes in the bottom structure of the company, and the long-term core competitiveness built up by technology.
The Great Wall Cars (601633): The product matrix accelerates rejuvenation, the platform’s new model is steadily increasing in sales, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom and the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Company reports the Great Wall Car (601633): The product matrix is fast rejuvenating and the sales of platform new models are steadily increasing, Lee Jin-jin
Master of Management, University of Nankai, with many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Profile of Research Assistant, Jang Yoon
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.