The month of June was a beautiful month for new cars, and the investment rating was: buying (maintaining) a negative growth in sales, and a good performance in a variety of products.
According to FMC data, domestic wholesale sales by car fell by 10% on the same date in June, and companies performed much better than industry. By brand, Hover's brand sold 60,000 singles a month, an increase of 28% from the same year, of which the brand-new type of car was kept hot, and Huff and Red had 9035 singles a month, respectively.
And 4090. Tank brands are sold 7160, tanks 300 orders are available, production is still in the climb phase, and it is expected to rise to 15,000. New energy single-month sales are expected to be 10,791 million, keeping the view high, of which the Ola black cat and the good cat single-month sales are, respectively.
The company ' s prices compare to the trend of 300 deep, 6508 and 3405. • The stock of new vehicles is abundant and the product-driven brand is up.
The Great Wall cars have been active in promoting corporate change since organizational change, with technology, marketing and product upgrading at all levels. The new company cycle has continued since 2021, with a full upgrade of the Wey brand, and high-end intelligence in the mocha, machito, lattes, etc., and how much companies will have in the years to come.
The brand is independent, the tank 300 is a completely new cross-country ecology, the flag is a 700/800 tank, and the tank 500/600 is expected to show up in Chengdu.
The brand-new Hoover flagship is showing up on the women’s market, breaking up the product class, running the blitz cat, the Gargoon Punk cat, and the suv cat, to further improve the line of Oula’s brand. The Hover brand brand’s new flagship is showing up, bringing the Hover model up further.
New vehicles are being delivered at a slower pace than expected; new energy operations have not developed the same risks as expected. 1.5 monthly sales increase, new energy short-term pressure. 2. Industry factors influence performance during the quarter
3. New product endowments, one-quarter sales increases by the same amount as the other: new energy and automobile research groups in Huaan: new electricity and automobile industry. Soong Weigen: five years of experience in automobile industry research, Master ' s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, research areas covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of experience in industrial design and voucher industry research, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.