"The Great Wall's Smart Driving Land is about to be released."
• Highlights of events: On 28 September 2021, MMI organized a brand-opening day on the theme “A thousand miles together in the future”, where the Chairman of MMI, Zhang Kai, ceo Guo, and the head of the Al-Babada Moth, Highto, the United States and the Great Wall's Moca brands opened their mouths in order to automatically drive the future.
• Arithmetic autodrive chips are used to assist in the development of software algorithms to support the sound driving of the Great Wall with a full acceleration. 1) Software area: the millet smart drive was released in October.
The main vehicle, including the 300-city version of the tank, and the Wall itself test the mileage of the vehicle. According to the Wall itself, by the end of 2022, the Wall will have 34 cars with a millimeter mind-driving support system, approximately 80% of the total number of vehicles waiting to be on the market, and by 2023, the system will be on board.
On the basis of vast test data, noh (navigationonhipilot), which is self-researched by MDI, is about to be released in October, to help users achieve intelligent pilot driving from point a to point b and to carry the first version of the Mocha laser radar on the market.
Hardware area: Single-board computing platform releases up to 360 tops. Wall cars, millimeters (i.e. "Multal-Techbox 3.0), platform-platform computing capacity up to 360 tops, sustainable upscaling to 1440 tops, and the model of the autopilot computing platform will be officially launched in 2022.
The city, in conjunction with the Great Wall itself, has developed software algorithms to cover high-speed and urban road commuter scenes.
Unmanned “Breas” perform joint innovations such as manufacturing, factory testing, mass production, etc., The Great Wall Cars (601633): Chips and full life cycle services, with MDI contributing fully to the quality assurance and mass production of small donkeys.
In 2021, the Dharma Academy will be running 1,000 Ari Smart Logistics drones, and the shortage will have an impact on sales, and Eura/Mocca will show up on Chinese campuses. In addition, it will automatically drive software and hardware on unmanned logistics trucks.
The beautiful 2021-09-09 battalion is able to accumulate test data in a synchronized fashion, cover more applications and enhance its technological landing capability.
Combine suv macchido on the market, payable. 2021-08-29  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Watch for the rise of autonomous brands and especially for the new wheels of the Great Wall.
We maintain the parent-to-car net profit for 2021-2023, with the basics leading the industry, preferred the Great Wall, and maintained the “buy-in” rating. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory committee.