On August 27, the Wall Automobile released its semi-annual report for 2021, and the $2021h1 company earned $61,928 million, compared to the previous year.
+72.36 per cent; net profit to the mother of 3,528 million yuan, compared to +20,787 per cent; net profit to the non-mother of 2,841 million yuan, compared to a significant increase in sales due to the impact of the missing core of the same year and a significant increase in net profit to the net profit of the company of 2021h1 in relation to the missing core of the automobile industry, mainly due to increased sales and product balance
1) According to the SAC data, China ' s automobile industry completed 1,2891,000 in the first half of 2021, compared to +25.6% in the first half of the year, with 614,389 in the first half of the year, compared to 53.68% in the second half of the year, increasing at a faster rate than the industry. Corporate sales grew from the domestic and overseas markets.
For the first half of the year, there were 62,000 sales abroad, compared to 138,46 per cent, of which 21,451 were sold in the Grand Wall pickup, with the same figure.
Compared to +225.02%. 2) Corporate smart transformation has accelerated product structure improvements and product prices have been further explored. In the first half of the year, companies have pushed out new models, such as tanks 300, weymoka, Haver Dogs, all of which are located in mid-end high-end markets, with prices ranging from $150,000 to $250,000. In the third quarter of 2021, chip tightness could affect the company ' s overall sales. The missing core problem is expected to open in the fourth quarter of this year.
First, it eased, the new model was rolled out intensely in the second half of the year, and the overall sales were better in the second half of the year. The market was broken down by the user experience, and the branding of new cars was raised, and the automobile industry was entering the user market as the quality of the hardware was improved, and the focus on user needs and experiences would be raised.
At the Shanghai Car Fair this year, the Wall has launched, pre-sold, and placed on the market nearly 20 new cars. The new model will enhance the branding of the Wall in two ways: 1) Emphasis on brand-building, boosting the product.
The Ora brand will focus further on the needs of female users, and will upgrade the product from personal to household cars, and the sales are expected to make a big breakthrough. The combination of tanks 700, 800, focused on luxury comfort + intelligence + cross-country is going beyond the same competition in terms of price and individualization. 2) Full push for mixing. The Wall has developed three hybrid platforms in its own right now.
In the course of the year, the Huff Red Rabbit, WeyMachido, latte, etc., with lemon dht technology, will be placed on the market. The mixed dht “Quick Slutton” features will further enhance product competitiveness. The new model is expected to move towards volume production in 2022 and 2023, and the corporate product matrix will be further refined, and leadership in the segmented market is expected to be further strengthened.
Autonomous brands rise in the context of the transformation of the car-consumption market. The Great Wall's deep-farming market will have a median of 33.63 for the new bus, taking into account that the company's current product cycle will continue upwards, with a better base than the industry, a “recommended” rating will be maintained, a strong product cycle will continue, and sales will be maintained in February.
2. Wall cars (60163.sh): No loss of heat in the hot market, leading to a strong January increase in sales The automobile industry has not recovered as expected; new car markets have fallen short of expectations; chip shortage risks
Company financial statement data projections aggregate securities, Dong Wu securities, Chinese securities, joined the civil securities in August 2020, Jianyan, Master of Finance, Illinois University of Technology, joined the civil securities in 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.