The case of the Great Wall car: the company released its mid-2021 report: 61,933 million yuan in operating income during the reporting period.
The company is a global-renowned suv manufacturing company, with advanced companies based on the concept of a business with a “2.84 billion yen, an increase of 254.2 per cent over the previous year”.
The advantages of the new platform are growing, and the profitability of support companies is increasing. The Māori ratio of the 2021H1 company is the industry culture and management team, creating a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country ' s automobile industry.
The company points out that the main reasons are: (a) the optimal structure of its products, including higher sales of high-origin products such as third-generation Hafh6, Hafer Dogs and Wall Guns; and (b) the global shortage of chips, and corporate highlights for the next three to six months:
The company sells nearly 600,000 new vehicles, an increase of 56.5 per cent over the previous year, and the new vehicle model under the new platform in June contributed nearly 50 per cent to the company’s sales. We believe that platform-based car-making can bring down efficiency gains, and that the new platform-type will lead to continued optimization of the company’s product structure.
The brand matrix will be renewed, and the product structure will be further optimized. According to our calculations, the company's 2021h1 single car is selling at a price that is 11.8% higher than the same period last year, with three technology brands: lemon, tank, coffee intelligence.
Wey brands are high-end intelligence, and weyMacchi Do is the first car to be marketed with a lemon dht hybrid system, which is expected to be an effective increase in corporate sales; Tanc brands are smart enough to cross the border, and tanks under the flag 300 remain more competitive at the end price;
Institutional change and technological innovation build companies’ long-term core competitiveness. Companies change their bottom structure, moving from a “car-making enterprise” to a “user-services-run enterprise” and moving from a business model to a “product” model.
The company now has a number of core technologies, such as lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen lemon technology, titanium batteries, 3.0t+9at/9hatp2 combined power generation, and has a strong research and development capability that is expected to accelerate the acquisition of new paths in the future.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate the far-reaching impact of the changes in the bottom structure of the company, and the long-term core competitiveness built up by technology. Taking into account the global shortage of chips and the impact of rising prices of raw materials, adjust the company’s 2021 profit projections, and expect the company to return to its parent net profit in 2021-2023.
Great Wall Car (601633): Optimizing product structure, increasing profitability, growing Eastern financial intelligence.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall Car (601633): optimized product structure and increased profitability.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.