:: Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) The company released a mid-term performance report for 2021 and achieved a revenue of $62.2 billion in the first half of 2020
The net profit from the non-return to the mother was $2.8 billion, an increase of 253 per cent in the same year. The product structure was optimized and the bicycle profit increased.
1110,000 yuan, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year. The net profit of 2020q2 return to the mother is 1.86 billion yuan, a 13 per cent rise in the ring, benefiting from the optimization of the production structure and the recovery of end discounts, a single-car surplus, company prices compared to 300 deep trends.
The profit is 0.7 million dollars, with the ring rising by 37%. With the impact of the missing core, the impact of the second quarter of the company's sales is felt, we expect to begin to phase out the missing core effects in the third quarter, and the company's sales are expected to be more abundant than the new car stock, and the product class-driven brand is up.
The Great Wall cars have been active in promoting corporate change since organizational change, with technology, marketing and product upgrading at all levels. The new company cycle has continued since 2021, with a full upgrade of the Wey brand, and high-end intelligence in the mocha, machito, lattes, etc., and how much companies will have in the years to come.
The brand is independent, the tank 300 is a completely new cross-country ecology, the flag is a 700/800 tank, and the tank 500/600 is expected to show up in Chengdu.
The card owners hit the women’s market, the product class broke upwards, the car ran the lightning cat, the rectangular punk cat, and the suv cat, and further developed the Oula brand line. The Hafer brand’s new flag ship showed up, bringing the Hafer model up further.
3. Industry factors influence performance in the first quarter
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information or that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.