The Sini Mountain Billows, the Great Wall Car (60133.sh) product series have grown rapidly and performance has grown rapidly.
During the same period, the low base and the warmth of the autonomous brands increased the same year in the first half of the company. In January-June, the Chinese brand took on the same car and +46.8% of the company ' s brand Hafer, which is the main component of the revenue collection, accumulated 97 months as the country ' s Suv monthly sales champions.
Explored that brand premium capacity has been further enhanced, with Māori increasing by 1.53 pct over the last year, increasing research and development inputs, and new models. The company invested $1.858 billion in research and development over the reporting period, compared to +52.27%, in the three technology brands of Lemon's "tank" and "coffee smart" plans.
This year, China’s first fully redundant level-I3 autopilot was achieved. Strategic investments were made in car smart chip public circulation a/total equity (billions): division, development of 6z303.0t engine, smart cabin software, etc.
Market value in circulationa (billions): The Huff Beast, the third-generation Huffh6 new version, the Huff All-New Cars, WeyMachito, Ora Lightcat, Ora Cherry Cat, 700 tanks, 800 tanks, etc., compared to other brands in the market.
Actively expanding overseas markets and increasing market space. The Great Wall is now in production at the Toula plant in Russia, the Luong factory in Thailand is officially operational and the first Hafeh 6hev is offline, and the Indian project is under way.
The net asset rate of return (%): steady progress. Hafff7, Haffff7x, Hafh9 and others are home-grown, and products are popular in the local market. It is hoped that successful models will be introduced into foreign markets in the future and more revenue will be generated.
The overall recovery in the country’s economic performance continues to be positive, with a clear trend towards the return of cars, and the demand for car sales, particularly suv and pickup sales, will remain high.
Picards have a leading role in the two main product markets. Classic models continue to be sold, and existing products have a better reputation.
New car models, new quality and brand image, are more likely to explode in the future.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained for Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. with 66.37 times and 53.27 times.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.