(c) Events: the company released a mid-term performance report for 2021, with 62.2 billion corporate revenues in the first half of the year.
The new vehicle-led product is better structured and better than expected. Against the background of a shortage of industry chips in the second quarter, corporate sales as a whole have declined from the one-quarter ring, but overall performance has grown longer than the one-quarter round, and product optimization under the new vehicle has become a major factor in higher than expected performance:
1) The biggest product structure optimization in the second quarter comes first from the 300-storey tank, which, despite the shortage of chips, has improved significantly in the second quarter compared to the first quarter; 2) the new Hafer dog, hare, first love, etc. have effectively upgraded the Hover brand product structure.
The low-profit Huffm6 vehicle ratio has declined significantly; 3) Industry has a “scratch balance” of supply and demand due to a lack of core, with overall discounts for both old and new products, total equity/flow (million shares)
There is still room for product optimization in the second half of the year. In the second half of the year, the company Wei’s brands Moka, Marchido, etc., are on the market, and Wei’s brand sales are expected to rise, while tank 300 is gradually defusing the core.
There's still much room for a rise in the sale of the Great Wall Cars (601633).
There is still much room for improvement, which will also provide greater elasticity in performance.
• National Institute for the Advancement of Women - 2021/02/07
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.