The volume of the product boosted revenue, and the growth in performance was higher than expected.
Our analysis and judgment of the volume of corporate products have increased, driving significant income growth; product structure optimization has led to an increase in the Māori rate, and after excluding the impact of the low base for the same period last year, performance has continued to be higher than expected. (i) The growth in production and sales has been more spectacular than the increase in the value of the bicycle.
The completion of the full-car sales of 61.44 million vehicles, compared to +53.68 per cent, a much higher rate than the industry (25.6 per cent). Of these, suv (447.72 million) was the main driver of the higher sales than +55.93 per cent and was driven mainly by the Huff brand (38.99 million) which increased by 48.58 per cent; and the pickup card (11.44 million) compared to +12.30 per cent.
Piccard exports have improved significantly; new energy-based cars (5.28 million) have increased by +37.337 per cent at a rate of €10,000, an increase of 12.36 per cent over the year, an increase of 8.53 per cent over the year 2020, a rise in the strength and value of the company ' s products, a build-up of innovation in marketing channels, and an increase in the price of the company ' s products.
(ii) The scale effect of product structural improvements and expansion of product sales, with a significant increase in the q2 Māori ratio. The public goods focus strategy and the effectiveness of new energy and smart development strategies have shown that the product structure has been further optimized, with a higher share of high-value products, excellent cost-control controls and a growing stock of sales.
The scale effect of the increase in profitability and sales is 16.25% for 2021h1, and (iii) multiple initiatives have been very effective in dealing with the lack of cores, with a steady increase in product upgrading sales in the second half of the year. (ii) The impact of chip shortages has increased, companies have adopted a global approach to chip purchases, accelerated chip industry layouts, etc.
The new platform, new products are expected to boost sales further, based on the full version of the Huff Dog 2.0t, the Euratom Cat, the Ora Cherry Cat, the tank 700, the tank 800, etc. Investment proposal: the company is the leading domestic auto proprietor, with market taps broken down in suv and pickups.
Three platform technologies have significantly increased the strength of the company’s products, and differentiated competitive strategies have provided a solid basis for a substantial increase in the volume of products. We expect that the net return profits of the company in 2021-2023 will be a commitment of my own and that the present report will be presented independently and objectively with a diligent approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Joined the Investment Research Department of the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.