72% growth; net return to mother 3.5 billion yuan, with an increase of 208% at the same time. Q2 sales were optimized and profitability increased. 30.8 billion won in 2021q2 battalion, a 31% increase in the same year, a slight decline in the ring and a major decline in the ring.
The reason for this is the two-quarter lack of core, and the company's single-quarter sales ring ratio is down. The average cost of q2 bicycles is 111,000 yuan, an increase of 16%. The net profit of 2021q2 is 1.9 billion yuan, an increase of 15% in the ring.
The recovery of the terminal discounts was 17.4% for the 2021q2 company and 2.3 percentage points for the ring, with the company making a profit of 0.7 million dollars for the bicycle and 37% for the ring. We expect that the impact of the missing core will gradually be mitigated in the third quarter, and that the sales of the company will continue to rise.
The Great Wall cars have been active in promoting corporate change since the beginning of organizational change, with technology, marketing, and product upgrading on a full scale. In the second half of 2021, the company continued to market a large number of heavy-pound products, and wey brands.
Face upgrades, high-end intelligent positioning of motorcades, machitos, lattes, etc., while companies will have multiple Wey brands on the market in the next few years and, in terms of class, will complete company shortboards in the areas of cars, mpv, etc.
In the second half of the year, Huff's brands will show up to 6s, xdog,
New vehicles are being placed at a slower pace than expected; new energy operations are not taking on as many risks as expected.
2. July sales meet expectations, missing core effects still exist, 3.5 sales increase on an equal basis, new energy short-term pressure on new energy and automobile research groups: coverage of the electricity and automobile industries
Som Weizheng: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in finance and economics from Shanghai University, covering passenger cars, commercial cars, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Not Ida: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, USA, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.