Wall car (601633): The chip shortage, short-term sales, the new cycle continues.
The company is a global-famous suv manufacturing company, which has advanced companies based on the idea that “the shortage of chips affects the company’s production and sales in August, but the end demand is doing better.
The industry culture and management team has created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality in the country's automobile industry, the impact of the new crown epidemic in South-East Asia, and a sharp supply of spare parts such as Bo Sesp.
According to the company’s public information, its end demand is high, with orders from Haf, Wey, Ola, tanks, and the Great Wall’s pickups constantly growing. In response to the shortage of chips, the company is now looking at major issues for the next three to six months:
A variety of measures have been taken to respond positively, including active global procurement of chips, acceleration of chip industry layouts, enhancement of institutional capacity-building in the chip area.
The new car-rich company's product matrix continues to grow. The company's new platform now has more than six cars on the market, of which Huff Dogs accumulate 57,206 in January-August, tanks 300 in January, tanks 44,551 in August, and cats 18,461 in Europe. The company's new car cycle is progressing well, with 12 new ones.
The 2021-cent bus show, which will soon be on the market, will include the Huff flagship suv-hafer, with a lemon dht-mixed system of WeyMachito, and tanks 400, tanks 500, Euratom, gt-muran, Eura Ballet, etc., will further enrich the corporate product matrix. We believe that the new platform will be enriched by the new platform.
The new models are more productive, and the end-consumers have a higher degree of recognition of the company’s new product, looking at the growth in sales as the production end chip problem eases. The overseas layout continues to grow, and the global system improves.
In the context of continued high demand from overseas, the company called on the 2021 Overseas Dealers Congress on 9 August to define the concept of continuous change and global strategic planning and to propose a strategic plan.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company’s new vehicle model has high end recognition and demand from overseas markets is growing rapidly. We believe that the company’s new car cycle is moving steadily, thanks to changes in the corporate bottom structure.
And many years of new energy and hybrid technology. The company is expected to return to its mother in 2021-2023.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Lee Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.