The new cycle of cars keeps going, the Great Wall Cars is a world-famous suv manufacturing company that holds the line, "Every one."
The decline in corporate sales is mainly due to a shortage of chips, and the new car market is looking forward to it in the second half of the year. The company's business concept, with its advanced corporate culture and management team, has created a unique business.
And the management model, operating quality in the country’s automobile industry, still wins the entire car market for company sales, and the ring drop is largely influenced by a chip shortage. The new platform now has more than six cars on the market, of which Harvard Big Dogs sold 7,299 in July, and wey mocha sales.
Highlights for the next 3-6 months: 3,018 units, 300 tanks for sale, 5,470 units. The next half-year-old vehicle is the Huff flagship suv-Hover, the Beast, the WeyMachito and Wey latte with the lemon dht hybrid system, and the tank 600.
Debt relief and cross-share presentations: O'Lalla, Lightning, Punk, etc. will further enrich the corporate product matrix. We believe that the new vehicle model that the new platform has has has has a stronger product power, and the end-user has a higher level of recognition of the company's new product.
According to the Public Prosecutor’s Network, the Great Wall’s entire vehicle production base came into operation on July 29, with 600 tanks.
The tank brand became independent in the first half of the year, with a major hit of 10,000, and was recognized by consumers with high-quality products, innovative marketing models, and a full range of ecological services. Tank 600, a second-stage tank brand, was driven by 3.0t+9at power, and was positioned on a commercial basis.
We think, with the release of productive capacity, it will be an important contribution to the performance of the public department.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies have high end recognition of new models, and sales of new platforms are increasing. We believe that the firm’s new cycle is moving steadily, thanks to changes in the corporate bottom structure and years of new energy and hybrid technology deposits. The company’s net profits are projected for 2021-2023, respectively.
The Great Wall Car (601633): A steady increase in sales, a new cycle of growth, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall car (601633): steady growth in sales and the new cycle of cars continues to advance.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.