The Great Wall Motors is a world-famous suv manufacturing company that holds the words "everything."
The business concept of "a little progress" with an advanced corporate culture and management team has created a unique business, a new platform for car-making that is becoming more profitable and more profitable. The company points out that it has become a mother during the reporting period.
The main reason for the increase in profits over time in the country’s automobile industry is the increase in sales and the increase in Māori. In our view, the company launched the Lemon platform in June 2020, and the platform-made car could achieve efficiency gains.
The sale of nearly 600,000 new vehicles, an increase of 56.5% over the same year, has made a big run over the entire car market, leading to a larger impact on the size of the company’s platform. The brand-new model under the new platform in June 2021 contributed nearly 50% to the company’s sales, and the continued upturn in the future will further improve its performance.
The brand matrix is new, and the structure of the product will be further optimized. According to our calculations, the company's 2021h1 bicycles are sold at a price of 11.8% more than in the same period last year.
Doo is the first vehicle to carry a lemon dht hybrid system, which is expected to be an effective increase in corporate sales; Tank brand is smart enough to cross the border, and the tanks under the flag 300 are more competitive at the end price: Ora brand is constantly refining the product matrix and moving the brand upwards.
Institutional change and technological innovation build companies’ long-term core competitiveness. The company’s transformation of the bottom structure in 2020, which was conducive to an increase in its operational efficiency, laid the foundation for the effective exploitation of market demand.
We see the far-reaching effects of changes in the bottom structure of the company, and the long-term core competitiveness built up by technology. The net profits of the company are expected to be 2021-2023, respectively.
Research assistant: Jang Chi Yung, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Great Wall Car (601633): product structure optimized and new platforms became effective.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Motors (601633): optimized product structure, new platform effecting LEE Jinchang Nankai University Master of Management, multi-year experience in auto and spare parts research, 2009-present at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities,
Research Assistant Introduction Bachelor of Arts, University of Xian Transport, University of Gangan, and Master of Finance, East Hing Securities, 2019, in Automotive Studies.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.