Performance meets expectations, advanced capacity expansion consolidates a leading advantage \triangleright advanced capacity expansion, with a strong advantage in size.
\triangleright is the world’s largest market, moving fast to high-power and efficient g12 products with the end-use market to accelerate the release of the company’s yield. Silicon chain, 50gw(g12) solar-grade monosilicon material project
The silicon link, where the company produces 25gw/30gw high-efficiency solar super thin silicon single chip projects.
The second phase is under construction. Batteries link, 2gw automating Jiangsu, smart lead g12 battery s010521100006.
The project has been completed; the 25gw Battery Plant in Guangzhou has accelerated the construction of the company ' s g12 large-scale technology advantage, which is being introduced into the n-topcon battery manufacturing process, and which is leading to the consolidation of the advantages, further upgrading of the g12 advanced production capacity supply capacity, taking full advantage of the size, cost and market advantage of the company ' s g12 strategic products.
Kwok Yingzheng insisted on technological progress to upgrade the industry and strengthen its core competitiveness. The company insisted on high R & D inputs to build barriers to its advantages, promote the deep integration of the G12 technology platform with the industry ' s 4.0 production line, and improve its productivity and productivity.
The silicon chain, which is continuously well structured with the material, reduces the consumption of silicon per unit product, and breaks through the single-cooked monthly production.
The process of schizophrenicization is improving, raising the aa rate, leading the industry with the kilograms of silicon thickness, forming a solid competition for research assistant Lin Quixiang, based on a coordinated domestic layout and a globalization strategy.
\triangleright has an excellent regional position, a stable energy supply, a significant scale effect, a manufacturing model, intensive management, and resource allocation for effective support companies in industry of 4.0.
A list of cooperation provisions was signed by the industriescompany to establish a joint venture and to invest in the project to build a photovolatile crystallized chip factory in Saudi Arabia at Al-Arab to build the first Saudi luminous ring (002129.sz) in 2022, which has the advantage of global leading technology:
Voltage chains, contributing to its energy transformation and taking an important step forward in corporate globalization strategies; and achieving synergies with the Maceon Department on global production and channels, fully utilizing the advantages of the ibc battery-assembly of the maxeon, the technological innovation of the tile assembly, a well-developed global supply chain system, high brand recognition, etc.
Assessment: Performance exceeded expectations, “g12+Cluster” created a combination of the Division's manufacturing culture that effectively enhanced the corporate competitive advantage of corporate globalization as a whole.
The acceleration of the expansion of production capacity and the prospect of a sustained increase in corporate-market ownership and profitability are expected to maintain a “recommended” rating. For the purposes of dhowing to oars, the silicon carrier will use the wind wave to draw conclusions from the methodology and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.