Silicon films are profitable and the global layout continues to lead the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
At the end of June, the company's silicon output was raised to 165gw, and is expected to rise to 180gw in late 23 years. In terms of slices, Tianjin Dw 3 issues 25gw and Eixin Dw 4 rounds 30gw, the company's slicing capacity was increased accordingly, to close the gap between zila crystal and slice ends.
In terms of revenue, the price of silicon and silicon tablets declined rapidly in the second quarter, and 23h1 companies received $26,966 million, an increase of 10.22% over the same period. During the reporting period, companies continued to promote the efficiency and cost of silicon use through technological innovations and process improvements, the cost of opening stoves, and the cost of silicon use.
Research and development in unit output, with cost and manufacturing leading advantages highlighted, continues to be more profitable than industry. 23h1 company has a 24.88% rate of gross silicone, an increase of 6.44 pp from the previous year.
Signing a cooperation clause to co-establish a joint venture to build a silicon project in Saudi Arabia to build the Saudi 1st domestic photovoltaic industry chain. The equity subsidiary, Maceon, plans to invest $1 billion in the construction of a photovoltaic cell assembly plant in the United States, which is expected to produce 3gw per year.
The property rights and innovative advantages of the tiles, through technology and resource sharing, are mutually reinforcing and synergistic development of production and channels in the global context between the company and Maceon. As the capacity of the battery components expands, especially the input and improvement of the battery production capacity, such as the Topcon, the product matrix of the components will be enriched and globalized.
The fall in the cost rate during the Division is due to continued organizational excellence and decline, which have been at a lower rate in recent years. • Profit forecasting and investment advice: companies are leading the big-scale silicone industry, with high-quality rock and gold shortages in 2023
In this context, the company is well-supplied, and silicon quality and profitability are expected to continue to lead the industry. We expect the company to have a 24.8% net profit in the next three years, with a “buy-in” rating of 24.8%.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.