Through the cycle, production capacity is advanced, leading; new dynamism, layout n battery capacity, steady growth in performance and continuous enhancement of core competitiveness 30/08/2023
13.74% of the company ' s performance was mainly due to high demand in the photovoltaic sector, with companies leading the production-capacitation market during the downward cycle of prices in the industrial chain, and the emergence of technological and manufacturing-capacity advantages, along with sustained improvement in operational management capacity, guaranteeing a rapid upturn in demand in the market for large silicon-sized silicon-sizes and a gradual upturn in silicon prices.
The conversion trends in the photovoltaic sector are determined, based on cpia data, and the share of the city with silicon n will rise from less than 10% in 2022 to around 25% in 2023, with the national production of silicon projected at 535.5gw in 2023 (about + 50% by the same year), corresponding to the production of silicon n above 130gw. Large silicon silicon can be spread over the unit cost of batteries and components.
High PV conversion efficiency, reduced power consumption and optimized product bos costs. 182 mm + 210 mm of large silicon tablets, which grew rapidly from 45% in 2021 to about 93% in 2023, has become the dominant market, of which 210 mm silicon, according to infolink data, continues the upward trend in the price of single crystal silicon silicon tablets this week, p/n 182 mm of silicon.
Cost side supports the price of silicon tablets, downstream N battery capacity is expected to continue to be released, large N-size silicon supply remains tight, balanced, and silicon profitability improves. n silicon city is the leading global market, with significant advantages in scale
According to cpia, the national production of silicon was 357gw in 2022, with 19% of the company ' s domestic market and 165gw in 2023. The sales of silicon by 2023h1 were above 56% on a year-on-year basis, and the market for silicon was the highest in the world. The demand for large-sized n silicon market continued to rise, with the company ' s global market for n products.
With the release of Ningxia medium-ring project 50gw(g12), Tianjin and Ie-Hing dw three 25gw silicon tablets, dw four 30gw silicon project, production and technology upgrades successively, g12 fm silicon production capacity and city occupancy continuously increased, with more scale effects, and crystal production is expected to reach 180gw by the end of 2023.
Keeping the world's monocrystal size at the top. Advanced production power continues to be released, and Saudi industrial chains are deployed.
The company combines g12 large silicon tablets with n-type production capabilities with industrial advantage of 4.0, moving down the chain price cycle, silicon silicon silicon silicon, power totcon relays 2025, conservative half-power, continuously optimizes the product structure, upgrades the share of advanced production, secures the supply of quartz and sand and further reduces it.
Efficiency gains can better cope with the cyclical pressure of the industrial chain and safeguard the profitability of companies. Companies maintain good synergies with downstream customers by providing a personalized solution for Type N products to meet differentiated needs, raising the product class to over 800.
The company's silicon production capacity, with a viewindustries company, formed a joint venture and set up a middle ring of 002129tcl in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia - unbreakable, on the basis of cost advantages - to break the price.
Bur has invested in a project to build a optical crystallized chip factory, which combines the other’s indigenous experience with technological leadership and advanced manufacturing capabilities in the field of photovoltaics, and is dedicated to building Saudi’s first photovoltaic industrial chain with global technological advantages. The company’s joint project with vi is scheduled to start in the fourth quarter of this year, and it is hoped that in the future it will be able to supply more than Saudi Arabia.
The earth market, which is more radiative to the European and North American markets, is helping the company to globalize. The construction of the n-type battery capacity, the g12+ tile assembly, represents a differential advantage.
The Battery Industry 4.0 Smart Plant Project, which combines the company’s technological advantages and accumulation in the silicon sector, continues to drive the industrial development of the company’s power cell technology. By the end of 2022, the company had 12gw components and was expected to reach 30gw in 2023, so that the layout battery project would help to safeguard the company’s future supply of batteries and enhance the synergy of the industrial chain.
Companies have stored and continue to develop autonomously a number of core N-type battery technologies, such as the "Scaffle Battery plating technology" , cut-offs, and a practical new patent 84 project. Companies in the component sector are determined to develop a differentiated product route of “g12+Scaffle” to leverage their own industrial capabilities, combine the performance advantages of the N-type battery, and further reduce the combined costs and increase profitability.
Investment proposals and profit projections: company sales of silicon are first in the market and are industry leaders in N+Silica; active layout of N battery capacity, which helps companies to form an industrial chain, using silicon advanced production capacity and components; new technologies to replace silicon products; failure to deliver as expected; trade protectionism to industry as a whole
Figure 2 Corporate net profits attributable to the mother (millions) for the calendar year, Figure 3 Company income earned in the single quarter (millions) Figure 4 Company net profits earned in the single quarter (millions)
Figure 5 Māori rates and net interest rates for companies
Figure 8 Breakdown of R & D costs for the calendar year (millions) - 150 m210n - 110 m210n
-182n 150 m -182n 130 m -182n 110 mm
Figure 10 Company output and market share (gw) Figure 11 Silicon acceleration towards large sizes Figure 12n Silicon Silicon thinner trend (μm)
Figure 13n Silicon City Rapid Increase Figure 14n Batteries City Sustained Increase Figure 15 Silicon Prices by Type (millions per ton)
Figure 16 Average price of silicon silicon by size (metas/filaments) Industry, steel, etc., has conducted in-depth research on technology and cycles, continued in-depth research in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation, and has established a framework for research on “China's manufacturing investment cycle.” The team has focused on areas such as photovoltaics, hydrogen, wind power, lithium power, storage energy, etc., and has devoted limited energy to serving more primary and secondary markets where the country's needs are met, the industry thrives, and the people have faith in them.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.