The non-financial company stocktaking report shows a historically high rate of weakening relative spreads in the fourth quarter of 2024, and an overall improvement in water over the whole of 2024, but a significant decline in the fourth quarter. According to the company ' s electricity-generation announcement, the company was in the country in 2024.
The total electricity generated by the six power stations was approximately 2959.04 million kWh, an increase of 7.11 per cent over the same period in the previous year. Of this, the total electricity generated in the fourth quarter was about 60.9 billion kWh, a decrease of 17.60 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
The volume of electricity generated by the streams, dams, tri-gorges and Gorges changed by 3.79 per cent, -6.02 per cent, -12.26 per cent, -13.57 per cent, Zou Pei-Chung - 36.47 per cent and -24.51 per cent respectively, with the four upstream power stations with higher electricity prices significantly lower than those of the tri-gorges and Gueco.
The dam, which is expected to be associated with the natural water flow structure and the distribution of the company’s water flow between the different power stations, is expected to continue to contribute to the growth dynamic. After asset injections have been completed, the financial cost falls and the return on investment increases by hundreds of millions of dollars.
The denominator remains a determining factor in the performance of the company’s share price, and the spread of equity is expected to shrink one step further in the context of credit spreads. We split the implicit equity discount rate of the company’s dcf model into three parts, one risk-free rate of return and the other credit debt.
The difference between the rate of return and the risk-free rate of return (i.e., the 10-year aa-class reduction in the rate of return on public debt) and the interest discount rate is the difference between the rate of return on credit debt. The three-point approach is more advantageous than the two-point approach, and hydropower can be considered as a non-resolved amount of super-permanent credit debt, with properties closer to the credit debt rather than the state debt.
The first spread is pure opportunity costs, the second is the opportunity cost of credit debt risk, and the third is the opportunity cost of debt-type assets. In terms of actual stock price performance, especially since 2023, credit spreads have interpreted the volatility of Yangtze electricity stock prices more strongly, and the rate of return on public debt has provided more upward energy for the stock price as a whole.
The current market environment is not the same as it was today, with the first two spreads continuing to be less innovative, and the third spread is historically high in proportional terms, with very narrow spaces. The essence is a stable spread of profitable assets, ranging from state debt to credit to equity in debt-like assets, ultimately leading to debt equity and real equity.
So, in the current environment, we believe that the future stock price increase in Yangtze power does not depend entirely on a further decline in the rate of return on the country’s debt, but rather that the latter two spreads are expected to be scaled down in a step-by-step manner as long as they remain low.
Catalysing the market environment, the market has re-evaluated its performance stability, the value of cash flow and the business model behind it. We believe that the current revaluation is not over, continues to value the company in the long term and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.