Short-term fluctuations in performance and no change in long-term configuration values: fast-track assessment of the 2024 performance of Yangtze power, 21 January 2025
7.75 per cent increase; net return to the mother $32,522 million ($32,539 million deductions from the non-mother ' s net profit) and 24q4 sharp reversals, which disturb the company ' s performance in the short term: 2024, Utund Water pottery
The total number of reservoirs is about 112,369 million cubic metres, which is 9.19 per cent more than the same period in the previous year; the total number of three gorge reservoirs coming is about 374,095 million cubic metres, which is 9.11 per cent more than the same period in the previous year; and the number of water-abundance drivers coming to Liang Yunan in 2024
At the end of the 24th year, the water level of the three gorges was higher than in the same period last year, with 25q1 generating power or expected to be: in 2024, as a result of the drying up of the three gorge reservoirs, the water level reached only 168.13m, with 77% of the corresponding water level. 24q4, the flow of the three gorges to the reservoirs decreased by 35.28% in the same year, and the corresponding power generation decreased by 35.28% in the same year.
36.47 per cent. By the end of 24 years, however, the level of the three gorge reservoir was 168.09m, which was better than the same level last year (167.25m); we counted a similar increase in the flow of the three gorges from 1 January to 20 January 2025.
Limited: out of the six ladder stations owned by the company, the three gorges, the Goji dam were not part of the market, the brooks, the dams were part of the market, and Utund and the crane beaches were part of the market. Overall, in 2023, only 37.76 per cent of the electricity traded by the company was traded, which was relatively limited, taking into account the company's power outflow.
The impact of lower market prices in individual provinces, such as Guangdong and Jiangsu, on the company’s combined electricity prices is expected to be more limited. The ten-year rate of return on public debt continues to drive a wide spread, and the value of the company’s configuration is highlighted: 2024.
For example, the difference between the company’s rate of dividends in 2020-2024 and the ten-year rate of return on public debt was calculated on average, for the first time in 14 years since the meeting of the Central Political Bureau on 9 December of that year, to re-emphasize modest monetary policy, and we believe that the company’s value is expected to be further revalued in the future in a low-interest-rate environment.
1. [Galaxy Environments for Public Use] Company evaluates the Yangtze Power: coming to water abundance, driving the growth of the main industry and a steady return on investment. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Downstream research. Used to work on civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.