On the evening of 2 July, Huanko published data on the sale of new projects in June 2020 and the recent addition of new projects. In June, the company added 15 new development projects, with no additional logistics property projects.
In June, sales grew rapidly, with the average sales price rising by almost 8 per cent over the same period: the company had a contract area of 100 million yuan in June, a 19.7 per cent increase in the ring, and a 10.5 per cent increase in the same year. According to Creary, the sales volume of head houses grew rapidly in June, with Bézione Park, Heng Da, and Vanco alone exceeding 70 billion yuan a month.
1. "Recovering $39 billion, which is expected to trigger new sales, with a full caliber capacity of 2.15 million square metres and a 22.9 per cent ring increase, we calculate the company ' s June full-manufacturing research development business " .
With 18.24 billion won in calibres, the ring grew by 10.5 per cent.2 Because the decision-making process continues to be somewhat slow, we expect to see a month-by-month increase in the capacity of Vanko in the second half of the year. 30,000 cases of credit transfer, 50 per cent of the package, and the recovery of about $39 billion will provide a powerful boost to the scale of Vanko's access.
The possibility of the industrial inventory upgrading cycle superimposed on the 10,000-cent back-scale route: several priority cities have seen their housing prices rise since May, and housing companies are approaching the stock improvement cycle. 2 More information on the release of signals such as financial support from the build-up and transfer of the broad-based asset packs, combined with a gradual increase in land in May and June.
The Section will revert to the judgement of the growth path of scale.1 The stock price push for the inventory quality enhancement cycle is continuing, and we believe that the increase in real estate stock in the second half of the year can be sustained.2 We believe that Vanko is now moving towards a virtuous cycle of sales and land acquisition.
The build-up of earlier Vanko's transfer of the broad-based asset packages makes it possible to judge that Huanko will start a new phase of expansion in a standard way in the second half of the year.3 We maintain a profit forecast for companies, reiterate the “buy-in” rating and maintain that house price increases are weaker than expected; that land prices rise faster than expected; and that Vanko is less intense than expected.
Figure 1: January-June 2020 sales, Figure 2: January-June 2020, January-June 2020, Situation of January-June 2020, Analysis of Report Rating Ratios in the Market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment