On the evening of 27 August, the Centre for Resources and Environmental Research released the mid-term 2020 performance of Huanko, which achieved business income of 146.35 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 5.1 per cent in the same year and a net equity profit of 12.51 billion yuan, an increase of 5.6 per cent in the same year.
The first half of the year saw a smooth settlement, a decline in operating profit rates, a slight decline in net interest rates, a generally flat net equity interest rate, and a more robust equity target, which was in line with expectations: a 5.1 per cent growth in operating income over the year; a 5.6 per cent increase in net profit over the same year; and a six-month increase in the impact of the new crown epidemic on delivery, which enabled Huanko to continue to be able to do so for six months.
The mid-digit settlement growth at the time node is in line with our expectations. The 20,000-degree business profit margin is a 24.14 per cent turnover rate of 2020h1, net of the land value added tax, down from the same period last year. 3.92 pcts, which means that the company has started to settle the lower Māori value. However, after three costs,
1. Sales and Geo-Synchronous Uplifting -- Vanko Operations in June) and a cushion for income tax; net interest rates have decreased by only 1.11 pcts compared to the same period last year. Considering that the share of interest in the 2020 settlement was higher than in the same period in 2019, the share of interest in 2020h1 was therefore higher than in 2019.
The Recovering Fund of 39 billion, which is expected to leverage new sales, net interest rates are almost equal to or even slightly higher than 209h1. 3 During the new crown epidemic, companies were cautious and aggressive, thus making their debt indicators more robust.
Active sales in the first half of the year, with a marked increase in the share of the market, are expected to be positive in the second half of the year: 10 000 in the first half of the year.
At the end of the year, 0.8 pcts were raised. 2 in the first half of the year, Huanko acquired 55 new projects. In July, the speed of the project was increased by 29 new projects, and in July the intensity of the project was significantly increased. 3 Considering that the debt target of 10,000 was excellent and there was a willingness to expand, we thought that the pace of the second half of the year would be positive.
To date, the “property city” has been expanded to seven cities. The value of the “property city” is well known.
More detailed disclosures of holdings and greater transparency in corporate trust: revenues from rental of residential operations in the first half of the year amounted to $1.05 billion, rents from malls (including printing power) of $3.05 billion and rentals for warehousing logistics of $830 million; above, rental data were first disclosed by Huanko, expressing its willingness to increase transparency in the disclosure of holdings.
Housing price increases are weaker than expected; financing regulations are stronger than expected; and the intensity of Vankna is lower than expected.As a result of the analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, the final rating is calculated on average and used as an average investment in the market.