Corporate Review Study  Real Estate Industry 29/08/2020 Homeowners performed well and diversified their business.
Billion dollars, 5 per cent more than the same year; the company realizes a net profit of 12.51 billion won on shareholders in listed companies, Wang Qiu Yi.
(i) 20h1 battalion harvests and performances have increased by the same margin, profit margins have declined, the amount of undisclosed resources sold has been enriched, performance has been better targeted percentage points, and the principle of cash is widely upheld within the company, with surplus food in hand, and future policies as well
(iii) The excellent performance of the 10,000-degree property industry, which will accelerate the expansion of the 2020h1, 680 million square metres of contract area and 520 million square metres of piped area; during the period, 53 million square metres were newly contracted, of which 39 million square metres were newly contracted for residential services and non-residential housing
During the reporting period, the Vankot industry achieved an operating income of $6.7 billion, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same period, 55 per cent of which came from projects other than the Vanko. The Vankot industry’s development strategy was upgraded from a residential commercial “two-wing” to a “troika” and accelerated the development of a “property city” business.
New projects have been introduced, such as the Qingjia and the Qingjia town, and the “Property City” business has now been expanded to seven cities. The future of the business will accelerate its expansion, which will help to raise corporate valuations. (iv) Long-term rental apartments, commercial properties, and logistical properties will continue to operate at a steady pace.
With regard to rental housing, as of 20h1, the group had a cumulative total of 127,000 open apartments in 33 cities, 189,000 new ones were opened during the reporting period, with an overall rental rate of 88% for the start-up project and maturity period.
The rental rate for six months and more is 93.7%. In the first half of the year, $1.05 billion was spent on leasing operations. On the commercial development and operational side, the group (including the print group) accumulated 8.36 million square metres of business start-up, an increase of 11% over the same period. Of this amount, a new shopping centre and four community businesses were opened during the reporting period. In the first half of the 20 years, commercial operations received $3.05 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent;
With respect to logistics warehousing services, as of 20h1, the cumulative opening of logistics warehousing services was 6.16 million, of which the high bid and the cold were 37 per cent more than the same year, with the high bid and cold bank revenues accounting for 69 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively.
Huanko’s diversified business performance is impressive, the real estate sector is strong, the new business is growing well, and the industry’s labels are 1.7 times higher than the market net. We continue to maintain the “recommended” rating of Vankoa.
Figure 1: Business income and year-on-year growth in Vankoa, Figure 3: Changes in calendar years in Vankoaroe and Roa, Figure 4: Māori rates, rates of 3 and net interest rates on sales in Vankoa
Figure 5: Ratio of assets and liabilities and total asset turnover in Vankoa