Real estate development and services High degree of certainty in real estate development, multiplicity of business synergies strongly recommended (maintenance)
The company released its mid-term performance report for 2020. H1 achieved turnover of $14.350 billion in 2020, i.e. +5.0 per cent in the same year; Māori $10.250 billion, i.e. +16.8 per cent in the same year; and net return of $12.51 billion, i.e. solid growth in the same year and better performance locking. 2020h1 achieved turnover of $14.350 billion, i.e., + 16.8 per cent in the same year.
+5.0 per cent; the company ' s gross Māori is RMB 10.25 billion, 16.8 per cent of the year, of which a cautious investment attitude is maintained in the boom of real estate development and related capital years, with a total of 9.802 million m2, representing 47.2 per cent of sales in the first half of the year, and a net liability rate of 27.0 per cent and 8.0 per cent below the same year.
Multi-dimensional operations have been developed, and the impact of prior-period investments has gradually become apparent. 2020h1, corporate real-estate operations and presentation 1, Huankoa00002.sz: Basic facilities are stable, 33 cities are built, with a cumulative total of 127,000 openings and a rental rate for mature projects of more than six months ' duration.
The multi-faceted moat is now in place, with a contribution of $1.05 billion in rent revenue at 93.7 per cent; the accumulated business area of 8.36 million m2, total 2, Huanko 00002.sz: “High turnover”
90.6 per cent rental rate; in logistics warehousing operations, the high bid bank is operating 5.82 million m2, the cold bank is operating 340,000, the Vankoa0002.sz: slightly ahead of schedule The early business experience has accumulated or brought about new changes in historical opportunities. 1) Companies maintain a long-term cooperative relationship with the Government.
In cooperation with the Bot, bt, epc, ppp, second-tier connection, etc.; 2020h1, the company invested in joint ventures with the shareholders Deep Iron Group and will continue to work on the old transformation, tod, etc. development models: 2) the company's property, commerce, rental housing, etc. from the last round of small-scale real estate cycles
Multi-operational co-development will provide companies with innovative financing models, such as project expansion, project operation, financing channels, etc. Actively pursue innovative financing models and maintain robust financial indicators. 1) 2020h1, Printed Development Imaging 2 cmbs, $3.37 billion, 3.8% coupons and interest rates on cmbs products.
The history is newly low, with the continued strength of the Vankotian Pineflower Lake, Imaging 1, Longganko Square in innovative ways of financing; the Vanko Logistics Equity Reits successfully marketed, effectively drawing on Penghua's ex-Havankoreits financing experience.) 2020h1, the net liability of companies is 27.0 per cent, and the net liability of companies is 27.0 per cent.
Investment proposals: Since its inception, companies have been actively involved in the early layout and co-development of multiple business models, building, operating, managing, financing, etc. have accumulated a wealth of experience and have gradually developed operational synergies.
Unsold projects will be released as the company completes its work in the second half of the year and future pace adjustments; in other diversified operations, the preference of real-estate customers for a gradual shift in the market and the company ' s prior investment effectiveness is shown in figure 1: Three indicators for the top 50 housing enterprises and access to the red line
Short-term cash debt ratio is “currency funds”/short-term borrowings + non-current liabilities due 1 year + short-term bonds payable.” Figure 3: Māori (millions of dollars) and growth rate for the last five years
Figure 5: The share of roe (%) for the last five years has been compiled in this report by Creary Securities Co. Ltd. (“Creary”). Creary and its subsidiaries, parent and/or affiliated companies have the following relationships with the above-mentioned researched companies and their subsidiaries and/or associated public divisions:
The company and its subsidiaries, parent and affiliated companies have a normal business and/or equity relationship with the companies mentioned in the report and/or their subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, have no financial interest in the targeted company, must comply with the policy and procedure and have a reporting line from the management independent of the business in Cres.
Establish information-segregation procedures (chinesewall) between the different lines of business in Crenet to ensure that any confidential and/or price-sensitive information is properly handled.