The industry, which has grown over three decades, has become a leader in the country. The first six months of operations and performance have been rated as follows:
In 2018, the company upgraded its position to one of the three most dynamic economic circles in the country’s economy and to one of the key cities in the central and western parts of the world.
In the first half of the year, the company had only completed 10,745,000 square metres of construction, accounting for 32.4 per cent of the ecological completion plan set up by “urban and rural construction and life service providers” (compared to 34.5 per cent in the same period last year). By mid-2020, the company's schedule had been sold.
The system is already in its infancy and, based on the consolidation of the advantages inherent in residential development and property services, operations have been extended to commercial start-up with sufficient resources to ensure a year-round increase in income.
In the areas of development and operation, logistics warehousing services, rental of dwellings, industrial towns, ice and snow holidays, old-age pensions, education, etc., the net profitability of maternity was slightly lower than in 2019 by a decline in the Māori rate and an increase in the share of gains and losses of minority shareholders.
We expect a slight improvement in the company’s Māori ratio by the end of the year. Billion dollars, down 4.0% from the same year, are still below the national decline in the sale of merchandise houses, the firm’s share of the stock has risen against the city, and the country’s top position is highlighted.
In the first half of the year, the average land price was slightly lower than in the same period last year, and the company’s investments were positive in the second half of the year. In the face of the hot land market in the first half of the year, the company exercised caution and restraint, with a cumulative increase of 9.802 million square metres in the first half of the year, with an average floor price of 6367.4 yuan per square metre, down 7.8% from the previous year.
The Division used collaborative leverage to reduce investment risk, reducing the land equity ratio to 51.5%, the lowest level in 2015. The company disposed of the wide letter asset package in the first half of the year and recovered a total of $39.04 billion, while the company was well-funded, short-debted, and we took care of the land market window for the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company was building and planning a total of 15.796 million flats, and in the last four years more than 70% of the new land has been in two-line cities, with high-quality soil storage.
The net debt ratio of the company for the first half of the year has improved further, from 6.9 to 27.0 per cent at the end of 2019.
Three bonds with a “3+2” maturity fell from the nominal interest rate on corporate debt in 2019, and the credit of the majority of the public sector was further recognized by the capital market. In non-housing operations, the company had cumulatively contracted 680 million square metres of construction by the end of the last half of the year, contributing 6.7 billion yuan, an increase of 26.8%, in long rental apartments, by the end of the previous half-month.
At the end of the first half of the year, a total of 127,000 were opened in 33 cities, 189,000 were opened in the first half of the year, with an overall rental rate of 88 per cent, and 577 thousand are still planned and to be built. Companies are exploring the use of collective land for the development of models for operating long-lease apartments, building the community of the Manuji Temple, the first collective land rental project in Beijing, which was met within seven days before the first 235.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the “money-landers” three advantages continue to exist, looking at firm and balanced growth over the long term. The three advantages of the “money-landers” are: operational advantages, using high liquidity to improve financial efficiency: securing land on the second line of urbanization and its surrounding cities; and incentives, with the advantage of the business partnership system evident. In non-house operations, companies are expected to work with their own managerial advantages and further explore other industries, such as pipelines, long rents, commerce, etc.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Vankoa (00002).
I've been in the banking industry for years, and I've been in the gold, sea and skywind banking industry.
The research assistant gives an overview of Cao Cao's own research views.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Vankoa (00002): Sales represent a preponderant advantage, and the leverage-structured industry does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.