Giant shares (600160.sh) were introduced, and a draft quota of hfcs was introduced, and the refrigerant industry was opened for a long time.
Incident: On 21 September, the Ministry of Eco-Environment released the " Total HFC Quota Establishment and Distribution Programme for 2024 " (advised draft), general conclusions and recommendations on production and use of HFC controlled uses for 2024: refrigerant quotas have passed, industry will return to reasonable terms and expected profitability.
Refurbishment. Under the Kigali Amendment, the global HFC refrigerant quota will continue to tighten, and the industry is expected to move into a long-term landscape. The company, as a domestic refrigerant leader, will lead the three-generation refrigerant production and benefit fully from the reversion process.
Refrigerant quota programming, limited in volume and variety: the draft comments established baseline values for domestic production and use of hfcs in CO2, with a baseline value for domestic production of hfcs in 2024 of 1,852 million tonnes (baseline value for production = average production of hfcs in 2020-2022 + 65% hcfcs baseline
); use of baseline values of 904 million tonnes (using baseline value = production quota for internal use + import quota). hfcs are three-generation refrigerants and hcfcs are second-generation refrigerants. At the end of production, the hfcs quota will be issued according to the type of product and 65% of the hcfcs quota will not be fully distributed; production units may apply for 2024 quotas only
The distribution of the comments is largely in line with the pre-quota base period, where the refrigerant industry is in a position to expand its production in order to compete for refrigerant quotas.
In the low valley, with the quota formula in place, the refrigerant supply end pattern is largely fixed, industry concentration is high, and the prices of fluorinated products will increase resiliently. Refrigerant price hikes are expected to kick-start: refrigerant prices have been up since August,9
The average monthly refrigerant r22 was $19,750/ton (mom+3%, yoy+13%), the average refrigerant r32 was $14,647/ton (mom+4%, yoy+17%), r134a was $24573/ton (mom+15%, yoy-1%) and r125 was $23294/ton (mom+8%, yoy-35%).
As the domestic economy recovers further, watch downstream air conditioners, refrigerators, and car demand continue to boost refrigerant use. According to the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer, second- and third-generation refrigerant quotas will continue to contract, with a two-generation system for controlled uses in 2025.
Refrigerant production is leading and fully benefiting: the company is a leading domestic fluorinated industry, with its main products including refrigerants and fluorinated raw materials, basic chemical products, etc. The company is the only country with tons, the country's second largest; the three-generation fluorinated refrigerants have a total capacity of 4807 million tons and the country's first production capacity.
Of these, R32 had a capacity of 130,000 tonnes, r134a had a capacity of 90,000 tonnes, r125 tonnes, and four generations of refrigerants were produced with their own technology, currently having two main product production units and four varieties, with an annual capacity of 8,000 tonnes.
fluorinated polymers, new production and growth: companies have continued to extend their industrial chains in recent years, with high-value-added fluorinated polymers, which are currently available on the scale of Hfp, ptfe, fkm production capacity.
New environmentally friendly refrigerants and vehicle conservation products projects (phase II), 40,000 tonnes/year isopropanol, 75,000 new tonnes/year epoxy chlorpropane, etc. were completed. An additional 30,000 tonnes/year pvdf technical adaptation project (phase I) was added with 235,000 tonnes/year pvdf resin, 48,000 tonnes vdf technical expansion, synthesis
Projects such as the ammonia raw materials route, overseas plants, etc. are almost complete. The company’s new HFC rubber technology modification project was launched at the end of June, followed by a further 60,000 tonnes of Vdc single body technology extension project, 150,000 tonnes/year special polyester slices new materials, pvdc expansion projects, etc. The company continues to enhance technological innovation, and push.
The process of high-quality, high-value fluoropolymers production, which sustains the perfect industrial chain in the field of fluorinated industries, guarantees long-term growth of companies. Profit forecasts: we expect companies to achieve net profits by 2023/2024/2025, respectively
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.