The Great Wall Car Depth Report Five, the Picard King, the potential market break-up, the Pacific Motors Team.
The source, the focus + the king of differentiated achievement Picah. Global Picca: The market is wide, there's much to be gained. Domestic Picca: Breaking down policy constraints, small markets have great potential.
By using + high-end, the Great Wall cannon opens the way to the next step.
The vehicle model has evolved, leading to a high consumption of pickups, a steady growth in sales for the fourth year in a row, and a stronger advantage than the industry, a strong market dominance, and a renewed innovation in the Great Wall's artillery power city.
The product is the king's technology, the slogan wins the market, and it's a firm path, and it's been crowned king of Picard in 23 years, starting with the first Great Wall Deer in 1996, where the Wall's car has been firmly chosen as one of its main development directions, as part of the country's segmented market.
The lead sheep have always been at the forefront of the market, the bells and windmills have been well received by the market, and the latest series of “guns” is expected to open up a new wave of pickups. At the same time, deep-farming domestic markets have focused on overseas expansion, with products out of reach in Africa, the United Arab Emirates, Australia, South America, and the European Union, which have accumulated good slogans on the international market.
The pattern has evolved and led to the introduction of the first Dell in 1996 and the bell in 2001, respectively, to different levels of the market. In 2010, Vulture 5 was listed and has now developed a 5/6/7 product ladder;
2019 High-end series of "guns" are on the market to launch a new journey in internationalization of pickups. Chart: The Great Wall generations of pickups began to rebound in 2016, with the lifting of pickups as an important factor.
Since 2018, the Great Wall has grown faster than the national pickup of pickups, highlighting strong product competitiveness, with sales falling by 4.74 per cent across the country in 2019, the Wall ' s pickups growing in reverse, with annual sales increasing by 7.85 per cent.
Chart: National pickups and increases in recent years, total sales and increases in the Great Wall, 2014-2019, market dominance and re-innovation of the Wall's artillery power city.
The Great Wall’s single-month sales were normally maintained at more than 10,000 vehicles, with the city’s share stable at about 30% for a single month, and the country’s main market was firmly dominated. In the third quarter of 2019, the Great Wall’s pick-up series of “guns” was marketed, and the city’s share began to rise further, reaching 44.27% in November of that year.
The Great Wall has a monthly sales and market occupancy rate for nearly 18 months, and the product is the king's technology, winning the market.
The Great Wall car has been built with a long history, and has been a very important part of the Great Wall’s corporate strategy. Good product power has accumulated a large number of slogans, and product development has always followed China’s consumer’s preferences: product durability, low oil consumption, surface design of the atmosphere, and interior luxury comfort and configuration.
II. Global pickups: The market is wide, the market is very large, the market is at the top of the United States, and Thailand has the highest penetration rate.
The U.S. card sales have increased steadily, and its share has increased.
The United States of America’s solar system is dominated by the world’s Top Picard Ford, the largest market in the United States, with the highest penetration in Thailand, a world of over 6 million annual sales in the United States, Thailand, Australia, etc., and the biggest market in the United States, the culture of Picard.
Thailand, as a representative of South-East Asia, sold about 50% of pickups, with about one truck for every two cars sold, with the highest penetration rate. China has the largest car market, but the pickup ratio is less than 2%, and there is still much room for growth in China’s pickup market.
Figure: Selected national pickups in 2019
Picards have played a major role in the United States market, slowing up their sales since 2015, and then rebounding again in 2019. While the overall increase in market sales in the United States has accelerated, the relative share of pickups has risen in recent years, reaching an all-time high of 18.21% in 2019, and the importance of pickups in the United States automobile market is growing.
The world's first pickup, born in 1925, was designed by the research and development of a Ford-type car in the United States, named after World War II by the F-series, which is the prototype of a Ford-type bird.
As a “country on wheels”, America’s unique geo-social environment: a unique car culture, large body size, heavy load, high volume, fuel-intensive pickups are America’s favorite model, and the top three cars in the American car market are all pickups.
Mido’s pickups can be used for a lot of purposes. Moreover, their loading capacity, their ability to use them, their ability to drag, and their ability to drag them are good for the everyday life of the Americans.
The world's multi-regional pickups are popular. The US/Australia, Thailand, sells 50% of the cards, and the pickups are far more important to Thais.
It's very rare, it's an important tool for people's everyday lives, it's more than anything else, it's cheap fuel, and it's popular.
• Thailand ' s introduction of a large number of advanced foreign pickups has led to the introduction of advanced pickups, which can be synchronized with international quality through a strong sex, a strong drag capacity, a sufficient number of models to meet low-grade high-school production techniques, product concepts.
There's no limit to pickups, there's very few light trucks, there's a thicker pickup culture in mini-cars, and there's a lot of love for pickups, and it's almost gone (the high modifications in pickups meet the needs of this type of car).
• Thais like pickups, local pickups are in high demand, and use preferential policies to encourage citizens to buy and use them. In the international environment, low-tariff policies have made ASEAN, Australia, an important market for large-scale pickups in Thailand.
Chart: USA/Australia Picka Chart: Thailand Picah, United States of America solar system lead, global Top Picardfort
No.1fordf series sales in the first half of 2019: 539181 with the highest volume of vehicles in the U.S. mainland and in North America as a whole.
5.7lv8hemi +20 inch/all-view window, luxury configuration +5.8*2 large body, superb, sold in the first half of 2019: 287413 classic American pickups, 6.2lv8 highways with a large drain of the heart.
no.4 Toyota Hiracus sales in the first half of 2019: 272293 Hiracus kings of the desert, distributed in 140 different markets, dominated Africa, South America and the Middle East as a whole.
Domestic pickups: breaking policy constraints, small markets have great potential
At the dawn of the industry, the Picard policy has been subject to many positive changes, with more than half of the sales in the top 10 provinces, the impact of the pickup policy on regional sales, the apparent head effects, and the stability of the Great Wall's one-large top3 pattern.
Picard sales have been growing slowly, with market penetration of less than 2 per cent. Domestic pickup sales and occupancy rates have been on the decline until 2016, starting to pick up in 2016, as a result of the liberalization of policies such as the introduction of Picard into the city, which is still very low compared to other countries, particularly the United States, where our market is less than 2 per cent.
In the traditional concept of automobiles, pickups are still concentrated in commerce and have yet to open up the domestic market, so that the market rate is not high, as compared to the decline in the overall passenger vehicle market in 2018, and the countervailing position of the pickup market shows strong stability.
Chart: Changes in the permeability of domestic pickups, multiple restrictions, slow growth of pickups in the country, restrictions on movement, early positioning of pickups as trucks in many cities, restricted by many areas, and the need for refraction strips with large ceilings
In the traditional view, pickups are still used as vehicles for commercial transport, and “not in order” is an inherent image in the consumer's mind.
▪ The fact that pickups are classified as commercial vehicles, that routine maintenance procedures are relatively complicated, that they do not benefit from six years' exemption from normal vehicle use, and that they are required to obtain operating certificates, and that many of the above-mentioned problems each year are a constraint on the domestic sales of pickups.
The market in Pika is limited, the industry is at dawn, and the Pica policy is subject to many positive changes.
Access: from 2017 onwards, the following 4.5 tons of cargo trucks were piloted in Kansai, Gansu, Jiangsi and Hebei for the operation of the etc card; from 2018, the body spray was cancelled: the pickup card was no longer required to spray the body of the vehicle like the truck, and the reflective strips were removed: the pickup certificate and the vehicle operating certificate were in the past, and the national regulations provided for 4.5 tons as of 1 January 2019.
The following general shipping qualification and vehicle licence are no longer required, i.e. such drivers will not be subject to administrative sanctions on the grounds of “unlicensed operation” and “failure to obtain the corresponding qualification.” As more and more beneficial policies are implemented, pickup users will enjoy more facilities, and the pickup market is expected to develop further
In 2016, Henan, Hebei, Liaoning, Yunnan were released as the first pilot provinces for Pika. In 2017, Hubei and Xinjiang were added as second provinces to operate the test ban.
In 2019, three ministries, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued the Implementation Programme for the Promotion of the Upgrading of the Recycled Resources of Priority Consumers, which encourages urban areas and sub-cities to accelerate the removal of the Pika entry restrictions and the full realization of the Pika passenger and cargo dual-use functions. • In 2020, Chongqing, Ningbo, Chengdu, etc.
The first 10 provinces have more than half of the sales, the pickup policy has affected regional sales, and the top 10 regions of the country have more than 50 per cent of the sales, with a greater weight on market sales, as a result of changes in the foreign-pattern policy. In 2019, the market in Beijing was hot, with sales rising by more than 400 per cent in the first half of the year, winning 2019.
Sichuan, Yunnan, and Hebei are ranked 2, 3 and 4 respectively, with sales of more than 5%, and are also the pilot provincial and municipal areas where pickups are banned, indicating that Pika sales are more affected by the policy, and that if other provincial and municipal restrictions are lifted, sales could increase considerably.
The head effect is clear, the Great Wall's one-largest Top3 pattern is stable, the Wall remains in the top position, and the gap between the Wall and the next ranking firm's sales began to widen in 2018, the Wall's product capacity was further recognized by the market, and in 2019, the Wall's Picard city reached 32.9 per cent.
The first three packs, about 60% of the first three, have remained unchanged for many years, and the industry’s headline effect is more pronounced. From 2017, the top ten of the top ten market shares are expected to be the best.
Charts: sales data from major manufacturers in recent years: IV. Multiply + high-end, Great Wall cannons set the way forward.
The Great Wall's cannons have been released, three different versions of the Great Wall, new weather in the new pickup factory, and the cannon sales have gone up the slope well.
The U.S.’s high-end multi-use trend has been developed, and the future of the domestic pickup card is based on the structure of the Ford-type vehicle, which strengthens the structural framework and the rear axis, bringing its weight to 0.9 tons. Fordf-series’ first generation of pickups were born in 1948, while Chevrole’s Picard pioneer, 3100-series, was born in the same period, when the pickups were shaped roundly and in line with the current rough pickups.
The introduction of the Chicken Tax has created a 20-year period of almost uncompetitive growth for American pickups, laying a foundation for the development of America’s home-grown pickups. The introduction of the New Fuels Act has made America’s large-volume muscular cars virtually unscathed, while the unemission-bound pickups have become a haven for many Americans.
At the beginning of the 1980s, with the rise of solar brands and the oil crisis, consumers became more concerned about the oil economy, thus opening a new century of segmentation of a new compact pickup card, and as the economy warmed up, the pickup of the US market was transformed from traditional “products of production” to “tools of pleasure”, a growing number of luxury pick-up trucks were accepted by the market, using as a reference the history of American pickup development, and our pickups are still in the “tool of production” phase, and as the economy evolves, they are expected to start a shift from “tools of production” to “tools of pleasure”.
Chart: US Piccard Development History, "New Fuel Bill"
Fordf-services introduced the Chicken Tax, imported light cards, warmed up the economy, finished the pickup.
The station has made the pickups more mobile, the pickups are born, the first-generation models.
The shift from "products" to "vwtype2" out of the United States market.
Chevy's tight pickups forf-series, new Fordf series pickups.
Three versions of the Great Wall cannon series are now being launched: Multiply, Commercial, Cross-country. Multiply versions emphasize greater comfort and navigation, such as full-scale labels with aled lamps, hydraulic poles, panzers, acc from the Accompaniment cruise.
The commercial version is more oriented towards practical functions than the Multiply version, such as a steel spring hanger, a back-to-back slot set-up, the configuration of a deviation lock, three mode of driving that can be adjusted, and the main configuration of a manual changer box.
The cross-country editions are equipped with winch and water-dry throats, close to 30 degrees, 26 degrees from the corner, and a minimum distance of 245 mm from the ground, which is an improvement over the normal version. The details of the surface have also changed, with changes in black mid-nets, body encirclements, rollers, wheels, etc. that have been effective in increasing visual impact.
Backbridge speed locks, three modes, multiple full-string non-independent hangers, steel springs.
The Great Wall "Tunnel" series will be produced by a new factory in Chongqing Yongchuan. As the fourth full-scale vehicle production base in the Great Wall, Chongqing planned its production.
With 160,000 vehicles, using technologically advanced flexible production lines, the overall plant automation rate will be more than 70 per cent (a 100 per cent automation rate for individual workshops). The production of automatic scheduling through the application of key technologies such as industrial big data, cloud computing, and the full life-cycle management of smart equipment, the introduction of the “gun” series in September, the subsequent three-month escalation, the success of the ramp, and the sale of more than 7,000 trucks in December, which became the same month's pick-up pattern
A sales champion, who is expected to be a new and strong increase in sales outside of the company’s pika market series. Chart: The “1-2-3” strategic lead of the Great Wall’s Chongqing Yongcheon factory body workshop, opening a new chapter on the use of the high end of the pika.
The company proposes a “1-2-3” approach to the pickup market, which is to maintain domestic and export sales first, and aims to achieve an annual sales breakthrough of 200,000 vehicles by 2020 and a global aggregate sales of 3 million vehicles by 2025, and to continue to strengthen the country's leadership and drive the global market for deer. The Great Wall Picard simultaneously publishes the Super Five Star plan and enters the era of multi-use, grid-connection, electrodynamic, customized, intelligent, 4.0 products through the six-star strategy of manufacturing, product planning, channel building, service capacity, camping.
The Great Wall cannon is a brand-new brand, positioning global utility, built on a new platform of the Wall's vehicles, p71. The Wall cannon targets the international chemical pickup brand, hitting the world's compact medium-sized pickup market.
The Great Wall cannons have multiple user target groups, using pickups, commercial pickups and cross-country pickups, to build multi-layered product arrays.
The company, as one of the dominant domestic brands, has a prominent position in the area of pickups, which was re-opened in several regions in early 2020, and has great potential for the future of the domestic pickup market. In addition, the company has launched a new medium- and high-end vehicle-type gun, which has continued to outpace expectations since it came to the market, and has led to a new trend in the consumption of pickups, as industrial policy has released.
The overall pattern of competition in the pickup industry is better than that of cars, with one-way profitability, and looks forward to the company’s future development in the pickup sector. The company is expected to return to its parent net profits of $4 billion in 2020 and $5.8 billion in 2021, plus 0.44 and 0.64 per cent, respectively, to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
▪ Piccard sales are lower than expected;
The content and opinions of the 9th North Street North outside Beijing City City City, the Hwayan Enterprise, do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the sale of the securities in question. We and our employees have any direct influence on the use of this report and its contents.
I may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.