Based on a new technology platform, the new car cycle starts with an investment rating: buy-in (first time) to start a new product cycle based on three technology platforms: lemon, tank, coffee.
The listed Hafer Dog, the third-generation Haverh 6, the tank 300, the O'Lai cat, etc., while consolidating the strong, the competitive H6 is actively opening up a segmented market, where the advantages of new models in terms of product strength, market positioning, etc., are clear and are expected to enhance the new cycle of sales performance.
The replacement of large-pattern products has been completed, further increasing the sales of the cycle. We expect the pickup market to be very promising, with industry leaders benefiting fully. The domestic card penetration rate is only 2 per cent, well below the global penetration rate of 6-7 per cent since 2016.
Local governments have been opening up Picard's entry restrictions, while the Great Wall cannons have filled the gap in the country's high-end and chemical pickups, and the domestic pickup market is expected to grow rapidly. The Great Wall's automobiles have been growing deep in the city, and for many years, the city's share has reached nearly 50%, and it's using the blue card.
The pre-eminence of the sea market is evident when the firm's prices compare to the depth of 300, followed by multiple competitive advantages to keep the Picard market at the forefront of the market, a strong R & D capability for core components, and market-based competition for competitiveness.
The Great Wall cars are also at the forefront of industry in the autonomous development of core components. Nobo cars, precision cars, hives, and Mande electronics four parts and components companies are competitive in each of the sub-sectors, and will then move towards the supply of products to the public, while ensuring the needs of the Wall's cars.
To further enhance the competitiveness of the core components in a more market-oriented way.
Three technology platforms based on lemons, tanks, coffee start a new product cycle. In 2020, Huff Dogs, Third-generation Hafferh6, Tank 300, Orah Cats, etc., were listed by the public authorities, and in 2021-2022, three model products were replaced. Corporate sales were expected to increase at different rates in 2020-2022.
The domestic pickup market is promising, policy easing and supply-side enrichment, and the pickup market is expected to grow rapidly. The Great Wall is the leader of the domestic pickup market, with nearly 50% of the city and a pioneer in the use of the country’s internal pickups.
The company's deep reserves in power platforms, smart cabins, intelligent driving, core castings, new energy batteries, etc., are core zero components that provide a solid basis for the company's intellectual and electric development.
The Great Wall Cars – leaders of the country’s suv and pickups. The Wall Cars are leaders of the country’s suv and pickups, equipped with autonomous capabilities for core components such as engines, transformers, new energy three-power systems.
In the area of new energy, the Ora brand has white cats, black cats, good cats, iqs, four big cars, and a joint venture with BMW cars to create a beam car, and the new energy business is moving fast. In the area of pickups, companies have been champions of domestic pickups for 21 years in a row, and the Great Wall cannons have opened domestic pickups.
Figure 4: The Great Wall Car Product Matrix
Figure 5: The Great Wall ' s structure of automobile sales in 2018 The evolution of the company - the transition to a technology company: The Wall car dates back to the creation of the Great Wall ' s automobile manufacturing plant in 1984, when it was engaged in car modifications. In 1990, Wei built the Wall as its General Manager, its Chief.
The city ' s cars have officially moved into the whole area of manufacturing, going through the three stages of light passenger and cargo cars, pickups, and suv, and have been leading the industry at each stage: the production of light passenger and cargo vehicles began in 1994 and doubled for four consecutive years.
(2) Picard phase: In the early 1990s, the company focused its efforts on the opening of the Picard market, producing the first Deir Picard in 1996 and rapidly occupying the market at a higher value, and by 1998 the Great Wall was ranked first in the country in terms of its sales, and for 21 consecutive years it had maintained its leading position in the country.
(iii) Suv phase: Starting in 2002, the Great Wall car began to focus on the area of suv, and then launched the first suv product, Sever, which was listed as the top three of the country ' s s suv market volume. A number of products were subsequently launched, and the market was highly reverberated.
After the introduction of Hafm, the F series and the Ora brands, the Great Wall's matrix of auto products was further developed, and the new model of the Great Wall's brand was launched in 2017.
The competitiveness of products is further enhanced, and (5) the transition to science and technology companies: firm, new, intelligent, complete self-revolution, and the release of lemons, tanks, coffee and three technology platforms.
The company achieved the full global distribution of its research and sales: in 2019, the company released its globalization strategy, using five years to achieve the Huff single-year sales of 2 million vehicles as the “5-2-1 All-globalization strategy” of the world's professional suv's first brand. In the future, Huff will achieve the Chinese brand suv 1 of the 51 overseas countries that have entered.
All suv brands are 3 above and officially entered the North American market in 2023. In terms of capacity: the company now has two major production bases, the Xu Shui, with a combined capacity of 1.2 million vehicles, while the company plans to expand new production in Chongqing, Yongchuan, Shandong Hitsho, Zhejiang Lake, Jiangsutai, etc.
Yes. Meanwhile, the Russian factory of Tula has been built and has been built in Ecuador, Malaysia, Tunisia, and Bulgaria.
In the United States, Germany, Japan, India, Austria, Korea, etc., Great Wall cars have established R & D centres. Sales: at home, Haver operates more than 1,000 4s shops and more than 200 urban exhibition halls; at more than 1,500 specialized shops, at over 2,000 sales contacts, at 100% coverage in the country’s local districts, and at the county level, at the market distribution service network
Point coverage is as high as 80%. Sales networks have been formed around Russia, Australia, South Africa, three major major cities, and Hover has established fully-owned subsidiaries in Russia, Australia, South Africa, India, the United States, all of 51 countries and territories, with more than 400 vendors in the country.
According to the latest deployment of Hafer’s globalization strategy, by 2023 the Hafer brand will form a network cover of over 2,000 vendors. Parts and components operations will be integrated and independent, opening up external markets: the Great Wall has a better internal complement.
Supply system. Faced with a growing market for car competition, the Great Wall automobiles have consolidated the spare parts industry under the banner, gradually operating independently from the Great Wall ' s whole car business, and realizing the external supply of spare parts.
Several parts and components subsidiaries such as automobiles, Mande electronics, low energy, upscaling power, etc. Harnessing incentives to promote internal dynamism: by the end of 2019, limited asset management in the Great Wall was guaranteed, companies held approximately 56.0% of the company’s shares, shareholders in the company’s holdings, and the company’s chairman, Wei Jianjun, was directly insured.
The Innovative Wall Asset Management Ltd. holds approximately 0.125 per cent of the equity through the Great Wall Holdings Group, which holds approximately 62.85 per cent of the stake of the insured Great Wall Asset Management Company, and is the actual controller of the company.a The share held about 10 per cent andh the share held about 33.96 per cent.
In 2020, the company introduced the equity incentive scheme, which awarded limited shares, 67,428,000 through the restricted equity incentive scheme, and 10.97574 million by the equity incentive scheme. The implementation of the incentive scheme will further enhance the internal viability of the company.
The Great Wall has strengthened the globalization of talent, using a more diverse culture as a source of excellence for enterprises, and has enabled Chinese automobile companies to move to global technology companies that have introduced a number of global talent in recent years in such areas as marketing, technology, and so on.
At the research and development level, the Great Wall has formed a more luxurious group of experts.
Designed, powered, intelligent networked, intelligent drivers, top global experts in five major areas of new energy, to help the Great Wall accelerate the transformation of cars into a “globalizing technology venture.”
Accelerating organizational restructuring to meet future competitive demands. Faced with the serious competition situation in the future, the Great Wall automobiles have introduced a series of organizational changes to optimize the organization in line with the principles of “two connections” and “one integration” – adjustments designed to bring companies closer to consumers.
Two connections: one, to connect brands, commodity enterprises and the R&D sector, involving marketing and branding companies at the commodity-making stage, have enabled the entire enterprise to focus more on market competition and consumer interest in the process and to obtain a sufficient amount of effective information.
2. Operation modules, enhanced brand company management through digital change, gave branding units the opportunity to face their users directly, thereby bringing them closer to the real needs of consumers, and the future status of the Greater Wall automobile “operational units” would continue to grow. The so-called “operation units” could be compared to Toyota before.
The “ce system”, which is a vehicle development centre for the development of new products, is coordinated with a number of departments, such as enterprises, research and development, and production, and can report directly to the president or to the board of directors.
At the same time, the company has set up business digitization centres and product digitization centres to support the Great Wall Automobile Departments Chart 16: Toyota “ge” and tnga (1) Chart 17: Toyota “ge” and tnga (2)
Over the past 10 years, corporate revenue has continued to grow steadily as a result of industrial development, the suv dividend and the growing competitiveness of corporate products. In 2018, the industry affected the economy, with the first negative growth in 10 years.
The sales of mobile companies have remained stable, with 245,000 in the single quarter, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period. The Great Wall artillery pickup card has been on the market since its introduction, with sales continuing to fall by 10,000 in May-June and contributing significantly to the company’s income in the second quarter.
Figure 18: The company ' s business structure in 2019 The company ' s performance: the company ' s performance fluctuated considerably, as a result of industry competition, vehicle life cycle, terminal discounts, etc. In the last five years, the company ' s performance reached its peak in 2016, when the net profit returned to the mother was 105.5
The maximum profit for a bicycle is in 2014, at $110,000 per vehicle. The lowest profit for a single quarter of a company is in the third quarter of 2018 (not including an irregular situation affected by the 2020q1 epidemic), at $0.1 million per vehicle. With the start of the company ' s new vehicle cycle and the gradual realization of reduced efficiency, the profit for a company ' s bicycle is in the third quarter of 2018.
Net profits of $1.8 billion, an increase of 138% in the same year, and single-car profits of $0.74 million. The main reasons are the continued hot sales of high-profit leather trucks, the stability of terminal discounts, and the gradual demonstration of corporate downside measures.
And three power systems, fuel cells, autopilots, and so on. Lithium cells and fuel cells are being developed and invested under the group and are not being placed in a listed company. Vertically, as the input area increases, the R & D ratio rises. Horizontally, the R & D input at the listed company level (not including lithium cells and fuel cells) is in comparison with the R & D input at the listed company level.
At the marketing level, as companies become more active at the marketing end, the investment in corporate advertising and media costs gradually increases, gradually compensating for the company ' s shortcomings at the marketing end of the previous period.
Figure 28: Industrial advertising and media input comparisons (2019),2 and three technology platforms casting the cornerstones for technological transformation. In 2020, the company released three technology platforms, lemons, tanks, coffee, of which lemons and tanks are flat.
Coffee is a smart technology platform. Lemon, tank, and coffee technology platforms are published as the technological basis for companies to transform to technology companies. 2.1 Lemon platform - a high-intelligence technology platform for globalization
Lemon platform -- flexible and efficient. With lemon-specific lightness, fresh taste, rich nutritional value, and high-quality qualities such as global popularity, the product created by the Great Wall 'Lemon' platform is lighter, high-performance, high-security craftsmen's quality. The platform has 438 basic modules and 33 standard modules.
The axle range ranges from 2050 mm to 3,000 mm, from 1540 mm to 1680 mm, covering the suv, sedan, mpv categories. The forward power layout covers a variety of power types.
p2/p2+p4), pure electric and hydrogen fuel cells. Includes four high-efficiency engines and three special hybrid engines (2.0gdit 150~180kw, 1.5gdit 110-130kw), carrying 7dct (450nm/300nm torque capacity, 96% function efficiency), 9dc (400nm torque capacity, 96.2% function efficiency).
With the world’s leading fuel-efficient power, conventional engine heat efficiency will be 41% in 2022, hybrid heat efficiency will be 42%, and high engine heat efficiency will be 51.5% in 2025.
The current layout of the Great Wall motor platform: the Great Wall vehicle currently owns the eg, eb, ec, ed engine platform, of which the gw4b15 and gw4c20 engines under the eb and ec platform are the current main force: (1)eg platform: the first engine platform in the existing platform and the current engine type is gw4g15f.
Launched in Haverm6, h2, h6, f5, h4. (2) eb platform: Grand Wall car 1.5t-type main power platform, national six-engine model gw4b15a (mainly for Haver brand) and e15ba (for Wey brand) with a "China kernel" engine of 10 fine engines
(3) ec platform: Great Wall car 2.0t main engine platform, current national six engine models gw4c20b (for Haver brand) and e20cb (for Wey brand). (4)ed platform: Great Wall car diesel engine platform, engine model gw4d20 (for major fittings).
New engine types are well-stocked – eb and en platforms. The current company ' s 1.5l-loaded vehicle is used mainly for eg and eb platform products. The eb platform engine gw4b15a(eb04) is the company ' s most mainstream configuration. The company, in response to the consumer ' s increased driving demand, launched the first step on the basis of gw4b15a.
The three generation 1.5t low version (eb06) and the third generation 1.5t high version (eb07) show, in terms of overall static parameters, that the third generation 1.5t engines do not deliver cash gw4b15a (eb04) in terms of power, but are better than the heat efficiency gw4b15a (eb04).
The engine of the en series is based on the 4n20 platform, which, according to the Great Wall car plan for the platform, consists of four engines with 150-180kw power, 320nm to 385nm, with a thermal rate of 38%. The engine of the en series is currently divided into two versions: Economic (e01) and High Performance (e03).
The first engine will carry the company’s first 9dc package of vv7 replacements. The beehive is vulnerable to low fuel consumption project 4n20b, based on a 4n20a combustion system, which uses cooling low-pressure egr technology to increase engine heat efficiency to up to 41%.
In terms of automatic transformers for core components, the Great Wall car has moved from external to autonomous supply. The Great Wall has adopted modern (6ats) and Gertrak.
(6dct), ATM (8at), followed by gerhardhenning, who had been employed in the public and Mercedes and had extensive research and development experience in automatic transformers, with a huge R & D investment, the first 7dc product was rated as the World's Ten Fine Speeders for two years in a row, comparing the products of mainstream car companies with those of suppliers, product competitiveness.
Currently, the company's 7dc products match 1.5t and 2.0t engines. The only identical of the two engines is the shell total, the internal gear ratio, the gear process, the gear heat process, the process, the clutch and the corresponding control logic.
At the same time, the company's 9dc product is about to enter the production stage, with a significant increase in the new transformer, the maximum torque to 500 nm, a 3.5% increase in transfer efficiency, a reduction of nearly 10% in weight, and an axle length.
With a reduction of 4 mm, it is expected that the weight ratio will reach 6.6 levels, and the transmission ratio will reach about 8.2. It is expected that the 9dc product will be first installed in the vv7 replacement model.
The first is a dht mix of daily city trips, mainly for most users, with a fuel saving rate of 48-50 per cent, and a further mileage of 200 km; the second is a p2/p2+p4 structure, which is primarily for users seeking power performance, with a 2.0-litre mixer with 9hdct gears released by the Wall, with a 100-km acceleration of 4.3s.
Pure electrolytic mileage 95km/184km. Pure electric power, lemon platform with three power-driven bridges, not 130kw, 150kw, 200kw. Battery bag level, covering three forms of core, Trinity 811, lithium knife, battery, cobalt-free batteries.
2.2 Medium- and Low-end Land Cruiser Markets are to be developed, and tank platforms are expected to set up poles at a price of hundreds of thousands, or even millions, of cars with three missing speed locks. The main players in the under 300,000 Land Cruiser Markets are home-owned brands, while the mainstream Autonomous Brands are.
The Great Wall Automobile, the North Gas Group. We believe that SUV is one of the important segmented markets in the area of Suv, but the main model is more expensive, and the participation of the autonomous brands in this area is currently low, and there is still a need to nurture the brand recognition, and the above is a constraint on market demand. But as the autonomous brands become more available,
The company owns off-road genes, and Huffh9 is an autonomous pole. Hafferh9 is the first high-end off-road SUV model of the Hover brand, which was officially listed in November 2014. The latest Huffh9 was officially listed in August 2019.
We believe that, as the company’s flagship Land Cruiser model, h9 has been market recognized for product power. And, after more than nine years of development, companies have gained more experience in the field of cross-country suv, laying the groundwork for the subsequent sustained development of cross-country suv markets.
The tank platform is a vertical platform designed primarily for hard-to-reach field development, consisting of 425 basic modules and a combination of 38 standard modules; support for suv, pickup, and even mpv models; and contains traditional fuel power and hybrid models, with an axle range of 2750-3750 mm.
The combination of 2.0t, 3.0t, gdit engines, and China’s first nine-at transformers were used, of which 3.0t power and torque reached 260kw and 500n m, respectively, with 38% engine heat efficiency. The product boosts, and the tank platform is expected to build a higher-quality model.
Field equipment, including three locks, active hangars, tank turns, active stabilizers, electroshock absorbers, professional 4x4. At the same time, the cross-country performance of tank platform products will increase significantly compared to Hafh9, close to the angle 36.3 degrees, exit angle 37.2 degrees, minimum distance from the ground 224 mm, 100% slope, full-scale cross-country suv vehicle
We believe that the tank platform is the cornerstone of the company’s full-fledged field of off-roads, and that the tank platform-based vehicle model is expected to drive the company’s sales and brand up. Wey tank 300 is the tank platform’s first model, and is expected to be marketed by the end of 2020, redefining the luxury off-road suv pattern.
2.3 Focuss on intelligent development and building a platform for coffee technology The year 2020 is the first year of conversion to 1-l3. Autopilots are divided into five phases according to the sae classification.
It is the stage of transition to autopilot as an auxiliary driver, where different mainframe plants are gradually system-driven for the development of this phase, and when the system is in a situation that cannot be handled, the user takes over the vehicle and becomes a driver. And the definition of l3 creates two difficulties, on the one hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the technical side.
In order for a vehicle to accurately determine when it needs to be driven and when it needs to be taken over by humans; on the other hand, it is a policy aspect.