♪ Why look at the whole plate ♪
There are currently two cognitive deviations in the market: 1) domestic passenger vehicle demand will be sustained in the future in the amount of 20 million vehicles and below; 2) all traditional whole-car businesses will be dismantled. No, we do not think so. After the outbreak, domestic passenger vehicle demand has been re-established and sold at 2021-2022.
Software defines the vehicle context, and the profit model in the automobile industry will evolve from a hard-loaded to a software service that will achieve a value-reshaping process. Smartly, Tesla does lead the industry, but other car companies are still running along with each other, and at the heart of the future will see change.
At the heart of management's “change resolve + implementation” is the two-pronged shift to global technology travel companies.
Faced with the opportunities and challenges of 100-year-old car change, the Wall fought hard to drive corporate change with a strong executive power. Based on the three dimensions of "Institutional innovation plus organizational change plus cultural re-engineering," it moved from the bottom to a global technology venture.
The three technology brands of “Coffee Smart” are designed to build the core competitiveness of products over the next decade.
Blocked technology platforms, “tanks” are platforms for the global intellectual field travel. 2) “interactive +ai+life” is the core variable, and “coffee intelligence” empowers a new generation of electronics and electrical structures. 3) Marketing-based innovations, situation/ip-enabling new marketing, continuously raising consumer awareness of the Wall.
1. The Great Wall Cars (601633): Pre-sale pro bono, Big Dogs will be hot for sale. Six new vehicles were disclosed in 2020-09 and about 10 new vehicles are expected to be on the market in 2021.
Sub-h6: Prices are constant, performance/intelligentization/space/oil consumption is completely upgraded. Big dog: location city hard pie suv, differentiated competition with h6 with space, appearance, power, intelligent performance, just beginning!
Tank 300: Wey's first high-end smart cross-country suv is expected to carry the latest coffee intelligence technology. At the same time, the new energy three cat is a booster. 3, The Great Wall Car (601633): July
Profit forecasting and investment rating Maintenance of high sales, leading line undervalued position and "buy-in" rating of the Great Wall 'a+h share.
1. Why do you look at the whole plate? The domestic car market has maintained a positive growth trend since 2005 and benefited from suv in 2013-2017
The expansion of the development dividend has accelerated and the market has grown by more than 24 million vehicles. In 2018-2019, the size of the market was reduced to around 21 million vehicles, owing to the impact of the sub-macro + car cycle.
Cognitive deviation one: domestic passenger vehicle demand will be sustained in the future at 20 million vehicles and below. We do not think so. Building on the experience of developed countries such as Japan, the United States, Europe, etc., domestic passenger vehicle demand will return to the normal valuation hub in the next three years.
In the face of unprecedented changes in the industry, the traditional whole-car industry has been actively engaged in the transformation, and this 100-year cycle of change has been a valuation re-engineering process for the entire automobile industry, and the entire car block will be able to value the re-engineering process, especially in the traditional ones, where a few of the best car firms will be able to make a transition.
The purchasing power is determined by the size of the population, which is determined by the birth rate. The purchasing power is determined by the gdp per capita.
A family buys a car for a unit or an individual buys a car for a unit, or shares a trip. Economic cycle fluctuations and stimulus policies are a factor in the volatility of demand for a vehicle. Economic cycle fluctuations can affect the expected changes in the population’s income mentality in the future, and thus delay or advance the purchase of a car.
The year-by-year gdp speed increases, compared to the speed of the passenger cars, are basically synchronized with the pace of change, but only with the volatility of the passenger vehicles, and, drawing on the experience of the United States, China’s demand for the passenger vehicle market will increase further in the long run.
The three cycle cycles 2006-2019 are synchronized, with a cycle of approximately 3-4 years. The three-year period 2008/2012/2015 is a time point in the history of vehicle rotation. The signs of vehicle recovery are present for each pre-epidemiological cycle.
During the period of rotation, signs of weak recovery have become apparent. The spillover effect of the 2015/10-2017/12 acquisition tax subsidy + the downside of the economy.
After the epidemic, the demand for vehicles was on the recovery track. Production/distribution priority retailing was on the right track at the same rate.
The upturn in central sales represents the gradual release of the consumption attributes required by the cars as per capita growth in gdp (excavating the volatility of the economic cycle & stimulus policy). The cycle 2016-2020 saw four major periods of wind and rain change as a result of the previous development of Japan ' s car market. 1) The combined increase in car sales was 34%.
2.95 million vehicles peaked at 2.95 million. Gdp grew at a high rate (on average, 9%) and per capita gdp increased from 479 to $2038. The second consumption concept of “others, and my family,” emerged. 2) The combined rate of sales by car increased by 2.7%, with 2.6 million vehicles in the centre. The domestic gdp accelerated (on average, 4%) faced two oil crises + the Japan-United States trade escalation + the economy
The three-fold pressure of the transition. “Someone else, I also need to be personalized.” The third consumption concept is emerging. 3) The combined rate of increase in car sales is 4.9%, with an average increase of 15% + and a peak of 5.1 million vehicles in 1988-1990. The third consumption concept is growing at a rate of 0.23%. Japan’s gdp growth rate is on average 1%, and the phenomenon of childization and ageing is becoming more pronounced, and is extremely simple.
The fourth consumption concept of racism has emerged, with the consumption core coming from the demand for end-of-life updates. Summing up, Japan has two patterns: [gdp acceleration] causes determine the rhythm of moving upwards in the hub. [The birth rate + changing consumption perception] affects the number and spacing of peaks in cars.
Figure 13: China ' s trends in vehicle consumption over the next 10 years Figure 14: Current demand for end-of-life in domestic vehicle sales as a percentage of 10 per cent
Ten thousand vehicles. With the experience of overseas countries: when the gdp increase is near zero for a long time, a long-term zero-growth era will take place, but there is a common pattern that roughly 100% of car sales come from end-of-life demand. At present, the domestic share of vehicle sales in 2018 is only 10%, based on holdings and new vehicle sales data, and the remaining 90%.
The market’s view that domestic passenger cars have entered a zero-growth era is therefore difficult to establish. The three main underpinnings of the domestic passenger-car market over the next 10 years are: 1) China’s economic growth is still resilient. 2) Full liberalization of the second child helps to reduce the rate of decline in the number of newcomers in China. 3) China is in the second generation of consumption.
The potential for personalized consumption remains strong during the transition to the third consumption concept. 1.2. Reason two: Technology-enabling cars are revalued and autopilots are being upgraded.
(i) Auxiliary driving functions are mainly grade 11/l0, level 1 can achieve acceleration or shift control, drivers continue to operate the vehicle horizontally and vertically, with representational functions ika, aeb, etc., and vehicle e/e structures are distributed, i.e. most functions remain distributed discrete unit control, i.e. individual ecu, individual functions, overall single functions
Cars are valued at about $7,000; 2) in 2016, when they enter the class 1-2 age, they can be automated simultaneously. Drive must always remain in control of the driving, operate horizontally and vertically in the system in a given setting, with representational functions acc inclka, apa, etc., some ecu have started to develop in an integrated manner, but there is still no area to be divided, currently 1 and below.
The entire bicycle package is worth about $15,000. 3) By 2020, it will officially enter the class 3 age, freeing hands for conditional autopilots. The driver does not have to keep the system under constant surveillance, but he must always be vigilant and intervene if necessary.
About five to six domains have been divided and the controller's numeracy index level has been upgraded, and the Ethernet has begun to appear, with an overall bicycle support package of about $25,000 and up to 1 and below.) By 2023, it will gradually enter the class 1-4 era, with further functional upgrades, citypilots, higher-level ap function, e/e architecture upgrades, and an overall bicycle support package of over $40,000.
Intelligent cabin technology experience is now improving. In terms of the path to the upgrade of the cabin, the cabin product is in the early stages of the intelligent age. In the '60s and '90s, it consisted mainly of mechanical dashboards and simple audio broadcasting devices, with a single functional structure; in the 2000-2015 era of electronicization, it was dominated by mechanical instruments, but only a few.
Small-scale controlled LCD displays are starting to be used, along with additional navigational systems, audio, etc., to provide drivers with more information, with an overall one-car package value of less than $2,000. In 2015, the first stage of the intelligence age was taken, with a large size of the controlled LCD screen representing the first step in replacing traditional controls, the whole LCD instrument began to gradually replace the traditional instrument, the central controls, and the instrument.
Programs for the integrated design of the tableboard are beginning to emerge, with a few new hud upshows, streaming rearview mirrors, etc., worth about $4,000 for the whole car. In the future, as high-level autopilots are gradually applied, chips and algorithms, etc., can be increased, the cabin product will be further upgraded, technology such as multiple screens, multiscreens, stereo virtual presentations, etc.
The core technology is reflected in the ability to further integrate intelligent driving, with an overall bicycle complement worth more than $8,000. Software defines a long-term price increase for cars. Cars can be compared to smartphones in the future. 1) Single-car smart packs include environmental perception, information processing, and control of the implementation of three links, similar to smartphone micro-mail+processor+systems;
2) Road coordination requires clouds, end-of-way devices, end-of-cycle t-box, similar to smartphone networking functions; 3) smart cabins have instruments, control screens, back seat entertainment facilities, similar to smartphone screen functions, etc.; 4) vehicle hardware is similar to basic smartphone hardware functions.
Tesla's like apples, a shift in the corporate profit model -- software services are at the core. The same thing is: they all go through a disruptive revolution from hardware to software-led, the supply chain changes dramatically, and the value of the software continues to increase (like a continuous increase in the share of software services in Apple and Māori). Different things are: more smart phones.
The purpose is entertainment functions, while smart cars have greater meaning in liberating hands/legs/eyes, requiring higher safety coefficients and reliability. Because changes in smart cars have the following characteristics: 1) penetration/price increases are relatively slow; 2) supply is more complex and opportunities are higher. In the current context of rapid changes in industry, Tesla defines cars as software.
The pole, e/e structure, is in the lead, a vertically integrated supply chain system, similar to the apples of the mobile industry, and it is unclear who can become the Andresan of the auto community, and who will be in the future in the auto field / millet/oppo.
In terms of functionality, Tesla represents a new power for car creation that is more radical and more functional (see figure 2 below). 2) In terms of the infrastructure improvements at the bottom of the ee, Tesla leads other firms, and the new power/traditional drivers are in the process of learning improvements, and there is currently no significant difference. 3) Self-manufacturing ratio from core parts is not evident.
Look, Tesla is vertically integrated, other car companies are basically in a supplier-based phase, and in future planning, it strengthens their own R&D and self-control capabilities. 4) Who will be able to define car dimensions in software in the future, we think, depends most on the resolve and enforcement of change, and speed must be first, the most important indicator that we're tracking.
In the face of major changes in industry, the Wall has launched three technology brands, "Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart" , which have been built to cover automobile research and development, design, production, and automobile life.
The entire industry chain of value innovation technology system. 1) Lemon + tank smart modular vehicle-type platform to build the diversity of the Great Wall's products competitiveness; 2) “interactive +ai + ecology” is the core variable, and “coffee intelligence” shapes the future competitiveness of the Wall.
At the heart of management's “change resolve + implementation” is the “change resolve + implementation” that drives the Wall's car to a global technology company. Faced with the opportunities and challenges of 100-year-old car change, the Wall is fighting hard and determinedly.
Based on the three dimensions of “mechanical innovation plus organizational change plus cultural re-engineering” and driven from the bottom, the transition to a global technology company. With the three technology brands of “Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart” in hand, everything is user-driven to build the core competitiveness of the next decade’s products.
In keeping with the principle of “overinput in R & D”, the Wall is committed to building the core competitiveness of enterprise technologies and constantly driving brand values up. 1) Accelerated institutional innovation. Sustained improvement in the quality and competitiveness of mechanisms to address dynamic and dynamic issues with high-quality management. 2) Accelerated organizational change. Central is user-centred, with commodities and brands working with R & D +
The process is digitized to form a joint user-car company-distributors association.