China's mobile (600941.sh) communications/telecommunication operations High dividends for value moats, ai+digital transformation opening the second growth curve — China's first report on mobile coverage
• Corporations: the world’s leading providers of communication and information services. China’s movement, which has evolved over two decades, has become the world’s top network size, client size, income size, and innovation leading, brand value leading, market value leading, profit-making leading.
Communications and information service providers. By the end of 2024, the total number of company employees was 450,000, the total number of mobile households was 1,004 million, and the total number of cable broadband clients was 315 million.
New information infrastructure leads. Network leads: cumulatively, 5g base stations have been opened by more than 259,000, and 100% of the core network is now clouded, with 500 million households covered by a gigagram of broadband. Arithmetic leads: self-build smart algorithms (fp16), construction of three-stage lengths of “1-5-20ms”, external service idc
Over 660,000 aircraft. Medium-stage enablement: more than 800 billion mid-level calls, big data equals, new information service systems continue to be optimized. Service provision: 17 products with more than 100 million clients, 5g commercial cases with more than 50,000 cases, 86 large categories of the national economy, and the Smart City project with nearly 1,300 uniforms.
Quality: Launch of the “Three Ones” service initiative, launch of 10 service commitments, and construction of a full-flow number of smartsuits assurance system. Brands and marketing: brands worth $41.3 billion, appliance users more than 270 million, cooperative channels more than 200,000.
Performance: Growth in revenue collection and net profits was robust. Corporate operating income, which for the first time broke out by trillion yuan in 2023, became the world’s largest communications operator: the one-driven cloud-counting market kept growing fast.
According to Canalys, global expenditure on cloud infrastructure services exceeded $90 billion in the second quarter of 2025, the market was highly concentrated, with the Amazon cloud, the Microsoft cloud and Google clouds together accounting for 65% of the share.
According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communication Technology, the market size of the country's cloud computing was $828.8 billion in 2024, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the previous year, and it is expected that by 2027 it will be over $2.1 trillion, and that the integration of Yun+ai will be upgraded.
• Core competitiveness: Shareholder returns continue to lead, and the digital transformation +ai strategy opens up the second growth curve. China’s move is based on high dividends returns, re-constructing income structures through digital transformation and the i strategy, creating a competitive advantage in terms of infrastructure, technology research and development, commercialization, and internal efficiency.
High dividends strategy consolidates shareholder values. Fluid, high dividends strategy builds value moats and enhances investor confidence.
Digital transformation drives the second growth curve. Income structure continued to optimize, with Hbn ' s share of income as a percentage of income from major business having reached 47.6 per cent in the first half of 2025, an increase of 2.6 percentage points in the same year; digitalized transition income reached $15.6 billion, an increase in the same year
In terms of infrastructure, Hout and Hote, and Harbin, two large-scale multi-carat intelligence centres operate efficiently, with a total intelligence size of 61.3 eflops (fp16), with self-constructing wisdom of 33.3eflops (fp16). In terms of technical capacity, the “Nine Days” matrix has been upgraded to version 3.0 with emphasis on the matrix.
In the second half of 2025, there were 1,485 contracts for ai+dic and a joint release of ai-intelligent end, smart network cars, etc.
• Profit forecasting, valuation and rating benefits from demand growth driven by the “digitized transformation +ai” strategy, which is accompanied by accelerated downfall of the application of the person.
Long kinetic energy is expected to be released on a continuous basis. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
1.1. Corporations: The world ' s leading provider of communication and information services, China ' s movement over more than two decades has emerged as the world ' s top network size, customer size, income standard first and innovation leading, brand value leading, market value leading, profit-making leading communications and letters
As of 31 December 2024, the company had 450,000 employees, 1,004 million mobile customers and 315 million cable broadband customers. Since its inception, the company has focused on the information and communication sector, with no major changes in the main business, the main output.
The company’s main business covers connection services such as mobile voice, short colour mail, wireless access, cable broadband, and access to goods, as well as numeracy services such as data centres, cloud computing, content distribution networks, arithmetic integration, and a new generation based on artificial intelligence, big data, security, etc.
Platforms, applications and solutions for information technology capacity. Figure 1: Corporate key products and services continuously enriched 1.2. Business: overall upgrading of the two new models and active construction of new models of value growth
In the first half of the year, the 5g network invested a total of 25.8 billion yuan, with a cumulative increase of over 259,000 base stations, a net increase of 187,000, and global leadership in 100 per cent cloudization of the core network. 2) Innovative technology applications: more than 732,000 stations redcap, continuous coverage of the country ' s counties and towns, effective expansion of rural and indoor coverage, positive
Promoting technological innovations and applications such as a sense of oneness and a sourceless network. 3) Gigaband: By the end of June 2025, 500 million households were covered. Arithmetic networks continue to lead. Active implementation of the country's “East-West” project deployment, construction of a national network of full-scale and state-of-the-art computing power, with self-constructed smart numeracy at scale.
33.3 eflops(fp16); systems construction of integrated computing light networks with continuous growth in the long circle of the computing service level 1-5-20ms; data centres covering all national hub nodes, with over 660,000 external service idc hangars; capability medium capacity expansion; output of unified envelopes, flexible mobile “capacity services”, first half of 2025
The new information service system continues to be optimized. The level of supply has improved significantly.
The services industry is over a billion clients; the services industry has been revitalized, with over 50,000 commercial cases in the 5g sector and 97 nationals; the larger category of the economy covers 86; and the services of smart cities, which have successfully built model provincial and municipal poles, with nearly 1,300 contracts signed in the first half of the year. The quality of services has been improving.
Launching of a service monitoring platform to expedite the construction of a “Customs-wide, business-wide, process-wide, panorama-wide” intelligence-based service system that effectively defends client rights and provides high-quality services to clients. Branding continues to deepen. Promotion of the “1+4+4” strategic branding system and re-launching of the “515 Mobile Lovers” project.
Innovative business brands and branding continue to increase, China moves into internationally authoritative branding data and analysis, and institutions have a 100-strong global brand with a brand value of $41.3 billion, an increase of 33.1% compared to the previous 33.1%.
The number of active clients exceeded 270 million. The same growth rate was 49.8 per cent: Deepening the pan-end-all channel coalition platform operation. The Community of Eco-Cooperatives was built up up and down the chain of end industries, with over 200,000 cooperation channels. 1.3. Equity structure: the real control is China Mobile Communications Group Ltd.
China moved to Hong Kong in October 1997 and to Shanghai Stock Exchange in January 2022. The company has wholly-owned subsidiaries in 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Hong Kong for communications and information services, while providing international roaming and information services to more than 200 countries and territories around the world.
The real control of the company is China Mobile Group Company. As of 30 June 2025, it held 8% of the shares in China ' s mobile equity structure (as of 30 June 2025), and China Mobile Communications Group Terminal Ltd. held 99.97% of the shares in China ' s mobile communications, 0.03% of the shares in China Mobile Group Corporation, and other professions.
Affiliates are held by 100 per cent of middle-to-central communications.2 Financial analysis: robust growth in revenue collection and net profit, sustained optimization of income structure 2.1, operating income and robust growth in net profit
For the first time, revenues broke out by trillion yuan, making them the world’s largest communications operator. In 2024, the company’s business income grew steadily on a trillion-dollar scale, and new businesses such as government, cloud services, ai, and so on; Net profits continued to grow well. In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved $7,946,666 million in operating income.
This represents an increase of 0.41 per cent; a net return of $11,533 million, or 4.03 per cent, is realized. /29.02 per cent, reflecting the structural optimization of digital transformation operations for overall benefits; net interest rates remain stable, and cost control is well performed, with company management and sales rates being recorded in the first three quarters of 2025, respectively
Hbn has become the main engine of income growth. In 2024, Hbn accounted for 45.6 per cent of the income of the main business, and the digitized transformation strategy worked well. In 2024, digitized transition income reached $278.8 billion (as compared to figure 7:hbn, which is rising year by year).
Figure 8: Hbn income as a percentage of income rises by 2.2.1, personal markets (c): in 2024, individual markets generated $483.7 billion; mobile customers reached 1 billion households (a net increase of 13.32 million households).
Of these, 5g network clients reached 552 million (a net increase of 88 million), with a penetration rate of 55.0%.
2.2.2 Family market (h): In 2024, the value of intellectual upgrading was expanded and the household market generated $143.1 million (+8.5 per cent of the year); the household broadband clientele were 278 million households (a net increase of 14.05 million households), leading the industry of scale, of which the mega-household broadband clientele reached 99 million (+25.0 per cent of the year).
fttr clients reached 10.63 million (+376 per cent for the same year), “ai+mobile viewers” clients reached 12.8 million, family clients combined arpu amounted to $43.8 (+1.6 per cent for the same year), and a billion households (a net increase of 6.23 million), of which gigabytes reached 109 million (+19.4 per cent for the same year).
fttr clients reached 18.4 million households (year-on-year +264%). Family clients combined arpu reached $44.4 (along with 2.2.3, the political market (b): the capacity-driven sector was deeply cultivated. In 2024, the government market earned $29.91 billion (a year-on-year + 8.8%); the number of government clients reached $32.59 million.
Homes (a net increase of 4.22 million). The winning share in the open bidding market was 16.6%, leading the industry as a whole. Mobile cloud receipts were $1004 million (a year-on-year increase of 20.4%), and the top five sectors of the industry of revenue scale of the Yaas+paas (a net increase of 2.25 million).
5g vertical sector applications remain ahead of schedule, with 5g network revenues growing rapidly, reaching $6.1 billion (+57.8 per cent for the same year). 2.2.4, emerging markets (n): innovation breakthroughs contributed 53.6 billion yuan (+8.7 per cent for the same year) in 2024. Of this, international operations generated $22.8 billion.
Dollars (year-on-year + 10.2 per cent), services built “on a one-way track” to facilitate upgrading of the overseas digital infrastructure; digitally inclusive revenue of $30.3 billion (year-on-year + 8.2 per cent), with a total of 550 million active clients per month of the Micah video: finance, technology, with $116.5 million in value of industry chain financial operations (year-on-year +52 per cent); and monthly active clients per month of the package transaction.
Billion yuan (year-on-year +18.4 per cent); 14.9 billion yuan in digital content and 198 million dollars in cumulative use for the Micaw video-ai smart watching competition; 47.1 billion yuan (year-on-year + 24.5 per cent) in financial science and technology for industrial chain financial operations; and equity investment, with investment structured around strategic and emerging industries, key areas of the future industry, accounted for by equity law
2.3 The share of capital expenditure has steadily declined, shifting to arithmetic, moving from 5g infrastructure to arithmetic and ai. In 2020-2023, driven by a 5g large-scale construction cycle, capital, the end of the large-scale construction phase, capital expenditure has fallen to $164 billion, while income from the main business accounts for 18.4 per cent (as compared with the previous year).
Capital spending has fallen, releasing cash flows, and supporting high dividends.
China’s spending on mobile capital continues to fall, moving from capital-based to arithmetic efficiency-driven strategic upgrading. As investment tilts toward arithmetic and free cash flows expand, the quality of profitability and shareholder return capacity are expected to increase further.
3. Industry: Aai-driven cloud computing markets keep growing fast 3.1, global cloud computing markets keep growing, global cloud computing markets keep growing. According to Cloud computing White Paper (2024), 2023
The global cloud computing market size was $586.4 billion, an increase of 19.4 per cent over the same period, driven mainly by infrastructure, i.e. services (iaas), platforms, i.e. services, i.e. services.
According to Canalys, global expenditure on cloud infrastructure services increased by 2024 from $26.7 billion in 2023 to $321.3 billion, a 20% increase over the same period.
The annual ai infrastructure expenditure is expected to reach $107 billion, with servers accounting for 75 per cent of total expenditure.The global cloud computing market is on the rise, and the global market for artificial intelligence infrastructure is growing at a high rate.
At the service provider level, the Amazon cloud, Microsoft cloud, and Google cloud have stabilized to the top three global markets, thanks to the advantages of the ai cloud product adaptation and market layout. According to canalys, global spending on cloud infrastructure services reached $90.9 billion in the second quarter of 2025.
The top three cloud providers together accounted for 65% of the world’s market share; the three producers’ cloud-related expenditures increased by 24% over the year, and the Microsoft and Google clouds maintained growth rates of over 30%. The Amazon cloud grew at a rate of 17%, slowing down from 19% of 20244, largely due to supply-side constraints.
Global capital spending by four cloud producers has continued to expand. Driven by the construction of one infrastructure, capital spending by four cloud producers, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Meta and others, totalled over $230 billion in 2024.
Figure 15: Continued expansion of capital spending by four major global cloud producers
According to the China Institute of Information and Communication Technology, in 2023, the market size of the Chinese cloud was 61.6 billion yuan, a 35.5 per cent increase in the same year; in 2024, the market size of the Chinese cloud was 828.8 billion yuan, an increase of 34.4 per cent.
The growth rate, which is based on clouds, has led to the formation of a digital market pattern. The technological innovation and strategic restructuring of enterprises brought about by the i-origin is starting a new round of growth in our cloud computing, and it is expected that in 2027, our cloud computing market will jump into new opportunities, and the integration of the i-large model with big data products will be the main driving force.
Of that amount, the market size of the Yaas market was $13.21 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same period and 11.3 per cent over the same period; the market size of the Paas market was $4.37 billion, an increase of 20.3 per cent over the same year and an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same period, the public cloud market in China recovered to double-digit growth, the market recovered significantly, and Internet cloud producers in the city.
In the second half of 2024, the market for Yuniaas was publicly listed as the top five, with a combined market share of 69.8% and a concentration of 1.0%. The demand for corporate internationalization continued to be released, helping cloud producers to quickly expand their market out of the sea, and arithmetic resources.
Broad construction has also somewhat diluted the market’s top five cities, and market concentration has declined again. The upgrading of models and big data products will be the main driving force behind the future development of China’s public cloud market.
4. Core competitiveness: shareholder returns continue to lead, digital transformation +ai strategies hit 4.1, dividends strategy: shareholder returns continue to lead, high dividends build value moat 4.2, digital transformation: income ratio of hbn continues to rise, opening the second growth curve
Currently, data, numeracy, and artificial intelligence are important drivers of new-quality productivity. With the combination of high-quality data, high-performance numeracy, and high-level algorithms, the ai accelerates breakthrough applications and leads the economy from “interconnectivity + 5g+” to “ai+”.
In 2024, Hbn earned 45.6 per cent of the income of the main business (as compared with 2.4 percentage points): the digital transition income reached a person.
In the first half of 2025, Hbn ' s share in the income of the main business reached 47.6 per cent (in the same year and 2.6 per cent); the digital transition income reached $15.6 billion (in the same year and 6.6 per cent), raising the share of the income of the main business.
4.3. The capacity of ai: `ai+' is constantly optimizing the infrastructure, with the two mega-intelligence centres of Hutt and Harbin operating efficiently. The total size of the smart sum is 61.3 eflops (fp16), of which the self-constructed smartness scale is 33.3 eflops (fp16).
In terms of technical capabilities, the “Nine Days” matrix has been upgraded to version 3.0 with a focus on over 50 industry models and the creation of nine-day artificial intelligence technology companies. In terms of business transformation, the number of ai+dict contracts reached 1,485 in the first half of 2025, and the joint release of information such as ai smart terminals, smart network cars, etc.
Consumption of the “new three” products. In the area of internal efficiency, the network has achieved high-level capacity and operational efficiency through the introduction of the ai technology. 5 Investment proposals: the ai+digitization transition opens up the second growth curve.
2 and hbn: good growth is expected for hbn. Family markets: construction of a “full gigabyte plus cloud” intelligent family ecology, promotion of the “Giga+ftr” connection upgrade, the “ai+thinker” application upgrade, and the services of the wise. Government and business markets: integration drive the “net plus cloud” scale up, innovation creates the “ai+dict”
Emerging markets: Investing in international business, digital content, financial science and technology, equity investments, four major initiatives, benefiting from the i-application landing process, covering for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. 6.1. Risk of international environmental impacts on upstream industrial chains
The upstream industrial chain of companies is related to the manufacture of electronic information, covering the R & D, manufacturing and marketing of various types of high-tech products, such as communications equipment, electronic components and electronic specialized materials and computer equipment, and is relatively dependent on the global supply chain system and vulnerable to external factors such as international relations and international trade.
Future upstream industrial chains are further affected by external factors, leading to price fluctuations, supply shortages or disruptions in the equipment and services required by the company, which may adversely affect the business development and performance of the company.
With the digitalization of the economy and the rapid development of information and communication technologies, the network security of telecommunications operators has been enriched and extended to cover all aspects of the production of basic networks and information systems. In recent years, information and communication technologies have seen a proliferation of cyber-security incidents, cyberattacks, etc.
The impact of the global threat on communication networks and information security is becoming more evident, and critical information infrastructures are becoming the focus of cyberattacks, with increasing pressure on critical data protection. Companies attach great importance to cybersecurity and continue to build a proactive network security defence system centred on risk perception, proactive monitoring, but it is not.
If there is a problem with the company’s communications network and information security, the company’s ability to provide its products and services may be affected, resulting in personal, customer or social losses, or the corresponding law.