Incentives and Stakeholder Schemes to bind core staff, promising prospects Long-term Electric Technology (600584.sh) 14/04/04/2022
Lawton (Consent) Incentives Scheme and Staff Holding Scheme to bind core staff for a promising period, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
1382 Division technical (operational) cadres, mid-level managers, etc. awarded 31.13 million shares, or about $183 million in corporate shares, to no more than 46 corporate executives and core management cadres, corresponding to the total stock stock count Division-level performance appraisal targets, as compared to the equity incentive scheme.
To bind the core technical (operational) cadres of companies and their managers, with a wide range of coverage, it is expected that they will be motivated to mobilize their staff, improve their cohesion and core competitiveness, and further improve corporate governance, while at the same time evaluating their objectives, demonstrating that they have sufficient confidence in business development.
We maintain the 2022-2024 performance forecast, with a projected net profit of 5g in 2022-2024, motor electronics, high-performance computing multi-areas, enabling companies to grow continuously, and companies lead the industry in such important areas as communications 5g, high-performance calculations, consumption, automobiles and industry.
With the evolution of Moore's law, advanced envelopes have become an important way to enhance chip performance. In 2022, companies will drive the company update report - a high growth in performance.
Implementation of a 5-year plan for technology development, covering and testing 5g/6g radio frequency high-density systems, hyper-scale long-power sufficient. 2022.3.31 High-density qf encapsulation, 2.5d/3dchiple, more than 30 items in eight major categories, such as high-density multipolar storage technology
Corporate Information Update Report (CIR) - 2021. Companies have advanced technology in the industry, and companies are expected to benefit in the long term from the red from the advanced envelopes. Corporate Information Update Report - Performance in excess of expectations.