Large impairments have delayed performance, financial stability, increased demand and competition have slowed the pace of output: adjustment and global demand have slowed down, corporate output has slowed down, and silicon has slowed down in the first half of the year, owing to the depth of industry chain prices and the decline in global demand.
“Lonki Greene’s performance on stock impairment drags q1 on United States exports by 140 per cent on a year-on-year basis.” Large inventory impairments, influenced by industry chain price reductions: corporate credit margins in the first half of the year
2. The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Lungi Green Energy Impairment, Investment Gains over Short-term Performance Growth Losses due to rapid price declines in the chain; Fixed Assets Impairment of 850 million Dollars, I 3. The Lungi Green Energy Stock Exchange component is looking forward to new products with high growth.
In the first half of the year, the net cash flow from company operations was $6.4 billion, of which q2 billion was $15 billion. At the end of the reporting period, the company was in cash in hand.
In the first half of the year, bc delivered up to 10 gw, hpbc 2.0, making breakthrough progress: in the first half of the year, the company ' s bc component delivered about 10 gw, with strong market evidence of excellent power generation performance and low decline performance.
In addition, the company ' s Hpbc 2.0 production technology achieved a milestone breakthrough, with battery production line-wide and component production power of up to 660w, with a significant jump in conversion efficiency to 24.43%. Front-line technology research and development continued to lead the industry, and the efficiency of the treasutal stacking batteries updated the world record:
In the next generation of technology forward-looking research and development, the company ' s crystal silicon-silium-silmonite stacking battery conversion rate passed 34.6 per cent, continuously updating the world record on silicon-silicon-silicon-siltium stacking; commercialized m6-foot silicon-silicon-silicon-sale stacking battery authority validation efficiency reached 30.1 per cent and commercialized
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Product prices perform less than expected: price increases in raw materials are higher than expected: the international trading environment is bad
(a) Globalization: the risk of deteriorating patterns of competition.