WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
Healthy growth amid challenging environment
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB110.69
Healthy earnings growth in 1Q23. WuXi AppTec reported 1Q23 revenue of
(Previous TP
RMB121.52)
RMB8,964mn, up 6% YoY. It posted attributable recurring net income of
Up/Downside
64.0%
RMB1,869mn, up 9% YoY, and attributable adjusted non-IFRS net income of
Current Price
RMB67.50
RMB2,342mn, up 14% YoY. 1Q23 revenue / adjusted Non-IFRS net income
accounted for 21%/ 22% of our 2023 full-year estimates, which were also in line
China Healthcare
with its historical range. Non-IFRS gross profit margin (GPM) improved by 3.2ppt
JIII WU, CFA
to 41.0% while non-IFRS net profit margin increased by 1.9ppt to 26.1% in 1Q23,
driven by the continuously improved operating efficiency and output per
employee. Non-COVID business saw resilient growth in 1Q23 with D&M revenue
(in WuXi Chemistry segment) up 30% YoY. Given the high revenue base of 2022,
Benchen HUANG, CFA
management reiterated 5-7% YoY and 12-14% YoY growth target for its revenue
and non-IFRS gross profit respectively in 2023E.
Global healthcare funding slow-down remains a key factor to be
Stock Data
watched. According to VBDATA, global/ China healthcare funding decreased
by 41%/ 57% YoY in 1Q23, following the decline of 43%/ 54% YoY in 2022.
Although some small- to mid-sized pharmaceutical companies were forced to
re-assess their R&D spending, R&D demand from top-tier biotech companies
and big pharma companies remained at relatively healthy levels, in our view.
We believe top CXO players such as WuXi AppTec will be less impacted by
Shareholding Structure
the demand cycle thanks to its superior client mix and strong bargaining
power to clients. In fact, WuXi AppTec's 1Q23 revenue from biotech clients
surged by 53% YoY, with over 310 new clients added in the guarter.
Share Performance
New modalities services turning into new growth drivers. Revenue of
new modalities-related services in WuXi Chemistry segment grew by 44%
YoY to RMB540mn in 1Q23, representing ~9.6% (vs ~10.4% in 2022) of
segment revenue (excluding COVID-19 commercial projects). Moreover, new
Source: FactSet
modalities revenue of WuXi Biology segment delivered a 40% YoY growth in
1Q23, representing 25.3% (vs 22.5% in 2022) of segment revenue. The
12-mth Price Performance
(RM
Company has built the largest drug discovery team in the world, functioning
603259 CHSHCOMP (Rebased)
as a critical project source for its downstream services. More synergies
among its various business segments are yet to be released.
WuXi ATU and DDSU saw encouraging progress despite business
adjustments. Pipeline of WuXi ATU included eight projects in Ph3 as of
1Q23, with two in BLA review stage and another two in BLA preparation
stage. Management expect to see commercial demand rise in 2H23E with
Source: FactSet
anticipated BLA approvals. With the adjustment of Lingang site, management
indicated GPM of WuXi ATU to turn positive for full-year 2023E. Additionally,
a customer of DDSU segment obtained marketing approval for a new COVID
drug in Mar 2023, which may contribute additional royalty income.
Maintain BUY. We cut TP from RMB121.52 to RMB 110.69, based on a 10-
year DCF model with WACC of 11.57% and terminal growth of 3.0%, to reflect
uncertainties in healthcare funding. We forecast WuXi AppTec's revenue to
grow by 5.8%/ 28.8%/ 25.8% YoY and adjusted non-IFRS net income to grow
by 9.3%/ 27.4%/ 24.4% YoY in 2023E/ 24E/ 25E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.