Cyrus (601127.sh): The net profit increases in the first half of the year, the high-end vehicle pattern continues to break the new cycle upwards, and sales uplifts the profitability upwards. Firm software defines cars.
\triangleright Technical Route, which continues to deliver high-quality products. Since March 2025, the company has issued a vehicle-type \m92025, m8 and m5ultra.
M9 accumulated 62,492 vehicles, with a cumulative increase of 6.28 per cent over the same year; Question M8 as a locator Practice No. s1500525030001, the volume of sales and profitability of companies is expected to increase as the company continues to promote the luxury model.
In April of 2025, China officially launched the ads4 system, China became the dots of the world engine for the future of autopilots, using the World Engine Plus World Behaviour Models.
Practice number: 1500525030004 (wewa architecture), which can be reduced by 50% by end-to-end, 20% by access efficiency and 30% by heavy brakes. According to Hua, m9 and m8 will be upgraded throughout the third quarter.
Xu Guo’s research assistant in the auto industry, Hong Kong’s share of ipo, is accelerating globalization, and competitiveness is expected to increase further.
On April 28, 2025, the Hong Kong Federation submitted to the Hong Kong Federation an application for the issuance of offshore foreign shares (h shares) and the listing of the Hong Kong Federation.
Strategic, firm competitiveness is expected to increase further: risk factors: vehicle sales fall short of expectations, profitability falls short of expectations, new cars are launched short of expectations.
Carys: The year 2024 was the year of the mother's return, the profit was lost, and the world's m8 was expected to make a bigger contribution.
Good and well, capital operations are a positive sign of firm confidence.
In Beijing, parts of Kim Dynasty No. 127, Wumenxi Street, No. 127, in Beijing’s West Side, b will not be relevant, either directly or indirectly, to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed Securities Investment Advisory Service.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.