On 25 September 2025, Cyrus issued an announcement that it had been posted off-shore.
The plan for the $105052309001 equity unit (h unit) has been filed with the China CSRC.
The high-end market break-up, the high-performance build-up of the financing base, and the stock roll-out by Silas h coincides with a crucial turning point in the company’s business development. In 2024, the company achieved a historic loss of profits, with a year-round sale of new energy vehicles.
The market for luxurious cars of more than US$ 10,000, with the M8-type registered as 400,000 class suv champions, has laid a solid business foundation for h-stock issuance. The internationalization strategy is a key step forward.
The company intends to issue no more than 331 million shares of general equity and to launch the "a+h" dual-capital market layout.
Started in 1986 with springs, tremors, and went through the motorcycles, the east wind, and the joint car-making phase. In 2016, a full shift was made to the new energy car domain. In 2021, the brand name was released, which established the "intellectual rejuvenation of luxury."
1 Cyrus (601127): 24q3 Performance bright, asking high-end branded car market for continued breakthroughs 2024-11-07
The company has developed a more sophisticated product matrix of m5, m7, m8, m9. Overseas channels have the potential to further increase corporate sales and profitability.
A sustained push to boost the volume and profitability of sales is expected, giving “buy-in” companies less progress than expected and new cars sold less than expected.
Lin Chien: Master of Arts, Automation/World Economy, cpa, six years of auto industry research and advanced research, good at bottom-up and share-drawing. Deep coverage of Tesla Industrial Chains/One Mind: Vuhan University undergraduate, Columbia University Master ' s degree, 2024 in Chinese securities.
Working experience in automobile business, mainly responsible for strategic planning of car selection and related competitive analysis. Morning: Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, in 2024, joined Chinese securities to study auto and human robotics as a reflection of my research.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.