\triangleright paid 14,000 vehicles, 12.8 per cent compared to 1.0 pct; m7 delivered 13,000 vehicles, 11.8 per cent compared to 11.8 per cent
-25.7pt; m9 delivery of 39,000 vehicles, 36.7%, corresponding to 12.0%; m8 delivery of 41,000 vehicles, delayed purchase, and 2025q2 increase in ring comparison due to the concentration of pre-sale orders in q2 when m8 was marketed. The middle-end market is more resilient, with a strong share of m8/m9 resonant, with the brand breaking up upwards.
Queuing m8 moves into a 400,000-grade high-end market, and intelligent advantage becomes a core competitiveness. Query m8 is a three-prong configuration of max, max+, ultra, which provides a two-seat layout option for five large seats and six seats, for a sale price of $35.98-449.8 million. The new car market is set at over 60,000 for 13 days, and orders are broken for 38 days.
One hundred and twenty-two thousand and twenty-five hundred and twenty-five hundred and twenty-five thousand. We believe that a high-end structural incremental market for m8-precision-card households is expected to continue to penetrate the large suv market of 35-45 million and become a brand \triangleright \triangleright
On the same day, the company submitted to the Hong Kong office an application for the listing of its shares, which is intended to be used for: (1) new energy vehicle-type R & D and to enhance the suitability of overseas vehicle-type R & D; (2) to enhance the core technological innovation capabilities of the Cube Platform, Smart Airspace, Auxiliary Drivers, Dynamic Systems, etc., and to achieve full penetration of R & D-Production-Services; and (3) to increase online access.
Marketing channels, the expansion of overseas distribution channels and delivery capacity, and the establishment of a network of superchargers; 4) replenishment of operating funds and corporate use in general. We believe that port share ipo, which aims to deepen corporate globalization strategies, will open up new growth spaces for the public sector, strengthen technology conservation river and capacity expansion, and accelerate the internationalization of high-end brands.
Investment proposals: m8/m9 is resonant, super-plant production supports delivery, robotic operations are smart, Hong Kong ipo is on the ground to accelerate the globalization strategy and is expected to build a new growth in corporate performance \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.