2025q2 Business Quality Improvement High-end intelligence continues to deepen \triangleright bikeasp breakthroughs with higher profit margins. End of income: 62.4 billion gross operating income for 2025h1
\triangleright +1.6/+52,000, respectively. The asp leap is mainly due to the structure of the products delivered centrally by the new high-end vehicle type, which is further tilted towards the higher end. At the profit end: $2.47 billion net profit from the non-repatriation of 2025h1, which is +72.1 per cent.
+57.3 per cent/+428.3 per cent significant improvements in profit margins on a year-to-year basis are due mainly to better revenue structures and higher cost controls, which accelerate release. Cost ends: 2025q2 sales/management/research and development \triangleright
The Cyrus (60127.sh) series reviews the delivery of 39,000 vehicles, or 36.3 per cent, of 2025h m9; the delivery of 41,000 vehicles, or 38.3 per cent of the total, of m8; and the movement of product structures over and above the market and the release of cumulative delivery potential, with the company entering a new phase of “double price increases”.
\triangleright 100-degree battery in the German era, first launched with an ads 4.0 system, and under the "Equal Values" strategy, re-created value boundaries with a technological advantage, with the promise of breaking down 400,000-degree pure electricity markets.
The system and the internal and external laser radars. The new intellectuals system provides the full safety capability with high-scenario generalization and security redundancy, and the technical subrogations will translate into user experiences, and the intellectual advantage is expected to be an engine of growth in sales.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.