A repeat batch order has established a 12-inch sink cleaning position for the market.
According to the official Sumi semiconductor micro-witness public, 29 bulk purchase orders for ultracwb tank-style wet cleaning equipment could be used for processing 12 inches (300 mm) crystal round, scheduled to be delivered in two phases starting in 2022. They included 16 duplicate orders from the same Chinese proxy factory.
Single-and-repeated orders are intended to support the plant’s expansion. 12-inch slot cleaning orders break the 12-inch sink cleaning system that is monopolized by Deans and Tel.
The grid data show that the local 12-inch crystal mill's slot cleaning equipment was largely monopolized by two Japanese cleaning equipment providers, Diens and Tel, and that the consummation semiconductor was ordered by a large number of slots, breaking the pattern of a 12-inch slot facility that was highly monopolized by Japanese companies.
The supplier of cleaning equipment in other countries has not been able to replace the import of 12-inch sink cleaning equipment. The number of slots reached 29, and the product mix competition strategy was recognized by the market.
Purchase orders. The orders contain 16 duplicate orders from the same generation of workers, indicating that the company ' s products have increased their client recognition in the field of crystal-rounding, that they have more than 20% of the city ' s share in the indigenous crystal-crylic plant, that the company ' s cleaning products have become more sticky with customers, and that they are on the client side of the front.
The process certification has been transformed into an income-growth engine. Products are loaded with advanced low-pressure drying (uld) technology that can cover almost all cleaning processes using slot cleaning equipment.
(uld) Technology, designed to solve technical problems of drying in slot cleaning, such as advanced 3dnand structures and high-broadness kernels of logical products. The company’s new uld cell module uses low-pressure ipropanol (ipa) drying processes that can be satisfied, including pre-cool cleaning, ion infusion and post-cleaning.
The first uld module was delivered to a leading Chinese storage semiconductor manufacturer in the third quarter of 2021.
The process data have proven the validity of uld in advanced node manufacturing. The indigenous cleaning facility has been further strengthened to the first international branding team. The company has now obtained duplicate orders from its local proxy plant, indicating a 12-inch sink cleaning at its local production line.
Once again, the market position has been validated to consolidate the status of indigenous cleaning equipment. At the same time, according to data from China’s international tender network, the company’s domestic market for one piece of cleaning equipment was over 20%, and at the end of last year two models, ultracsapsv, were obtained from a major international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States.
Sumi Semiconductor Equipment (Shanghai) Inc. did not confirm possession of an advanced 12-simple cleaning order to lead the internationalization process for indigenous semiconductor equipment. Given the company’s introduction of new technologies, the process coverage has been expanded, and client recognition has increased, especially in the slots.
With a large volume of orders for cleaning equipment standarded on February 14, 2022, our small upscale company's 21-23 revenue went from "Shanghai, Semami: Acmr Holding Shareholders" in 2021.
The uncertainty of international political friction, the tightness of spare parts, influences the delivery of orders and increases the operating costs.