On March 1st, 2021, the United States-Shanghai newspaper was released, and the company's revenues grew by $1.621 billion a year.

Other semiconductor equipment (plating, stand-up stoves, etc.) earns $274 million, an increase of 352 per cent in the same year, while advanced encapsulation equipment earns $218 million, an increase of 121 per cent in the same year. Income from equipment other than cleaning has reached 30 per cent, with 14 pct higher in the same year, and the relay has become the main force of growth.
At the same time, the company increased its investment in R & D, with $278 million in R & D (all cost-shaped, non-capitalized) and 17.18% in R & D, an increase of 3.2 pct over the same year.
\triangleright data show that the company's share of the global market for single-band, slot cleaning equipment reached 5.2 per cent globally, and in October 2021, the company's cumulative wet system equipment was successfully delivered to the 2,000th cavity, and cleaning technology and equipment was covered.
More than 80% of the cleaning process. In addition to wet equipment, the company actively expands the product mix by expanding the layout in the areas of semiconductor plating equipment, semiconductor copper shredder equipment, advanced encapsulation wet equipment, twerp equipment.
On February 18th, it was further announced that purchase orders had been obtained for 13 front lanes and 8 rear plating equipments, which had been re-launched, and that the semiconductor platform had risen, with 10 of them additional orders for domestic dragon crystalry mills. In 2021, eight of the company ' s piped equipment had been delivered, master.
In addition, two new front-line equipment products are expected to be marketed in 2022, and the product lines are expected to widen further. The offshore market has opened well. While maintaining a leading position in the domestic market, the company was added in 2021.
In October, the company received a Damascus plating device demo order from one of the major Asian integrated circuit manufacturers, and a global tap semiconductor manufacturer.
In November, the company obtained duplicate orders from the big global idm factory at the Chinese factory for the mosaic cleaning equipment. In December, the company announced the acquisition of two orders for the saps cleaning equipment from the leading international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States.
Company acr gave revenue guidelines of $365-405 million in 2022, with a 48 per cent increase in the hub.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.