The U.S.-Shanghai product platform has been highly effective, technology and innovation have been dynamic, performance has been high and client globalization has made significant progress. Companies have grown by 61% in 21 years on a year-on-year basis.
At the same time, q4 achieved 99.94% revenue, ring growth of 113%, and companies maintained a high rate of revenue and profit growth throughout the 21st and q4 years.
In 21 years, five well-known clients from outside mainland China were also received, indicating that the company’s clients’ globalization development strategy was successfully implemented, the competitive edge of products was highly recognized, and the revenue window was opened up. The year’s volume of shipments doubled in proportion to the year, and active stock preparation also led to a significant increase in stocks.
The company’s inventory is mainly the value of goods and raw materials, while the contractual liability is mainly made up of client advances, and double growth indicates that the company is now full of orders. The company is now actively engaged in upgrading its capacity to build two new plants in Shanghai.
Increasing R & D inputs, accelerating the development of new products and upgrading existing ones. The company’s 21-year R & D cost is 98% higher than the previous year’s 14% higher than the previous year’s revenue ratio, suggesting that the company has increased its current value by 3 percentage points.
The company’s current cleaning technology and equipment cover more than 80% of the cleaning process, while, according to the company’s controlling shareholder acmr, in 2021, the bulk orders for the front-track copper-plating equipment were broken and seven stand-alone demo platforms were delivered, and the Māori-higher ald equipment is about to be launched.
In the second half of 2022, two major types of process equipment for advanced processes will also be introduced. The company’s 21-year revenue from other semiconductor equipment, including plating, stubble tubes, has increased by 352.4% over the same period, indicating that its R & D inputs have had a significant impact on the harvest end, adding the company’s position as a cleaning plant leader, the positive growth in revenue from advanced encapsulation products,
The product-plating strategy is leading companies into a fast-growing drive. “Shanghai, China: Holding shareholders: Last year’s revenues reached uncertainty that guided international geopolitical frictions, and tight spare parts led to delays in the delivery of orders.
"Senior Shanghai: The first batch repeat order established the position of the United States as the leader of the 12-inch copper-connected plating facility market."
Visible Product Competitiveness 2020215 Central Bank International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy