The first batch repeats the order to establish beauty as a leader in the market for plating equipment at 12 inches of copper interconnection.
Recent news: According to the official U.S. Micro-Caution Public, 13 ultraecpmap pre-copper plating equipment and 8 ultraecpap backway advanced plating equipment have been ordered, 10 of which are additional orders for a top Chinese integrated circuit manufacturer.
This is the first time the company has obtained a batch order for ecpmap plating equipment. A total of 21 plating orders have been issued, including an additional order from a domestic top-level integrated circuit client.
The order was prepared as an additional order for a top Chinese integrated circuit manufacturer and its first bulk purchase order for the ecpmap plating system. Since the ultraecp map front lane copper plating equipment applied in the 65nm~28nm process met or exceeded its requirements, the customer ordered its line of production.
A large amount of the equipment was purchased, highlighting the competitive strength of the more beautiful and hard products and the high client recognition of the company as a whole, leading to the domesticization of the front-line copper interconnections and the back-track advanced encapsulation plating equipment, establishing the status of the indigenous leader.
The low-level, Chinese International Tender Network data, the owner of copper plating in the front lanes of the indigenous 12-inch crystalwork plant is being monopolized by the Lamrearch family, and this time the United States first received a large number of orders for front plating equipment, breaking the market pattern of the monopoly on copper plating equipment, which was the front route of around 20 shipments in 2021.
Both front and rear plating have strong performance advantages. According to the company, ultraecpmap plating is based on the company’s mature electrochemical plating (ecp) technology.
(25.3) (19.4%) (31.3%) The equipment is designed for advanced applications in Bi-Damascus, which improves productivity and reliability, while the ecp plating system is configured with the company ' s unique multi-yangite local plating function, allowing customers to access Damascus
The structural copper sediment layer is effectively controlled. The ultraecpap plating equipment, which is well covered in the back lane, can perform a number of key wlp plating techniques, including copper cones and high-density fanning (hdfo) processes, with outstanding performances in copper, nickel, tin, silver and gold plating.
Multiple business breakthroughs, such as cleaning and plating, accelerate the movement to the first international branding team. The company gets the first bulk order for the ecpmap (millions of yuan) of plating equipment, together with the recently announced slot cleaning equipment.
The net liability ratio (%) (2022e) volume orders represent the market leadership of Shanghai in various technological areas and highlight the ability of the Division to meet the needs of its clients.
In the context of the globalization strategy, companies have also been receiving orders from the international front-line customers that are expected to accelerate their movement to the international half through proven advanced/international leading technology.
In view of the high volume of orders for corporate plating equipment (including, in particular, bulk orders for a single customer) that are over-expected, "Shanghai, Semami: Obtaining the largest order for cleaning equipment in history " ,
The uncertainty of international political friction, the scarcity of spare parts, influences the delivery of orders.
The electroplating process is the main method of metal deposition in the semiconductor system.
The electroplating process is a surface-based process using electrolysis to plate the surface of the conductor to enhance the conductivity, corrosion resistance, etc. As the chip manufacturing process becomes more advanced, the interconnectivity in the chip begins to shift from traditional aluminium materials to copper materials, and semiconductor copper plating equipment is widely used. Semiconductor plating is now no longer limited to copperline deposition, but also metals such as tin, tin, silver alloy, nickel, gold, etc.
But metal copper deposits are still dominant. Chart 1. Chip manufacturing the forward copper interconnection plating process. Chart 2.
Embedded barriers, punctures, punctures.
Linear chrome, light blockage, block layer/seed layer deposition.
Light-yang removal Copper interconnection: The semiconductor plating equipment deposits a layer of denser, porous holes, crackless other defects on the crystal circle, and is evenly distributed among copper, which is then accompanied by gas-phase deposition equipment, etching equipment, cleaning equipment, etc., to complete the copper interconnection process.
Wlp: Semiconductor plating follows the development of the crystal circle containment process, which requires metalization in the three-dimensional silicon perforation process, the heavy clothing process, the convex process, and the use of electroplating for the deposition of metals such as copper, nickel, tin, silver, gold, etc.
The main core technologies in Shanghai have been cavity current field control, multi-oppolar power supply control, system resistance distribution control, silicon traps, etc. Three major types of electroplating have been developed, including two Damascus plating equipment ultraecp map, three-dimensional stacks (3dtsv), and advanced plating equipment ultraecpap (including two types of plating and non-plating) respectively.
And the third generation of semiconductor plating equipment ultraecpgiii. The front copper interconnection plating facility (ultraecpmap): The United States Shanghai is a small global company with a core patent and real industrialization of chip copper interconnection technology that is fully autonomous and is based on company-developed electrochemical plating (ecp) technology.
On top, designed specifically for applications in double Damascus, it improves productivity and reliability. For technical nodes of 55nn, 40nm, 28nm and 20-14nm, new current control methods using the company's original multi-yangal local plating technology, fast switching of milliseconds between the various anodes, and filling of the super thin seed crystals with empty caves to fit the ultra thin seed crystals of less than 5 nm to meet the state of the art technology.
Node Damascus plating needs to reduce consumption and ownership costs to ensure high productivity and normal running time, while achieving better uniformity in the thickness of the sedimented copper membranes after filling empty holes by adjusting the currents of different anodes. The first “ultraecpmap” copper plating facility was launched in China in 2019.
Up to 2020, U.S.S. ultraecpmap sales had reached 3 ultraecmap orders for 13 ultraecpmap front row copper plating equipment in 2022, and advanced back-stream encapsulation plating equipment (ultraecpap): differential development to address the difficulty of smoothing plating under larger plating fluid flows
Question: Better membrane homogeneity control of crystal-circle or gap areas at the process formulation level through the creation of a unique second-opposite control technology, with better rates of containment, key plating steps, including pillar, bump and rdl, which can be applied to advanced multi-channel containments, and infan-out, tsv (throughsiliconvia) and tmv (throughmoldingvia) processes, where electroplating equipment for advanced back lane seals has been introduced
Third-generation semiconductor plating equipment (ultraecpgii): support of semiconductor compounds (sic,gan) and gazine (gaas) crystal-class seals, as well as bulk processes of inches and v-cell crystals, combined with company-invented second-yang and high-speed grid technology, optimalness
Yes. The manufacturing process for semiconductors of compounds is limited in automation and limited in production. Most plating processes in the industry are carried out with less uniform vertical plating equipment, and the newly developed ultraecpgiii horizontal plating facility in the United States overcomes these two difficulties to meet the ever-increasing production and advanced performance needs of semiconductors of compounds.
Semiconductor plating: U.S. Lanresearch, a monopoly of applications, and U.S. national production of U.S. plating equipment is currently dominated by U.S. Lam. According to data from China’s International Tender Network, the leading 12-inch crystalline production line in the country is now in the order of winning numbers, in which the U.S. and U.S. Shanghai lead copper-plating countries.
In the field of advanced containment equipment, major global equipment dealers include appliedmerials and lasrearch, ebara in Japan, and asmpacific in Singapore. In the area of advanced containment equipment in the rear lanes, major global equipment dealers include appliedmerials and lamresearch in the United States, ebara in Japan, and asmpacific in Singapore; and in domestic enterprises, the American semiconductor differs for advanced containment processes.
Development, resolving the challenge of achieving smooth plating under larger plating fluid flows, through the original second-yangode control technology that allows for better membrane homogeneity control at the level of the formulation of crystal-circle horizons or gap areas, which improves the encapsulation rate.