The company recently published its semi-annual report for 2017: the company achieved operating income of $685 million, up from the same period the previous year.
58.27 per cent net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $305 million, an increase of 63.97 per cent from the previous year, corresponding to $4.67 per cent for the ps.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $685 million, an increase of 58.27 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to:
At the same time, the company’s strategy in large client business is to increase the depth of its cooperation with existing clients and help them succeed by meeting their business depth needs, thereby further improving the sales and stickyness of existing customers; and further developing new customers.
Rapid growth, further upswing in corporate business. A leading firm in the domestic unified communications terminal market, a two-wheel-drive company in cip and vcs, is the leading global provider of Internet-based unified communications terminal solutions with high recognition.
At the same time, companies use their own distribution models to use the global network of distributors in 106 countries and locations on six continents.
During the reporting period, the company continued to optimize the quality of the channel, moving forward with the potential areas, investing resources to sink further beyond the channel, increasing the short-range and overlaying capacity to boost the sales. During the reporting period, the company continued to implement its end-use strategy and introduced a new end-of-life strategy for vcs.
\triangleright \triangleright
The company ' s current net fund-raising is expected to be $1,589 million, with four fund-raising investment projects, of which (1) the upgrading and industrialization of the unified communications terminal could further leverage the corporate technology, product, R & D, brand and product clusters and optimize the corporate unified communications end product structure; and (2) the development and production of a high-quality videoconferencing system.
The industrialization project will complete a number of high-resolution videoconferencing system end-products, form a combination of products oriented to different application scenarios and provide participants with high-quality video experience: (3) R & D and cloud computing centre construction projects can improve the corporate R & D environment and effectively integrate the existing R & D resources of companies: (4) cloud communications platform construction projects can be launched
Industry users provide a unified communications cloud hosting service that facilitates seamless communication between users and the company's unified communications terminals Research assistant: Masson conversion and overall synergy through hardware terminals such as cip, dect, vcs, various software terminals and cloud services
Integrated deployment of s0101607057 to help enterprises build an internal integrated communications ecosystem.
The communications market is high, the domestic communications terminals are uniform, the communications market is not capable of maintaining a high profile; the development of the vcs system is hampered; and there is a risk of loss on exchange.
Yang Jian, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People ' s Masson, communications research assistant, business management master ' s degree, graduated from the University of Hoyoji, and joined the civil securities in 2016.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.