South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: Biannual report of 2017 published by the BWN, during which the company achieved operating income of 685 million yuan.
The same-year increase of 58.27 per cent, resulting in a net return of $305 million, or 63.97 per cent, for the same period; net FTA+ centralized procurement plus channel sales, with cost control shaping high profitability. During the reporting period, companies continued to increase R & D spending, optimize product structure and enhance market competitiveness; and further deepen the FTA+ concentration.
The business model for purchasing + channel sales reduces production costs, reduces sales costs, achieves sales costs by 5.07 per cent, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points from the same year to 7.08 per cent from the same year, a decrease of 1.4 percentage points from the same year, and, as a result of changes in the exchange rate of the renminbi, the company incurs greater losses in exchange rates, resulting in higher financial costs, which are expected to fall below
In the first half of the year, companies performed well on both old and new product lines, with high growth rates, cost controls, 63.1% of the Māori and 44.6% of the net profit. Five times the current size, the market space is far above expectations.
After Polycom, China has a market share of 29%, and a new opportunity has been developed with the second-largest, China’s first-ever positive video distribution vcs and cloud service platforms. In recent years, the Unified Month has been successfully marketed, raising $1.59 billion, of which 66.7% was used for videoconferencing systems and cloud platforms.
During the reporting period, the company formed two independent vcs sales teams and launched a new product, vcs flagship vc800, vcs solution, which is better developed to achieve a Māori ratio of 74.58%, yielding a similar rate of 57.45% and increasing industry status. In the long run, vcs and cloud platforms are new to the company.
The growth point will bring new opportunities for corporate development and hopefully support stable growth in corporate performance over the long term. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Assumption 1: companies maintain their competitive edge within the industry, UTC upgrades and industrialization projects successfully reached production in 2020, and sip products maintained high growth; Assumption 2: corporate ipo fund-raising projects are progressing well, vcs products have stabilized their initial Māori rate later and sales are stable
Assumption 3: The construction of the company cloud platform and the cloud computing centre is progressing well: Assumption 4: The company ' s raw material prices are relatively stable and the renminbi exchange rate does not fluctuate significantly, on the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.