Hi4-z technology advances into the cross-country market, and intelligence is expected to accelerate the drive-in.
• A small increase in the q3 camp conglomerates, with exchange loss/new vehicle roll-out costs leading to a small drop in net profits of $1 billion, i.e. +108.8 per cent, and a single q3 revenue of $50,825 million, i.e. +2.6 per cent/4.7 per cent, resulting in a significant increase in financial costs and higher marketing promotion costs associated with the listing of Blue Mount Wei and Hafh9
In view of the small decline in company q3 performance, trade barriers in overseas markets, etc., we have revised our 2024-2026 annual high-end brands and overseas operations continuously, and the average price of the bicycles has been re-innovated. The company q3 has sold 294,000 new vehicles, ring + 3.4%, with 79,000 new energy vehicles sold, same ring ratio.
Ten thousand vehicles, plus 20.9 per cent for the same ring, respectively, mainly: (1) overseas sales of 123,000 vehicles, compared with sales of more than 10,000 vehicles, amounting to 72,000 vehicles, representing an increase of 8.9 per cent in the same year, of which the sales of tank brands increased by 16.3 per cent on the same basis;
On 22 October, the Wall launched a new four-way technology – hi4-z – aimed primarily at users in the first-time off-road circles, using urban footsteps and outdoor pavement, with a marked increase in oil conservation, feed-in performance, and 200 km of pure electrical renewal to meet the city’s needs for a week’s travel. As a result, tanks use hi4-t on a scale in the strong off-country market.
In this context, he4-z is expected to increase its competitiveness in the cross-country field. Meanwhile, the company’s city, Noa, is already waiting for nine cities to be secured, while the coffeeos machine, July-September, was ranked first in the game of the United Nations Rabbit, The Tank Brands and Overseas Business.
The speed-up of developments in the field - company updates - 6108 sales in September of the Blue Mountain driver's page with the above-mentioned features are expected to be followed by different configurations - 2024.8.30.
In addition, the company's eco-seaing is accelerating and will continue to do so. Tank brands and overseas operations are strong, the Bureau now has a more profitable model and promotes more products to the sea, and q3 Malay/Indonesiackd projects are invested.
Intelligentity in the future - company information update product, signed by the kd/Viet Namckd project in Senegal, overseas operations are expected to continue to be important growth points in performance.
"The heavy weight of the car in Beijing is on display, it's new, it's engine-upper user experience -- company update."