High-end accelerated the steady growth of the sea, and the volume of tank sales was stable at the same rate as the volume of Hover sales. The company sold 127,000 vehicles in November, compared to the same amount of \triangleright.
In November, Huff's sales volume was up, with 78,000 in wholesale sales, i.e. +4.5%, ring sales + 7.9%; in January-November, the cumulative volume of 6.23 million in bulk, i.e. 4.1%, was higher end-of-end, with $200,000 on board for the November sale of 31,000 vehicles, i.e. + 36.7%, and with the warm sale of the New Blue Mount Wei in the Wall, the company,
In November 2024, the gwm brand was launched in Colombia.
1. The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) series reviews XVII: "Intelligent company fuel and hybrid products are highly competitive in overseas markets with high-quality product power.
In November, the Great Wall vehicle and China signed the \triangleright month, the tank 500hi4-z officially opened a pre-sale with a new decomposition four-drive hei4-z platform.
The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) series gives a 15-point rating: Wltc works at a distance of more than 200 km, while supporting fast-loading technology of up to 163 kW, adding 120 km in 15 minutes. 2024 is the New Year of Urban Auxiliary Driving.
The Division is expected to seize the opportunity of technological change and bring about an increase in sales through intelligent technology and product dynamics. Investment proposal: The domestic and foreign diffusion of new corporate products is well under way, new cycles of smart electricization are on, new energy 5.
\triangleright Expected; not as fast as expected and risks associated with EU tariffs.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.