"Intelligent + Off-Rover" power highlights the high level of high-end innovation out of the sea, and on November 02nd, 2024, the sales of the  tank decreased by the same year, and Hover's sales stabilized.
Compared to 111.1 per cent, the ring ratio increased by 7.8 per cent and the cumulative wholesale volume of 971,000 vehicles in January-October was 971,000, corresponding to 2.5 per cent in October; of these, the volume of tanks sold in October, as compared to 21.2 per cent in the sub-brand, decreased on a year-on-year basis, the volume of tanks sold was 19,000 in October, the volume of circulation was increased by a month-on-month scale, and the volume of wholesale sales was 73,000 vehicles, corresponding to 7.7 per cent, the ring ratio was 15.5 per cent and the cumulative period January-October
30 million vehicles, +12.7 per cent of the year, showed strong tank-based high-end products in the Great Wall in 2024, and the growth of overseas sales continued with a steady increase in globalization. In October 2024, corporate overseas wholesaled sales \triangleright \triangleright
A total of 369,000 vehicles, +49.2 per cent of the same year, were officially listed in Saudi Arabia in October 2024. We believe that the company ' s fuel and hybrid products are of high quality and highly competitive in overseas markets.
Watch the company’s overseas layout accelerates a sustained upturn in sales. The “smart + cross-country” power highlights the steady expansion of high-end markets. October 2024, the Great Wall tank \triangleright
Autumn technology launch will be held, with a completely new dual-power mixing shi4-z positioning super-long cruise platform, 4. The Great Wall Cars (60133.sh) series reviews 13: go to the market to open up high-end markets with excellence. 2024 will be the Year of Urban Auxiliary Drivers, and the company expects it to do so.
5. Grand Wall Cars (60133.sh) series XII: Business seizes opportunities for technological change and leads to higher sales through smart technology and product dynamics. Investment advice: new corporate domestic and foreign roll-out is progressing well, new cycles of smart electricization are opening, new energy is opening.
\triangleright anticipates; sea travel progress is slower than expected and EU tariff-related risks. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.