The Mango Supermix (300413.sz) platform operates with content production, and new technologies are being marketed for eco-upgrading.
25 April 2020 The company published its annual report for 2019 on 25 April, which achieved business income of $12,500,06642,000, an increase of 29.40 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $115,685,300 attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of the same amount.
q4 performed well and the scale of operations increased to accounts receivable. 1) 19q4 companies achieved operating income of $4,269 million, an increase of 72.61 per cent from the previous year, an increase of 56.49 per cent from the ring and a net return profit of $182 million. Cost controls were good over the period of the company, with sales, management, R & D, and financial costs of 17.12 per cent, respectively.
1 year and within; net cash flow from corporate operations during the reporting period was $293 million, corresponding to growth in liquidity a/total equity (millions): driven by precision and precision positioning, the platform ' s membership and advertising grew rapidly during the reporting period.
Leisure Sunshine achieved operating income of $8,109 million, an increase of 44.63 per cent, a net profit of $969 million, an increase of 36.45 per cent. 2) Excerptated content and vertical user operations drive, combined with brand marketing, heterogeneity, etc., fee-paying membership conversion, with Mangotv paying membership of 18.37 million, an increase of 70.88 per cent.
Basic data: 31 March 2020: Members earned $1.69 billion in business, an increase of 102 per cent over the same period. 3) Advertising, based on a multi-content matrix, combined with the advantages of client resources, global marketing capacity and the like, achieved a revenue of $3.35 billion, a 39 per cent increase over the year.
The number of brands placed amounted to 489, an increase of 50.93 per cent, and the multi-cultural team created 33 online programmes throughout the year, which created a multi-multicultural picture with its core, vertical features, and built on its core competitiveness, with excellent performances such as the head ip, The Romantic Travel of the Wives, etc.
In the past reporting period, we've seen more than 30 home-made dramas, such as "Leave you to the top of the world" and "Nihoboss to marry me" and "Air Slash" and other stories such as Mango Entertainment.
External strategic collaboration has been vigorously pursued, with 15 internal and external video studios, upgrading of high-quality content-covering new layout technologies, new marketing, and ecological upgrading of the Mango whole-sector chain.
20th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, integrating the Happy Sunshine Operators Network Centre, the Smart Hardware Centre, the new Wisdom Big Screen Center, and opening up Shanxi Securities Inc.
The Court's wisdom is centred on multiple screen interactions, multiple scenes of consumption; exploration around smart video visualization, optical technology, ar/vr, 5g holograms, and the use of ai applications and big data analysis applications to technologically drive content production, platform operation and channel extension.) In new marketing, Mangotv launched the "Big" version.
The Man Plan, which builds a kol, mcn matrix, creates a central platform for creators and integrates new media platforms, media electronics platforms within the ecology, and comprehensively upgrades the platform's new marketing system. 3) In addition, companies are more active in other content chains such as artist brokers, music copyrights, games distribution and interactive plays, and ip derivatives development.
Multi-channel synergies, media retailing innovation to reverse the loss of eco-effects from the entire industrial chain, under-epidemiology-led online entertainment consumption, q1 continued growth. 1) The company announced 20q1 on the same day to achieve \triangleright
Business income of $2.727 billion increased by 9.74 per cent the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $480 million, an increase of 14.82 per cent the same year.) q1 was catalyzed by the epidemic, iptv and ott screen users returned, and demand for entertainment increased online.
questmobile shows an average increase of 25% per day for the spring festival of Mango tv and an average increase of 150 million or more per month for q January.) Although some of the progress in the production of comprehensive art has been slowed by the epidemic, the company has been well-breathed throughout the year and has expanded its stock of about 40 items, with the prospect of full implementation in 2020.
Investment proposals: Long-line viewing companies in the vertical field of Internet video tracking, combined with platform operation and built-in strength is a core competitiveness, with a continuous upgrading of mango ecology through the deployment of 5g, kol, mcn, etc. There is a risk that members will not grow as expected, visual and overall production will not progress as expected, and advertising demand will decline.
Table 2: Mango super-media operations in the main camp 2019 Table 3: Change in cost of mango super-media in 2019 Table 4: Analysis of Mongo super-media single-quarter profit changes
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.