Internet information services/Internet media/media - strong growth in performance, unleashing ecological synergies in the entire industrial chain
In the first quarter of 2020, companies achieved operating income of 2,727 million yuan, or 9.74 per cent more than in the previous quarter; and in the second quarter of 2020, the net return to mothers of 480 million yuan, or 14.82 per cent more.
The growth in Internet video business has been strong, with members ' income surging. In 2019, the public sector generated $5,044 million in Internet video business, an increase of 56.46 per cent. Of that amount, the public announcement generated $3.35 billion, an increase of 39 per cent, and members generated $1.69 billion, a surge.
In advertising, companies continue to build a worldwide advertising marketing system, using big data analysis to achieve accurate placement and enhance the effect of advertising. In 2019, companies advertised 489 brands, an increase of 50.93%.
Actively promote migration and transformation of ordinary platform users to pay-for-member users with high quality and precision content; continue to strengthen the 1+9 membership rights system under the line to enhance the viscous and value contributions of stock members; and achieve online and bottom-to-line 3Ds through branding activities to attract
At the end of 2019, the number of paid members amounted to 18.37 million, an increase of 70.88 per cent over the same year. The operator’s business maintained a steady growth and launched the smart screen key layout. In 2019, the company’s operator’s business achieved business income of $1,275 million, an increase of 33.31 per cent over the same period.
The Division consolidated the network centre for happy sunshine, the smart hardware centre, the new big screen centre, the key layout for multiscreen interaction with the big screen of wisdom, and the realization of Li Zhiwei.
At the same time, market development has been stepped up to extend the experience gained by the three main platforms of Hunaniptv in terms of experience, content, technology, etc., to the national market in late 2019.
iptv covers 31 provincial administrative regions, including Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang, and covers users, focusing on quality content production and the new industry-wide partnership model for active ip. In 2019, the company ' s new interactive media content production business generated $3.902 billion in revenue, a year-on-year increase.
The Great Wall Swe Securities Company Ltd., in 2019, created its own self-made mango-specific picture with a focus on "pro-mixed art" at its core; and a television playr.
In 2019, the company ' s own + external video studios reached 15, mangotv went on to write more than 30 self-editorial plays, and the company vigorously pursued a strategic external cooperation strategy to achieve a new model for upgrading the ip industry chain from copyright procurement.
Corporate research: Mango Supermix (300413) Creates a new environmental closure of the media, unleashing ecological synergies in the entire industrial chain.
The Mangotv Internet video platform actively expands the whole industry chain up and down, serving the Internet video platform in the artist ' s business chain discipline, music copyright, game distribution, interactive play, ip derivative development, media retailing and interconnection
We believe that the company’s multi-dip layout in the entire media chain is conducive to enhancing business synergies and enhancing the ability of the ip to realize, thereby further upgrading the new technology of the forward-looking layout and the continuous upgrading of the operating platform. Companies insist on technology-driven approaches.
In 2019, the company set up a joint laboratory with Shanghai University of Technology to develop research cooperation around smart video visualization, optical technology, ar/vr, 5g holograms, etc.
Aai applications and big data analysis applications to increase the efficiency of the platform ' s operations, access to current current market rates in the Internet Information Services industry (ttm, overall approach, elimination of negative values) in terms of reduction of user-to-house messages, improvement in the accuracy of content delivery and the length of user viewing.
For 46.60 times, the company's Internet video platform is growing rapidly and actively down the industry chain, and we believe that the company's current valuation still has some room for upswing, thus maintaining its industry's competitive risks; membership increases faster than expected; copyright defects; and piracy.
Risks; failure to examine risks, etc. The following is the criterion for the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities in the six months following the reporting date:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;