"Sisters in the Wind" vision: "Industrialization in the Xue Xiao Xiao Xing" on May 31, 2020, which helped the Mango tv platform break the circle.
Events: Mangotv's latest amphibious show, Sisters on the Wave, is expected to be officially launched on June 12th. Since the contestants are all women star performers with a topic that has not been aired before the launch, we have conducted some forward analysis of this amphibious programme:
A woman who was born before 1990 and who, through training and testing, finally selected five members to form a women's group, the characteristics of which are summarized in two main ways: (1) an older actress; and (2) a woman's group.
During the period, with Super Woman as the original candidate show, emphasis was placed on hard-line performances and professional selections; (2) 2.0 periods, with " Good Voice of China " as the representative, while highlighting the ability of the players to perform, the festivals were more descriptive, and the programme reinforced the interaction of the players with their coaches, their players and their viewers; (3)
3.0 The group of idols, represented by Creation 101 and Illustrative Practice Students, developed a class selection show, in which coaches became coaches, programmes developed a selection mechanism centred on the interaction of players and fans, and the fans ' operation + show mode matured.
3.0 Xu Xiao Xin, based on the content pattern of the Internet, has changed the presentation of the show with a strong interactive nature, and has also influenced the selection mechanism. In 2005, Lee won 3.52 million votes, in 2018, Chai Xu Quints, 47.664 million votes, and the fans were more and more interactive.
The essence of this is that the post-flow-dividend talent is becoming more industrialized and more restrictive.
Articism, 30 actresses are born with their own topics and flows, and the show is a process that activates the flow of operating stocks rather than nurturing them. In essence, the show slogan's 30-and-a-half-year-old is in sharp contrast to the Super Woman's Voice, "Singing, Sing, Sing."
The theme of the programme reflects the resonance of the current times in the rapidly changing social environment and audience needs.
As expected, the platform’s operations remain robust, with the help of mangotv users breaking the circle.
Of the three types of art, "Friends listen " tgi for women/men 148.24/51.02, " Star Big Detective " tgi for women/men " tgi for women 131.45.68.07, " Wives ' romantic annual earnings are higher than expected, video business as a whole "
The number of female/male users of tgi is 148.5/50.75, and the three programmes are the oldest tgi. 2020-03-02 are all under 19 years of age.
iii. Mango Supermoment (300413); Performance meets expectations, q4 headline concentration  maintenance of the “buy-in” rating: Mangotv is independent as part of the introduction and combing of the previous team
Line-driven platform growth 2019-10-29.