The Mango super-media (300413) has a great stock of videos, and the Mango is planning to open a new growth pole, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: The company issued a performance forecast, with a projected net return profit of $430-490 million for 2020q1, an increase of 2.9 to 17.2 per cent over the same period, and an increase in membership during the epidemic or an increase in the company's long-term advertising value.
Some of the company’s projects were postponed, some advertising customers were unable to sell, resulting in a small number of withdrawals and delays, and advertising was affected, resulting in a decline in the net profit growth ring for the first quarter. Meanwhile, the spring break period was extended, the user’s leisure time was raised, the company’s online video was used for long periods, and the living room was open.
Both the rate and the length of time have been raised, the membership business has been pulled up, and the operator’s business has been up. Since its arrival on 26 February, the art and thought screening index of 78.7 has become the fourth largest television drama in February. As of 8 April, Happiness is the next stop with 1.530 billion over-readings and high heat on social platforms.
In the case of art, according to Ye Eun data, in 2020q1, Singer, " Listen to Our Bands " , " Star Trek 5 " , " Star Trek " , " 3-7th and 9th place, respectively, in the case of the edifice index, the advantages of the company ' s edifice are further consolidated.
In August 2019, the company launched the Mango project, which is expected to be made available through Mangotv, the Happy Buying Platform & User & Advertising Masters, and the ability to create content.
Enabling, and eventually branding, is expected to lead to a second growth in corporate advertising. • Cost regulation and platform value are constantly rising: 1) The one-stop screen (cell phone, pd, pc, iptv, ott) strategy, and the content distribution strategy enable the company to maximize its income. 2020q1, company own.
In the wake of the epidemic, the company’s advertising business is under short-term pressure, and it provides the foundation for the company’s follow-up advertising business, thanks to the significant growth of the Mango tv platform dau.
In the context of the public opinion-oriented role of the mainstream media, it is considered that 1. Mango supermedia (300413): Increased input and long-sightedness
The online video platform, backed by the Hunan Wire, is expected to develop even further: (2) the Great Mang Plan opens up a wide range (2019-10-29) of the second development channel for the operation; and (3) the overall art advantage is maintained, the visual reserve is rich, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
2. Mango excess media (300413): cost control, ecological success, taking over the main position (2019-08-30); increased risk of regulation of audio-visual content on the Internet; failure to respond to expected risks.
3. Mango excess media (300413): move in union, performance 4. Mango supermedia (300413): continuing overall arts advantage, high growth in membership and advertising (2019-04-30)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.