The power of the crystals (300316.sz) [Telecom Deep] crystals (300316): 100-foot poles go even further.
The creation of the name of the Long Crystal King, 1.49 billion yuan and 387 million yuan, representing an increase of 78.55 per cent and 89.76 per cent, respectively, and a quarterly increase in the net return and the net return to the mother, which reached 691 million in the fourth quarter, respectively.
And $134 million, a record single-season profit. In the first quarter of 2018, companies built on it, collecting and returning net profits of $566 million and $135 million, respectively, an increase of 53.25 per cent over the same period, with 1,454 million in contracts not yet ready for delivery.
The new GPR does not affect the pace of global monocrystal substitution, and the demand for monocrystals is stable, and the main domestic monocrystals will expand in 2018. Lungi capacity will rise from 15gw at the end of 2017 to 28gw, and will increase further to 45gw by 2020, with a central ring capacity.
Up to 23gw, the global single crystal penetration rate will increase further from 33% in 2017 to 40%. Meanwhile, we expect a global photovoltaic builder to rise to 86gw in 2018-2020, with semiconductor upstream equipment manufacturers benefiting first.
The company has invested $500 million in middle-cycle lead semiconductor materials, Ltd., in the development and production of large silicon tablets. The project was co-invested by the China-ring, Tin-free Industry Development Group and the Transistor Power Company, with a planned investment of $3 billion. In July this year, the company's winning bid was semi-guided.
The Silicon Project, with a contract value of more than 400 million, with 360 million semiconductor monocrystals, is a sign that the company's 8-inch semiconductor monocrystals already have in-house leadership. In the future, as the company's 12-inch semiconductor monocrystals are received and scaled up, the company will become a single semiconductor in the country.
The rise in the demand for silicon tablets will greatly benefit leading equipment companies in the state of foreign monopolies and domestic gaps, and the national production of silicon tablets is on the rise.
The data show that after the completion of the current silicon construction project, more than 2 million silicon inch/month will be completely import-dependent, respectively. Market space is expected to reach 2.2 billion yuan and 9.3 billion yuan for the 8- and 12-inch single-crystal, respectively.
1. The domestic light-voltage machine will slow down in the future due to a large base over the past two years, while factors such as price policies that are not as high as expected in terms of access to the Internet;
From 2018 to 2020, the single-crystal power market stabilized at 23%. The market view is that, after the PV 5.31 New Deal, corporate orders will fall short of expectations, while semiconductors will release them.
In our view, China’s photovoltaic industry is the leading industry in the world and should be considered and analysed in terms of global demand. From the global monochrystal alternative market space, single crystals can be fully satisfied with the orders of leading equipment firms.
The company has over 3 billion orders in hand, and the monocrystal furnaces are strong enough to guarantee a smoothing of the company's photovoltage during the pre-price pain period, and there will be greater market space for the development of the photo-pair price. Moreover, the company's semiconductor monocrystal is a unique country in the field of semiconductor monocrystals, and the country's large silicon project is now on its way, and the State supports the semiconductor industry.
It is clear to you that the upper end of the equipment in the semiconductor sector will be the first to benefit, and that technological advantages and pre-emptive advantages will provide a guarantee for the continued growth of the company’s future performance.
Two, 12 inches of semiconductor monocrystals are well under way, corresponding to 24 x, 22 x and 20 x, taking into account the company's leading position in the monocrystal field and the fact that the domestic PV parity rate in the semiconductor area is not as high as expected.
The rate of expansion of domestic crystal-crystal manufacturers is lower than expected, or the rate of R & D by domestic equipment manufacturers is lower than expected, leading to a shift in the import substitution point.
Transistor power is a leading, internationally advanced, high-technology enterprise in crystalline silicon growth equipment, smart processing equipment development, manufacturing, and sapphire materials production. Corporate products are mainly used in new industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, and led.
With the expansion of downstream producers in the photovoltaic market, the recognition of monocrystal technology routes and the continuous increase in market share, the company handed over a beautiful response in 2017, with net returns and returns of $1.949 billion and $387 million, respectively, representing an increase of 78.55 per cent and 89.76 per cent, respectively, and a rise in the quarterly returns and returns of net returns to the mothers, and a rise in the fourth quarter.
Net gains amounted to 691 million and 134 million respectively, a record single-season high, of which 1,572 million yuan was earned on long-crystal equipment, an increase of 13,289 per cent, $199 million on smart processing equipment and $94 million on sapphire materials. At the same time, the company semiconductor used monocrystal growth and related processing.
In 2017, the company contracted a total of 3,657 million yuan for long crystals and smart equipment, a total of 1,887 million yuan for unfinished contracts and a total of 105 million yuan for unfinished semiconductor crystal growth and intelligent processing for equipment.
In the first quarter of 2018, the company built on its efforts to collect and return net profits of 566 million yuan and 135 million yuan, respectively, of which 942 million yuan was the contract for all shipments, 617 million yuan was the contract for partial shipments and 1,454 million yuan was the contract for goods that had not yet been delivered. Of this amount, 139 million yuan was the contract for semiconductor equipment.
The company began to operate in the semiconductor sector in 2017, and in the first quarter of 2018, with the more profitable semiconductors, the share of crystallized equipment starting to rise, the company's Māori ratio rose by 1 percentage point to 39.37 per cent compared to 2017, and the net interest rate increased.
Zhejiang Jingxeng Electric Co. Ltd. was created in December 2006 by Utsumi Electric Engineering Co. Ltd., which changed in a holistic manner. The company is a high-tech company with a high-end semiconductor equipment and led-lined material with a mandate to “develop a green intelligent high-tech manufacturing industry”.
The division is the controlling shareholder of the company, which is effectively controlled by Ms. Kewminsu and Mr. Cao Jianwei, as well as by Ms. Kew Min-soo and Mr. Cao Jianwei, who are the company’s actual controllers and co-actors. The company’s main business is divided into three main sectors: crystalline silicon growth equipment, smart processing equipment, and sapphire materials.
Crystal silicon growth equipment is divided into two parts: photovoltaic and semiconductor. The main products are fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, polysilica casts, saffron furnaces, sapphire crystals, silicon single furnaces, single-crystal rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, single-crystal silicon rods, multi-crystal silicon grinders, silicon single-line cutters, silicone block single cutters, silicone crystals, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon
The company’s products are mainly used in emerging industries with better market prospects, such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, etc. (ii) business analysis.
The Māori rate for the main product reached 39.07% and the cost control was better, and the Māori rate remained high. In the first quarter of 2018, the net profit on corporate revenue and return to the mother was $566 million and $135 million, respectively, increasing by more than 4 percentage points to 23.46% per year.
In the last two years, the company ' s Māori ratio has declined since its highs in 2015, but as the more profitable semiconductor industry has been phased out, the company ' s Māori rate will probably pick up again in the future. In the first quarter of 2018, the company ' s Māori ratio remained strong compared to 2017, with a 53gw build-up, an increase of 53%.
This represents 65% of the world’s new loads, maintaining the world’s first new load for five consecutive years, and the world’s largest aggregate load for three consecutive years. At the same time, with the rise of the integrated circuit industry to the national strategic level, corporate semiconductor equipment and domesticization are gaining momentum.
61.9% of the year went back to 80.7%. In 2017, a total of 1,126 crystal silicon growing devices were sold, of which 1,046 were fully automated silicon growing stoves and 80 were multi-silic silicon casting furnaces. In terms of Maori, the rate of Maori for crystal silicon growing equipment was relatively high, at over 40%.
Māori rates are around 30% and 10%, respectively. Starting in 2017, companies combined photovoltage-smart processing equipment with led-smart processing equipment into smart processing equipment caliber disclosure. Photovoltage-smart processing equipment continued to grow, while led-intelligent processing equipment decreased its sales in view of the upgrading of the photovoltaic industry and the opening up of new business.
Supported by a stable macroeconomic environment and a more dynamic industrial development environment, the firm's firm's firm mission is to “develop a green, intelligent, high-tech manufacturing industry” and is committed to the development strategy of “advanced materials, advanced equipment” R & D. In 2017, the company invested $16,480.1 million in R & D, representing 8.46 per cent of operating income, R & D
With 389 personnel, R & D costs and the number of R & D personnel growing at a double rate. Companies insist on technology R & D as an engine for business development. During the industry downturn in 2013, they still invested more than $30 million in R & D, accounting for more than 17 per cent of the total revenue for the year.
In 2017, the company further optimized the investment profile of the semiconductor industry by setting up a fully-owned subsidiary in Japan, setting up a centre for offshore research and development, conducting technology exchanges and collaboration with internationally recognized companies such as Qi Tent, Japan, Revasum USA, and pre-positioning trends in national production of semiconductor key materials and equipment.
At the same time, the company has invested $500 million in middle-ring semi-conductor materials, a project co-invested by the China-Cultural Development Group and our own company, which plans to invest $3 billion in meeting the growing demand for our country.
The company also invested in the establishment of Zhejiang Crystal New Materials Ltd., Zhejiang Jingde Electronics Ltd., to speed up the incubation and nurturing of new products. With regard to sapphire materials, the company has steadily promoted investment in the sapphire industry in order to develop super-sized blue Treasures.
The development of crystallized growth equipment and processes led to technological upgrades and lower costs in the industry, gradual conversion of R&D advantages into market advantages, significant improvements in the competitiveness of sapphire materials, and continued expansion of the market.
Long furnaces, the topic “Development of national production equipment for silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone” was officially approved by the Group of Experts on Receiving and Inspection in Tianjin in April 2017. New products such as single crystal silicone grinder, single crystallized silicone roller, silicone cutter, full automatic silicone polisher, double-face grinder, etc. have been successfully developed at the 6-12 inch semiconductor level.
At the same time, the company has developed a fully automated stacking machine for high-efficiency solar components. Weldless designs can reduce the internal loss of components and effectively increase their power while significantly reducing the risk of hot spot effects and increasing the stability of their power generation. At the same time, the company’s new product is light.
The company’s large-scale sapphire crystal growth technology has made ground-breaking progress, with 300-kg-scale high-quality sapphire crystals growing successfully in 2017 and 450-kg-grade sapphire crystals developed again in January 2018.
The company has also customized and developed its memes management system, which promotes the full process coverage of production management models, supply chains, and logistics information. Meanwhile, research and development on single crystals and multi-crystal silicon automatic production lines will continue to be stepped up, and industrial 4.0 smart factories will be actively built, and Internet intelligent manufacturing and production will be promoted.
Figure 11: Melting silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch area of crystals, crystals motor power-efficient gas-cooling patent technology (iii) Core competitive advantage
1. Technology and continuous innovation capabilities 22 patents. Based on the photovoltaic technology route “Improving the efficiency of photovoltaic conversion and reducing the cost of generating electricity”, companies are gaining technological breakthroughs through research on efficient single crystallization and efficient multi-chip casting.
A number of domestic and international innovations, such as continuous feeders, independent control of dual-power sources, air-cooling devices, full-automatic semi-melting and efficient insinuations, have led the development of silicon crystals at the national level with “all-automatic, high-performance, efficient and low-energy consumption”, internationally advanced full-automatic single-crystal series products and jsh800 gas-cooling multi-crystal products have been rated as national priorities by each of the four ministries.
New products, extended development of PV cells and component end-processing equipment, and cut into PV and led industrial 4.0 automation courses on the development of 300-mm silicon single-crystal straight growth equipment and the development of national production equipment for silicon single-crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone, major national science and technology projects undertaken by the company
The company has successfully developed new products, such as semiconductor single crystal silicon rollers, single crystal silicon cutters, fully automated silicon silicon polishers, double-face grinders, with a growing product structure that has created silicon silicon silicon growth in semiconductors.
The company has introduced advanced equipment from abroad, strengthened technology in high-end precision processing, and created a large, high-vacuum, sophisticated parts manufacturing base with a high-quality technology and product. The company has successfully mastered the international leadership by laying the key links to sapphire material production and grinding and grinding.
The 300-kg-sized, 450-kg-class sapphire crystals growth technology, with the sapphire business becoming more cost-competitive and gradually becoming larger-scale, investing in the production of large silicon tablets without tin integrated circuits, moving companies from a single manufacturer of equipment to an international leading supplier of equipment based on “advanced materials, advanced equipment” and a manufacturer of crystal materials.
The company has a strong technology research and development and management team with professors, PhDs and masters at its core, as well as a highly specialized, applied and executed team of skilled workers with deep knowledge of crystallized silicon growing techniques for manufacturing and crystallized growth techniques, which form the basis for continuous technological and product innovation by the company.
The company, while focusing on the introduction and development of skilled personnel, has increased the introduction and development of good management skills, and has strengthened the overall quality of its workforce in the areas of training of personnel, performance appraisals, party organization and intellectual development, and the cultural heritage of companies.
The stability of the cadre of workers has increased the motivation and ownership of the workforce.3 The brand influence and client advantage of the company has been supported by continuous technological innovation, product quality and professionalism since its inception.
Services, good brand visibility in the high-end clients of the solar photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, higher reputations in the industry, and corporate branding in the field of sapphire materials. The company’s main clients are the leading listed or state-owned companies in the industry, and these major clients have been working with the company for many years on a strategic basis.
The relationship, which has built deep mutual trust and cooperation, has had a positive impact on sales returns, defence industry fluctuations, the promotion of deeper and broader operations, and technical cooperation.
The crystal growth equipment is at the front end of the industrial chain and is the core device for processing multi-crystal silicon raw materials into silicon sticks and then into single-crystal silicon tablets. The downstream applications of single-crystal silicon are mainly photovoltile and semiconductors, which can be divided by use into semiconductor-level single-crystal silicon and photovoltile-class single silicon.
Semiconductor level single crystal silicon (generally 11 “9” or more) requires much more purity than photovolatile single silicon (generally 6 “9” or more). Multichip is used mainly in the field of photovoltaics. So crystal growth devices are divided into single crystals and multi-crystal silicon silicon casting furnaces.
(i) The competitive pattern of the multi-crystal silicon casting furnace industry, which is mainly used for the preparation of solar photovoltaic cells, although the crystals prepared by the multi-crylic silicon casting furnace are less efficient and the PV conversion of silicon material is less efficient, but the multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon furnaces are less efficient than the straight-drawn single-crystal technology of the single-crystal growing furnaces
The production of silicon by means of targeted condensation has a certain advantage in terms of production costs and energy consumption. Through technological advances in recent years, straight single crystals have gradually narrowed the cost gap with multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, making single crystal silicon tablets more widely applied in the field of photovoltaics.
In recent years, with the rapid development of our solar photovoltaic industry, the demand for multi-crysilica silicon silicon furnace equipment has grown, especially since 2009, with the country’s market for multi-crysil silicon silicon silicon silicon sulfator furnaces growing rapidly.
Silicon casting and mass production and marketing. Until 2007, the domestic market for multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces had been monopolized by foreign manufacturers. Since 2008, with technological and technological refinements, the national production of multi-crylic silicon casting furnaces has gradually been scaled up and replaced by higher value for money.
Volcano has taken the lead globally, industrial chain links have reached a technologically advanced level, equipment is gradually becoming more competitive (ii) single crystal silicone growth furnaces competition patterns 1, single crystal silicone chain analysis
The downstream application of monocrystal silicon is broader, except for photovoltaics, where it is also a raw material for the manufacture of semiconductor silicon devices, which are used for the production of high-power fixers, high-power transistors, diodes, switches, etc., whose follow-up products are integrated circuits and semiconductor separation units, which are widely applied in various fields. The monocrystal silicon is an important semiconductor material, in photovoltaic conversion, etc.
Traditional semiconductor devices have been used for their applications. Siemens can be used to produce high-purity multi-crystal silicon, and then to use multi-crystal silicon as a raw material, using direct lafa or silica molten zone molten to produce single-crystal silicon bars from the molten body. Single-crystal silicon discs are divided by their diameters of 6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches and 18 inches.
Semiconductor downstream applications Single crystal silicon has a weak conductivity, which is clearly influenced by light, electricity, magnetism, temperature, etc. The conductivity increases with the temperature and has a significant semiconductor properties. Single crystal silicon is an important component of the crystal material.
The cutting edge of new material development. Inserting elements of the iia ethnic group into super-pure monocrystal silicon, such as boron, increases its conductivity and forms a p silicon semiconductor; and adding to trace va elements, such as phosphorus or arsenic, increases its conductivity and forms a n silicon semiconductor. By spreading, using the p semiconductor and the n semiconductor system as the same semiconductor (usually silicon or silicon) as the same semiconductor.
On the matrix, consisting of p-n knots, which have a single-directional conductivity and are characteristic of many devices used in electronic technology. The entire industrial chain of monocrystal silicon is longer, ranging from the most upstream multi-crysilica raw materials and equipment, to single-crysilica silicon silicon silicon silica in the middle, extending to electrical electronic devices downstream, high-efficiency solar photovoltaic cells, radio frequency devices and microelectronic systems,
The raw materials used for multi-crystal silicon are silicon (silicon dioxide), based on hydrochloric acid (or chlorine gas, hydrogen gas) and silicon in the metal industry, which synthesizes coarse silicone (industrial silicon) powder and hydrochloric acid into trichlorohydrosilicon at high temperatures.
It is chemically purified, followed by a multi-level distillation of trichlorohydrosilicon to 9 or more levels of purity and, finally, a super-purified hydrogen in 1050°C silicon core in the original furnace to be restored to a high-purified multi-silicon stick, and then to produce single crystalline silicon silicon with single crystal growth techniques. The electron multi-crysilium silicon (for semiconductor monosilica) and solar energy.
The main difference is in the control of purity, most notably in the distillation process, where the towers of the electron and solar levels vary greatly in number. In the process, the electron level is more demanding than the solar level in raw material purity, piping, piping towers, plant cleaning, etc.
The raw materials of polycrystal silicon are high-purity quartz, the largest reserves in our country, but we have previously returned it to its original metal silicon for sale at a low price, and imported it at a higher price, without making a rational and efficient use of it. The photovoltaic industry has led to the development of the domestic multicrysil silicon industry, which is now the world’s leading solar-grade multicrysilium production.
Solar-grade polycrystal silicon purity is generally 6 “9”, while semiconductor-level polycrystal silicon purity is required to reach 11 “9. In June this year, the first 5,000 tons of electronic polycrystal silicon production line in the Xinhua semiconductor was produced, breaking the long-standing monopoly of high purity multicrysil silicon abroad.
On November 8, the Xinhua semiconductor officially distributed electronic-grade multi-crystal silicon products. Single crystal silicon bars are cut through a series of processes, and single-crystal silicons are prepared in a straight Lafa (cz) way.
F), fz, and expansive, where straight lafa and zone molten are used to prepare single crystald silicon rods. The silicon crystals are used mainly for power semiconductor devices.
The molten surface of the molten body melts together with the crystal of the seed, reverses it, slowly raises it up, and receives single crystal silicon through the process of crystallization, large-scale, shoulder-turning, etc. The regional molten approach is to use heat to produce a melting zone at the end of a semiconductor rod to melt a single crystal. The regulating temperature allows the melting of the single crystal.
The zone moves slowly to the other end of the bar, growing through a whole stick, in a single crystal, in the same direction as the seed crystal. The molten approach is divided into two types: horizontal molten-zone molten-zone molten-zone molten-zone molten-smelting. The former is mainly used for the extraction of materials such as gills, gaas, etc., pure and single crystal-line growth. The latter is in an atmosphere or vacuum chamber, using high-frequency loops to hang single crystals and above them.
As the silicon molten body is fully dependent on its surface tension and on its high-frequency electromagnetism, it is suspended between the silicon bar and the single crystal, so called the silicon molten zone molten process. The silicon silicon preparation is at the heart of the entire industrial chain, and the prevailing market silicon enterprise now has the Japanese Silicon chemistry.
The global silicon industry has a high degree of monopoly, with a combined market share of more than 90% of the world’s top six silicone enterprises in 2016, with Japan’s combined market share of Sino-China and Sumco approaching 60%.
Single crystal silicon growth furnaces are mainly used to pull multi-crystal silicon materials into single-crystal rods. The working principle is that multi-crystal silicon materials are melted with heat and, when the temperature is right, leached, melted, crystalled, shouldered, shouldered and tailed.
In recent years, home-grown single-crystal furnaces have grown rapidly and already account for the vast majority of the country’s market share. First, home-grown monocrystals have been technologically advanced, gradually solving the key technical problems of single-crystal silicon growth furnaces, which can satisfy solar photovoltaic crystals.
Second, home-grown equipment has a clear cost advantage over imported equipment, and the average industry price is only one-third of imported equipment. For example, all-automatic monosilicon grower products produced by crystals and electric power are mainly used by the largest customers in the industry, and sales prices are significantly higher than those of other domestic producers, but they are still sold only at foreign prices.
So far, the primary hit product of the crystals is able to deliver more than 300 kg, and it can pull 12-18 inches of super-sized single crystal silicon rods. In 2007, the company developed its first fully-automatic straight-up single-silicon growth furnace in the country.
(tdr80a-zjs) Breaking the industry pattern of high-end monocrysilica growth stove equipment that has long been monopolized by foreign firms, and taking up the topics of the country's special "300 mm silicon monocrystal straight growth equipment development" and "National production of silicone crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone" in 2009 and 2011 respectively.
In September 2017, the 3,000tdr series of single crystal silicon growth furnaces were lined down at the assembly workshop, making it an important milestone in the manufacture of high-end equipment. The company’s main clients in the semiconductor silicon sector are now the middle-ring leader, the middle-ringer.
There are well-known enterprises, such as semiconductors, Chengzhou, Tianjin Ring Europe and Jin Rieng, with a world-class advanced level of single-crystal silicon growing equipment.
In terms of the industrial chain, solar power generation has certain alternatives in the context of clean energy, and other sources, such as wind power, nuclear power, biomass power, have the same effect of cleaning up and reducing emissions. But as the cost of electricity is decreasing,
In view of rapid distribution growth, photovoltaics will occupy an important place in clean energy generation for some time to come. And, in terms of single crystallines, single crystalline silicon cells have crystal defects compared to other types of solar cells.
In the future, the penetration rate will increase one step further, driven by a pilot program. Given the dependence on single crystal silicon in the semiconductor field, we believe that single crystal silicon does not have large-scale replacements in the long term, and thus single crystal furnaces are less alternative and weaker.
The development of crystallized silicon growth equipment involving multidisciplinary elements such as heat, hydrodynamics, semiconductor materials, electrical, mechanical, computer and control theory is a systematic project consisting mainly of mechanical components, electrical hardware, control software,
The design and development of the thermal structure and crystal growth process. In particular, the automatic control of the stringent environmental parameters required for the development of crystal silicon in closed, low-pressure, high-temperature furnaces requires a full understanding of the conditions of crystallized silicon growth and process technology, as well as extensive industry applications and process design capabilities. As a result, there are high technical barriers in the industry.
The high technical content and complex structure of crystallized silicon growth equipment, which requires a large number of multidisciplinary and multidisciplinary technical personnel with extensive application experience, and the need for specialized installation and technical support services from a team of experienced engineers after their sale to clients, given that crystallized silicon preparation equipment is specialized equipment,
Helping clients maintain the proper use of equipment, and therefore the development of the corresponding talent requires a significant investment in time and cost, which is a major obstacle to the entry of other companies into the industry. Crystal silicon growing equipment is a key production equipment for downstream crystalline silicon material enterprises, with significant investment in equipment, accounting for their total investment.
The high proportion, especially the technical capacity of equipment, will have a direct impact on the quality of crystallized silicon material preparation and production costs, while testing and evaluating crystallized silicon growth equipment is costly, long-cycle, and therefore brands and services are important considerations for downstream firms to choose suppliers. This also determines the industry’s proximity to higher branding and service barriers.
The upstream industries in which companies operate are those that control appliances, steel, aluminium, machine-processing equipment, etc. The upstream industries are more fragmented, large in size, large in number of manufacturers, adequate supply of products, and more competitive in the market, and therefore have a less adverse impact on the long crystallized equipment manufacturing industry and less bargaining power.
The downstream industries in which the company operates are the photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon materials manufacturing industries, and the downstream photovoltaic and semiconductor industries have a direct impact on the market demand for its products. The current concentration of the photovoltage and semiconductor silicon is high, with relatively high bargaining power, but silicon manufacturers are complementary and interconnected with upstream equipment manufacturers.
The limited number of equipment manufacturers and the limited number of high-end manufacturers allow for limited downstream bargaining space.
The technology for solar power generation consists mainly of crystal-silicon and thin-film solar power generation. In this case, crystal-silicon solar power generation consists of two technological pathways: single crystals and multiple crystals. The crystal-silicon solar photovoltaic industry is made of high-purity multi-silicone raw materials, crystal-silicon growth and silicon chip production, photovoltaic cell construction, photovoltaic component encapsulation and photovoltaic system construction.
The manufacturing of solar photovoltaic equipment consists of a range of equipment such as silicon production equipment, silicone production equipment, battery and component production equipment, specialized materials (alumi syrup, glass covers, etc.) production equipment, photovoltaic system support components, etc.
The front end of the industrial chain - the growth of the crystalline silicon, the casting of the sun - is an important link in the industrial chain. The photovoltaic and photovoltaic equipment industry chain, in the optical field, is based on an automatic single crystal silicon growth furnace and a multi-crystal silicon silicon casting furnace.
The PV conversion of crystalline silicon materials is less efficient, but the multi-silicone silicon casting furnaces have advantages in terms of production costs, energy consumption, and so on, compared to the straight-publishing monocrystal growth furnaces, which use targeted condensation techniques. Currently, companies have a single ton, selling more than $2 million per table.
Kayex and pvatepla. The company’s main competitors in the field of multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces are Kyoto Express, precision engineering, ald, and gtsolar. With regard to photovoltaic smart equipment, the company is currently launching processors for single-crystal silicon rods and multi-crystal silicon silium, respectively.
And cut-off machines based on the diamond cut-off technology. The processor's height is integrated into a variety of components, using the wcg 700-zjs single crystal silicon stick grinding composite processor, for example, which, based on 300 mw per year, would have to open, level grinder and roller 21 units, while the single machine would have to be completed by only 5 units, with an average mw capacity invested in equipment.
Only one third of the investments in split equipment have been effective in reducing the cost of investment. (ii) New Dealing ground, Bnef data show an increase in the price parity rate of 102gw in 2017, an increase of 33.7 per cent in China.
In 2017, 53gw was installed, representing more than half of the global installed capacity, an increase of 54% in the same year, with a distribution of 19gw, a 3.7-fold increase in the same year. At the same time, India is expected to be the second largest market in the world, with India planning to become the largest producer of global photovoltaic products by 2022, with our silicon production of 87gw in 2017, an increase in the same proportion.
Long 34.3%; battery film output, 68gw, increased by 33.3% over the same period; battery assembly output, 76gw, increased by 31.7% over the same year; global production in industrial chains continued to be the highest in the world, with a global share of more than 50%. China’s high growth in photovoltaic 2017 continued into the first quarter of 2018, with Bureau of Energy statistics showing that 2018
In the first quarter of the year, the number of additional photovoltaic loaders increased by 22%; the distribution rate of 7.69gw was close to 80%, or 2.2 times higher. But, at the end of May, the introduction of a new PV was a disincentive to the pace of the new PV for almost two years.
The distributed light-voltage subsidy for the “self-service, surplus-connected” model has been reduced by $0.05/kwh (the village-level subsidy for the photovoltaic pro-poor power plant remains unchanged), and third is that competitive bidding is required for all projects. On the face of it, the subsidy gap is the direct cause of the new deal, but the underlying reason is still the long-term growth of photovoltaic health, which will eventually lead to a flat-priced Internet access around 2020.
Underlying the growth boom of the past two years is the sustainability of growth, and the core logic of photovoltaic is clean substitution and electricity, which is, of course, the core logic of all types of clean energy development. Within this larger framework, the direct driver of photovoltaic development is price parity, because it is only when parity is achieved that photovoltaics can usher in a wider development void.
The first thing to do is to equalize prices, with the recent downward revision of prices by upstream silicon producers, and a 50 per cent drop in the price of a centralized inverter by the year before the end of the year to this year, with a 90 per cent drop in the number of runners and a direct reduction in the price of the offer to 0.32 yuan/kWh. All of this will drive the photo-voltage price era faster.
In view of the current industry price reduction trend, we believe that the parity point will move gradually from three to one by 2020. And, before the parity, the additional loaders will remain largely stable because of the increment provided by distributional and photovoltaic poverty reduction. We expect the actual additions in 2018 to be around 35gw, including the runners’ 7gw plan.
We are still looking forward to the long-term development of the photovoltaics after the throes of 5.31. The target of 20% annual consumption is already low, and together with the implementation of the Paris Accord, effectively curbs the impact of greenhouse gas emissions.
By 2018, the country’s main monocrystal enterprise will have increased production. Lungi capacity will increase from 15gw at the end of 2017.
28gw, further up to 45gw by 2020, with the mid-ring energy going up to 23gw. The pvinfolink number also shows that domestic single crystal silicon production will increase from 44.5gw in 2017 to 73.1gw in 2018, and the permeability rate will rise further from 33% in 2017 to 40%. We believe that domestic photovolts are an important part of the global industrial chain.
The ring should be considered and analysed from a global perspective, and domestic photovoltaic monolithic silicons almost supply the global market. In addition to deep collaboration with major domestic photovoltaic companies, such as China-China, China-China, China-Crystal, and Eid, the company signed a single-crystal supply contract in January 2018 with the Turkish company Han Wa-Kayn, which strengthened its industrial leadership through cooperation with large global photovoltaic companies.
As a precursor, we have further opened up international markets. From the global demand to calculate single-crystal market space, we have measured single-crystal space for 2018-2020 based on the following assumptions:
The single crystal penetration rate was 45/50/55 per cent for the period 2018-2020, and the annual rate of renewal was 20 per cent based on the global total of single crystal furnaces in 2015.
From 2018 to 2020, the city’s share stabilized at 25 per cent.V. Industry patterns show that semiconductor operations are starting to function.(i)ic rises, and semiconductor equipment manufacturers can do much better.
The integrated circuit (ic) industry has risen to a national strategy since the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, which was launched in June 2014, clearly states that by 2020, the gap between the integrated circuit industry and the world's most advanced water resources will be gradually reduced, with an average annual increase of more than 20 per cent in sales earnings for the entire industry.
Under the direction of the Ministry of Finance, the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (the “large fund”) was set up accordingly. The first “large fund” raised more than $130 billion, plus local funds and private equity investment funds of over $600 billion, and China will leverage hundreds of millions of dollars of capital into the integrated circuit industry.
Breakthrough advances in circuits and specialized equipment have also been highlighted, requiring efforts to upgrade the design of integrated circuits, upgrade the capacity for self-development of the encapsulation industry and testing, and develop the supply capacity of critical manufacturing equipment. In 2016, the State Department issued the "13th Five" National Development Plan for Strategic Emerging Industries, emphasizing the launch of major productivity mapping of integrated circuits.
On April 16, 2018, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced the reintroduction of a sanctions ban on China’s communications.
China’s communications sales of electronic technology or telecommunications components last seven years. The domesticization of chips is another cause for concern. For a long time, China has been the largest consumer of electronics and the world’s largest semiconductor products, with imports of semiconductor products amounting to more than $200 billion a year.
Road markets, mobile phones, computers, colours, etc. consume 54% of the global chip annually. In particular, with the promulgation of the Integrated Circuit Industrial Development Programme and the establishment of the National Fund, local funds, social capital and financial institutions have become more concerned with the development of the integrated circuit industry, the difficulty of financing the industry has been initially eased, and the size of China’s integrated circuit industry market has been reduced.
In recent years, the world’s top chip manufacturing plants have been concentrated on China’s 12-inch production line, and many people and support facilities have been actively moving toward China, which is unprecedented in the history of the global semiconductor industry.
(ii) The semiconductor monocrystal industrial chain and alternative analysis of national production. The semiconductor industrial chain upstream is the supplier of equipment and raw materials, and the supplier of equipment provides crystal growth and light.
Equipment such as carving, plating, etching, cleaning, transmission, etc. Raw material suppliers provide raw materials such as silicon, photorecords, special gases, and encapsulation materials. Medium-stream is a semiconductor product manufacturer, and the integrated circuits are made in two modes: idm, fabless+. Downstream are integrated circuits in various applications, including computers, telecommunications, cars, consumer electronics, industrials.
The company is located upstream of the entire industrial chain, providing silicon mills with crystal-growing equipment and associated rollers and cut-off machines. On 28 November 2017, the company ' s Board of Directors, at its eleventh meeting, adopted the Bill on Investment Participation in Central Rings, Lead Semiconductor Materials, Ltd., with a central ring leading by 5 billion yuan in registered capital, completed its work in December 2017.
Business registers and obtains business licences. The company spends $500 million in cash and holds a 10% lead share in the middle ring. The company invests in the middle ring leading the way, facilitating the development and manufacture of semiconductor silicon crystal growth equipment and silicon silicon processing equipment, working with partners to build an internationally advanced integrated circuit silicon film research and development base and production base for integrated circuits.
As the trend toward national production of semiconductor equipment becomes clear, companies may take advantage of pre-emptive advantage in this area.
The main share of the sphere semiconductor monocrystal silicon growth furnaces is still in the hands of international giants such as pvatepla, Kayex, and Ferrotec. In July this year, the company’s winning bid was the leading ring semiconductor silicon project, with a contract value of over 400 million, and its intermediate semiconductor single-crystal furnace of 360 million, marking the company’s eight-inch semiconductor monocrystal furnaces are already leading the industry.
With a 12-inch semiconductor single-crystal supply through acceptance, the company will be unique in the domestic semiconductor single-crystal field. Substitution of semiconductor equipment is closely linked to upstream and downstream industrial linkages, policy support, and large-scale R & D inputs.
At this stage, it is unrealistic to expect foreign firms to purchase home-grown equipment, which they do not spend time and effort on technical certification to help Chinese equipment grow. So the rapid downstream development is particularly important, and only if downstream chip firms rapidly rise to market voice power will upstream equipment firms have the space to replace home-grown equipment.
Inches of production line running at full capacity. Mid-Key International ranked fourth in the world in 2016, with sales of $2.92 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent.
China’s semiconductor industry, though not yet strong, is making rapid progress. China is moving toward becoming a leader in semiconductor manufacturing technology, with the only problem being “time.”
For the silicon industry, Shanghai Xinjiang is one of the first companies to start producing silicon tablets in the country and is the main supplier of silicon tablets in the country. At present, Shanghai has 150,000 silicon tablets per month, with 500,000 silicon tablets planned in the future and more rapidly developed, along with Xinxia silver and 8 silicon tablets, which have already been produced, and 12 silicon tablets are still in place.
In the R & D phase, silver and long-term planning are 2.4 million pieces of capacity per year. In the production of large silicon tablets, long-crystal furnaces play an important role and play a decisive role in the re-engineering of products, but they also face problems with raw materials, process integration, etc.
What matters is equipment stability, including equipment operating and product quality stability. The silver partner is Shanghai Shin, a subsidiary of the Japanese Ferrotec Group in Shanghai.
Similar to the photovoltaic industry, where domestic photovoltaic crystalline silicon growing equipment was almost monopolized by foreign manufacturers until 2007, and where the price-fixing power is largely in the hands of foreign giants.
In less than a decade, the country’s photovoltaic industry began to grow, creating world-class poles at various stages, from upstream multi-crysilica manufacturers to middle-silicon component manufacturers, cosmopolitan energy, crystals, and so on. The rise of domestic manufacturers led to a technological upgrading of the products of photovoltaic equipment manufacturers, with the attendant surges of crystallizer power, northern Chinese technology, and so on.
Precision technology and leading companies such as Kyoto Express. And crystals and power are the first to move into semiconductors on the basis of the long crystals of the reinforced photovoltaic industry, where 8 inches of equipment are now compared to shoulder-manufacturing internationals, and 12 inches of equipment need to be connected up and down, and produce and upgrade technology on the basis of a smooth substitution of downstream domestic production.
(iii) The demand for silicon is strong, waiting for the increase in performance, 1. The demand for silicon from the expansion of crystal-crystal plants has been a long-standing concentration of electronics production in China and the largest semiconductor product consumption in the world
China is also the world’s largest and fastest growing market for integrated circuits, which consume 54% of the global chips every year, such as mobile phones, computers, colours, etc. In recent years, especially after the promulgation by the state of the Integrated Circuit Industry Development Programme and the establishment of a large fund, various countries have been able to make progress in the development of integrated circuits.
The development of integrated circuits has been given greater attention by foundations, social capital and financial institutions, and difficulties in financing them have been eased. The market size and technical level of the Chinese integrated circuits sector have increased markedly. The industrial structure has been further enhanced. The development of integrated circuits has been given high priority by the State and elsewhere.
According to the International Association of Semiconductor Equipment and Materials Industries (Semi), 62 semiconductor crystalry mills, 26 of which are located in mainland China, accounted for up to 42% of the total, will be produced between 2017 and 2020.
According to gartner, in 2021 there will be 19 12-inch crystal mills with a total capacity of 2.07 million metres per month (not converted to 8 inches, lower). Inner-owned crystal mills will produce 1,955,000 units per month, or 57.7 per cent of them, with a storage capacity of 12.25 million units per month and a logical proxy capacity of 775,000 units per month.
According to Semi, global semiconductor silicon silicon output in 2017 was 11,810 million square inches (without polishing), an increase of 10% from 2016, which is a record high. Silicon businesses increased their production line investment, driven by the demand for crystals.
Long, concentrated in 12 inches of silicon, with 12 inches of silicon output growing by about 11 per cent in 2017. Ten thousand inch/month (converted by 8 inches, lower by the same amount) with a capacity ratio of 55 per cent, exceeding 8 inches and below 6 inches. 8 inches of crystal-crystal capacity growing steadily (6.2 per cent in cagr in 10 years) to 625,000 in months. 6 inches and below.
China is currently constructing and planning 12-inch crystal mills, which will add more than 900,000 pieces of capacity per month in the future, with stores in the Yangtze River, Fujian Shinhua, Yoo Yu, Nanjing Purple, etc., locked in the area of dram and 3dnandflash storage.
2. Space measurements of semiconductor single-crystal equipment, based on icinsights statistics of global crystal-crystal and silicon production capacity, the global market for silicon tablets has been understood since 2014 and the supply and demand gap has increased from year to year.
The supply and demand gap for 6-12 inches of silicon is a total of 1.33 million silicon per month, and, given that most 12 inches of silicon production lines are still under construction, the global supply end gap for large silicons will be even more marked. According to sumco, the global demand for 12 inches of silicon is as high as 5.61 million in 2017, and is expected to increase to 5.93 million in 2018.
The price of 8 and 12 inches of silicon is constantly rising as a result of the supply and demand relationship in the silicon market. The rapid growth in the storage chip and logical chips such as cpu/gpu market since 2017 has led to a surge in demand for 12 inches of crystals, 8 inches of crystals, and a significant increase in the demand for fingerprint recognition chips, camera chips and material networking.
The production of the line has been relatively slow, and there are currently no plans for large-scale expansion of the production line of the world’s leading silicon producers, making the production of silicon tight. In 2017, the price of silicon continued to rise, and leading firms such as tiles, combined electricity, and others signed short-term contracts with major suppliers of silicon crystals, such as Suran, Sumco, Japan, in late 2017, for a period of one to two years.
12 inches of silicon has been increased to $120 per piece, a 60% increase from $75 at the end of 2016. Sumco predicts that the price of 12 inches of silicon will continue to grow by more than 20% this year.
The global silicon industry has a high degree of monopoly, with more than 90% of the world’s top six silicone firms in 2016, with the sum of Japan’s Sink and Sumco cities at close to 60%. Correspondingly, the long crystals and related silicons.
With foreign monopolies and domestic gaps, the country’s production of large silicon tablets is on the rise. According to public data, the production of silicon inch is the result of a breakdown of the country’s silicon shortage and its 12-inch dependence on imports.
Since the projects planned above will be fully operational by 2020, we can measure the need for single-crystal equipment over the next three years based on the planned silicon production. First, we make the following core assumption: 1. Based on the successful bid for the declared central-ring lead project, the output of 360.8-inch single-crystal equipment corresponds to production.
Four hundred thousand milligrams per month, with 8 inch single-crystal power for $6 million, or about 60 single-crystal stoves. The price of 2.12 inch single-crystal furnaces is RMB 20 million per 10,000 silicon-month production.
Sapphire is a highly performing optical material with a high degree of hardness, strength, optical transparency and chemical inertia.
Point. Molnity of the sapphire is 9 degrees hard, almost as hard as diamonds (10 degrees). Sapphire material has a melting point of 2050°C and remains chemically inert at high temperatures, which is an important source for the use of sapphire crystals in consumer electronics. And sapphire is a transgenic material, meaning that its thermal and mechanical properties will depend on its crystal cutting and cutting.
The current use of sapphire material in consumer electronics is mainly based on the led liner. The led liner is used mainly for the growth of the led material. Led material production requires the production of gan-based extrapolations on the bottom of the liner, which is used mainly for the sapphire, silicon silicon (sic) and silicon line (si), which is dominated by the sapphire. As 80% of the sapphire material is composed of sapphire.
Should be applied at the bottom of the led, the development of the led industry is important for the demand for sapphire materials. The country’s led output has risen rapidly in recent years, from less than $70 billion in 2008 to around $450 billion in 2016, with a 25.2% annual compound growth rate since last year.
More than 50%, production is expected to continue at a high rate in the future, as Led’s penetration in areas such as car lights increases. The rapid increase in the output of Leed is accompanied by a significant increase in the concentration of domestic producers. Industry concentration has increased significantly, according to the high-tech lighting applications.
The demand for sapphire materials is expected to increase rapidly, benefiting from the huge demand in the led and consumer electronics industries. 36kr predicts that the market size of smartphone sapphire will increase from $230 million to 13.38 billion in 2016-2021.
United States dollars, with an average annual compound growth rate of 128.2 per cent; the market size of the sapphire sheet for smart watches could increase by $240 million, to $620 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21.3 per cent.
In recent years, the major countries of the world have adopted policies to promote led lighting, promote energy conservation and reduce emissions, and the rapid development of led lighting technology. In December 2016, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the “13th Five-Year Plan” for the Development of Energy-efficient and Environmentally Sound Industry, which calls for further promotion of the level of development of the semiconductor lighting and accelerated industrialization of the led liner technology.
The first step in the sapphire growth process is to heat the seed crystals, aluminium oxides, and a non-crystal sapphire embryo under a particular warming curve and then cool it with a finely controlled cooling curve. In the process, a biscuit-sized seed
Crystals will gradually grow into single-crystal sapphire. The second step is to reprocess the cut-off crystallized cylindrical column or rectangular thickness into thin fragments of the right size. The third step is mainly to polish the thin layer. This step depends on the end use of the sapphire components and the manufacturer.
The most profitable part of the production process is crystal growth, which accounts for about 50% of the overall profit, and cutting, pulling, polishing, etc., which accounts for 17.5% and 15% of the total profit. The crystal growth furnaces and grinding equipment needed for crystallizer electric sapphire materials have been self-sufficient, effectively increasing the Māori ratio of the product.
In terms of the cost composition of body production, the largest share is 30% of energy consumption, followed by 25% of heat field support systems, 20% of raw materials, 13% of raw materials, and 12% of manpower. Because of the high amount of electricity used in long crystals, the cost of energy consumption is huge.
At about 20 cents, production costs are effectively reduced. (ii) The company's sapphire business is growing rapidly.
The company developed 35 kg, 65 kg, 85 kg, 90 kg of sapphire crystal furnaces in 2012 and tested sapphire monocrystals of appropriate quality. For the first time in 2013, the company made significant progress on 90 kg, 120 kg crystal growth processes.
After 2015, the company has accelerated the layout of its sapphire-materials business, investing in non-public shares, raising 25 million ms of sapphire annual production capacity that is expected to be fully productive this year, and phase two that is expected to be fully productive by the end of the year. The company is now using bubbles to produce 300 kg-sized sapphire crystals that can be used for products.
The company’s success in growing 300 kg of super-sized sapphire crystals for the country’s first company, with no Māori rate expected to rise by more than 20% over 150 kg class of sapphire crystals, will significantly increase the company’s performance.
The industry as a whole is growing faster, with the crystallizer power growing at the highest rate in the industry. Crystal photovoltaic is a manufacturing industry that specializes in precision thin film optical research and development for domestic professionals, and the Acid shares currently have three major industries: magnetic materials, led crystal materials, and PV modules. The crystallizer sapphire material business has only begun to grow in recent years and is currently relatively small in size, 2015.
By 2017, $18.92 million, $34.29 million and $93.74 million were collected, respectively, at a significantly higher rate than domestic counterparts, and we believe that the company, as a new promoter in the sapphire equipment industry, is experienced, technologically advanced, and has great potential for future development. The company, which has been working on crystalline silicon growing equipment for many years, developed a sapphire mill as early as 2012;
On the other hand, the company has developed the first domestic manufacturer of 300 kg of super-sized sapphire crystals. Because large sapphires can be used as a large-scale led-line material above 6 inches, and cut waste is low, the margin loss is less, 300 kg-grade blues, crystals are more than 20% higher than the overall 150 kg-grade Māori rate.
The company’s main crystalline silicon growth equipment, led equipment, and sapphire materials, we split up the operations and we fall year after year. By the first quarter of 2018, the company had not completed its contract of $3.013 billion and signed a new contract in the first quarter of 2018.
Over $1.1 billion will be recognized this year according to the revenue recognition cycle of the company, while a new quarterly bill will be recognized based on receipt and inspection. 2. The semiconductor industry continues to recover, silicon businesses expand, equipment needs rise, and companies grow as domestic crystals.
The equipment tap is expected to benefit fully from the import substitution of 3.led equipment with a stable pattern of steady growth in operations and a gradual decline in future growth. 4. The company is one of the few companies in the world that has a 300-kilogram-sized sapphire crystal growth technology.
The postnatal period is expected to be more than 20% higher than 150 kg-grade Maori. We expect the new 44 million-mm blue stone project to be fully productive this year.
In response to the 24x, 22x and 20x, and considering the company's leading position in the monocrystal field and in the semiconductor area, we think that the company is based mainly on the following two points:
The main risks faced by companies as semiconductor equipment gradually moves to import alternative routes, supported by national industrial policies and funding, are:
2. The expansion of domestic crystal-crystal manufacturers has been slower than expected, or the R & D of domestic equipment manufacturers has been slower than expected, leading to a shift in the timing of import substitution.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.