Review of transport shipping ports - non-financial companies - 2024
Incidents: Middle and Far Sea Energy (600026.sh) published in 2024, the company achieved business income of $23,244 million a year, an increase of 225 per cent a year; mother ' s net profit of $4,037 million, an increase of 19.37 per cent a year; net profit deductions were Gentsung
Corporate robust deployment capacity to cope with fluctuations in transport prices and increase revenue from non-recurring gains and losses: 2024, International \triangleright Wang Xuewu
The oil transport market as a whole has continued its more spectacular course, showing a downward trend in seasonal characteristics. In the first half of the year, small and medium-sized tankers opted for deviations as a result of the Red Sea route crisis, and the prices of finished tankers have been at a high stage; but in the second half of the year, as part of the crude oil shift to the area of oil transport, the prices of finished tankers have declined rapidly and continue to fall.
In this case, the company has carefully studied market trends, deployed robust capacity, and ensured that the overall operation of the tanker fleet continues to be good. At the same time, the company disposed of non-recurring profit and loss items such as ships, government subsidies, projected losses, etc. in 2024.
The net gain is about $100 million. Vlcc supply contracted, demand doubled, and the potential benefits of re-production were positive: vlcc supply continued to shrink: new tanker deliveries were expected to be very high by 2026, owing to the limited capacity of the shipyards being squeezed by a large number of container ship orders
At the same time, the vlcc fleet continues to age, new challenges to meet the need for renewal are being met, and, with the implementation of the 2023 imo environmental regulations, the old ship has been limited in speed and the supply of the entire industry is likely to become more inelastic. In addition, the supply of effective transport in the compliance market has become tighter as a result of the freezing of the Iranian vlcc fleet as a result of the United States system.
In the meantime, if the Russian oil sanctions were lifted and returned to the European market, the American volume would be diverted to Asia, and the potential benefits of recovery would be positive: the OEC+ plan would be restored in April.
The compliance oil trade provides an increase that will benefit the transport needs of Vlcc. and the expected, geopolitical conflicts, environmental protection, and energy-saving emission reductions are not as high as expected.
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.