Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026.sh) 24 years of weak foreign trade in oil transport demand have resulted in pressure on performance and continue to look at the elasticity of transport prices under rigid supplies.
The Middle and Far Seas can publish the 2024 annual report, showing weak performance. The Middle and Middle Seas have achieved business income of $23,244 million in 2024, i.e., +52.2 per cent; the net profit on maternity is about $4,037 million, i.e., +20.47 per cent; and the volume of offshore oil transport for China and China is lower in 2024.
(a) S0980060003 transport turnover increased by 14.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but Māori reached $3.59 billion, down 13.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, owing, on the one hand, to weak global economic performance resulting in a decline in production of opc+ and lower demand for crude oil transport;
The 52-week maximum/minimum price is that low-cost black-market oils such as 2024h2 Russian oil, Iranian oil, etc., are more favoured, crushing the transportation of compliant oils, providing security cushions for internal trade and solid growth of ng, buying lpg and expanding new areas for oil and gas transport operations.
Intra-business oil (oil + finished oil) transport turnover increased by 4.2 per cent over the same year; Māori by $1.48 billion, or 0.9 per cent below the same level, was also constrained by demand side. Ing's business contribution to the mother's net profit was $810 million, an increase of 2.7 per cent compared with a more robust performance. Moreover, in 2024, it completed its work on the Middle and Far Shipping Group lpg.
And the acquisition of the chemical shipping business, further expanding the business area, improving the energy logistics chain, lpg and chemicals contribute more than $52,293.1 million to the company, respectively. Opec+ is expected to start increasing production, and global demand for crude oil shipping is expected to pick up, while, on the other hand, year in, year in, year in, year in, year in, year out.
Initially, the United States strengthened its sanctions on Iranian oil, before black market demand was expected to return to the compliance market. On the supply side, the crude oil tanker supply grew by less than 1% in 2025 without considering dismantling, and as global sanctions on black market oil moved forward, black market ships or began to exit the market.
Middle-Sea Energy (600026.sh) - The weak demand for oil for foreign trade has led to pressure on q3 and, hopefully, improved supply and demand structures.
After the hierarchies, the supply side is relatively tight, and we continue to see the potential upward elasticity of good luck prices.
Given the tight global supply of vlcc in 2025, and the expected rise in demand for crude oil by sea with the increase in production in Oec+ and the United States, we expect that the industry hub will move up, and that the elasticity of the season will increase, and that the Middle and Far Seas will be able to publish the 2024 annual report, with weak performance.
Dollars, +5.22 per cent; net return to the mother, approximately $4.037 billion, or +20.47 per cent; net loss to the non-return to the mother, 3,979 million; figure 2: one-quarter operating income and growth (in millions of yuan, per cent) from the mid- and long-sea energy sector; low price growth and low temperature of oil shipments from the sea energy sector in 2024.
A 14.4 per cent increase over the same period, but a 13.5 per cent decline in Māori was achieved, with crude oil / it is easy to find that crude oil transport is the main drag, partly due to weak global economic performance, leading to a decline in production of occ+ and lower demand for crude oil transport; and partly due to low-cost oils such as 2024h2 R, Iranian oil, etc.
Intra-trade and solid growth provide security cushions, and the acquisition of lpg and oil and gas transport expands new areas. Corporate transport turnover for intra-trade oil (oil + finished oil) increased by 4.2% over the year; and Māori by $1.48 billion, or 0.9% below the same period.
In addition, in 2024, Hae-eun completed the acquisition of the MMTLP and the chemical shipping industry, further expanding the business area, improving the energy logistics chain, ipg and chemicals, respectively, contributing to the company.
On the other hand, since the beginning of the year, the United States has tightened its sanctions on Iranian oil, before the black market demand is expected to return to compliance with market demand. On the supply side, the demand for oil is expected to rise.
Without considering dismantling, the supply of crude oil tankers grew by less than 1% in 2025, and, as global sanctions on black market oil gradually advanced, black market ships, or began to exit the market, are expected to bring about improved supply and demand structures.
Given the global vlcc supply constraint in 2025, and the expected rise in demand for crude oil by sea as zeropec+ and US production increases, we expect the industry hub to move up, and the elasticity of the season to rise, considering that it is possible to move up.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject