Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 25 October 2025, Gore Quarterly Report 2025, first three quarters of the company
30,557 million yuan in operating income for the first quarter of 3q25, an increase of 4.42 per cent over the same period, a steady increase in round growth, a new starting point for the ai terminal, a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep.
The company's income grew robustly in the third quarter and its profitability was repaired, with a single-quarter Māori rate of 12.85 per cent, an increase of 1.49 pct, a net interest rate of 3.78 per cent, an increase of 0.03 pct, and a deduction from the company's downstream major end product, which we believe is increasing.
Long new starting point: Best quarterly performance since the annual merger, revenue growth of 11.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
One of the main drivers of record performance in the quarter was the strong demand for ai glasses in the market, especially in North America, where the hot sale of ray-banmeta smart glasses was the main reason for the growth in sales in the region. el has positioned smart glasses as a strategic group, which not only helps to mention them.
Raising its image of innovation will also expand its client base, especially among the younger generation. el plans to reach its annual capacity of 10 million tons of wearing equipment ahead of schedule to meet stronger market demand than expected, and will continue to roll out more innovative products in the future, including other brands (e.g., other brands).
In the case of smart headphones, we believe that a stronger soc, a more diverse sensor and ai technology mix is pushing the headphones to a new height that is unprecedented, and that is likely to become the most private.
Personal computing terminals greatly enhance the functionality of smartphones. First, the ear is the ideal location for accurate biological signature, which allows steady monitoring of indicators of heart rate, body temperature, etc. Second, it is the most direct channel for transmitting and receiving audio messages, whether voice helpers, system alerts or real.
1. Back to the growth track, ai injects new energy and translates it by hearing efficiently reaching the user. And, unlike the watch, headphones provide a immersed, private audio and video experience (via space audio); unlike mobile phones, it can be used.
The combination of technology with smart phones, smart headphones, smart glasses is deepening, leading to an increase in market demand for high-performance acoustic sensors and microphone products, a trend that will continue in the future.
Looking to expand to more smart hardware products that carry the ai with voice-interactive features, it opens up new growth space for Gore’s sophisticated zero-component and smart acoustic whole-office business. Market demand is not as high as expected, product prices are not as high as expected, new products are not being developed as expected, and geographies are being developed.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.