The profits from coal power are good, and the profits from 22q2 have increased considerably.
The profits from coal power are good, and the profits from 22q2 have increased significantly. 22q2 companies have realized a net profit of 216.43 billion yuan – 22.643 billion yuan for their parent shareholders, an increase of 50.1 per cent – 57.1 per cent for the same year, an increase in the ring, an increase in the average sales price of the same year, and an increase in profits from the coal sector; and 2) the company ' s electricity sales and average sales price.
The company’s three mining wells were declared to have won the country’s \triangleright.
In response, the General Directorate of the Mine Safety Inspectorate agreed to increase production capacity, specifically from 600,000 to 1.2 million tons/year for the San Francisco open-air coal mine (100 per cent interest); from 10 million to 13 million tons/year for the Huang Yukawa coal mine (100 per cent interest); and from the Blue Dragon Temple coal mine (50 per cent interest) production capacity.
The power has increased from 3 million tonnes/year to 4 million tonnes/year. Three mines have accumulated 4.6 million tonnes/year of nuclear production, with a combined 4.1 million tonnes/year increase in power-producing capacity. With the approval of the company’s capacity, the company’s own coal production is expected to increase.
\triangleright DCRC ' s Circular on Further Deepening the Market-based Reform of Electricity Prices for Coal-Firing Power Generation will contribute to steady and sustained growth in overall performance dividends and to the valuation of greater scope
In the context of the market-based trade in coal power and commercial and commercial users, the prices of the traded electricity have been floating steadily, and it is expected that the performance of the Division's electricity division will increase substantially.
Release, business performance continues to provide good cash flows with high dividends, leading the industry. By the end of the first quarter of 2022, corporate money stood at $184.1 billion, undistributed profits at $27.94 billion, and cash at a premium.
The company's investment value is significant, with the expectation of high points and dividends in the industry, the company's cash value is expected to be revalued, the valuation is expected to increase, \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.