Two-wheel drive for coal and electricity, with high growth in 2022q2 performance, China (601088.sh) and coal and electricity, with high growth in 2022q2 performance. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
And the average group income tax rate has fallen year-on-year, and the company's performance has increased significantly year-on-year.
In the first half of 2022, the average price for powered coal on the island of Qin was 721 yuan per ton in the first half of the year, an increase of 21.6 per cent, the country’s high price of coal, the company’s production and operation remained stable, and the self-produced coal industry’s performance steadily increased.
In the second half of the year, steady growth is expected to keep energy demand strong and coal prices strong. According to the company’s announcement, the company’s subsectors, the open-pit mines, the Okagawa coal mine, and the Qinglong Temple coal mine, have increased their approval by 60, 300, and 1 million tonnes/year, respectively.
In 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission committed itself to promoting 100% coverage by the Association, with a sustained increase in the share of electricity-cost contracts. At the same time, as the electricity market reforms deepened, the “base price +”
A new mechanism for floating is also being developed, with companies expected to make a sustained increase in the profitability of their electricity operations. The company’s first report in 2022 assessed that coal and electricity are growing, released in an orderly manner, or will further increase their performance.
Coal business: According to the company announcement, the company has obtained a certificate of prospecting rights for the first and second wells of the New Streets of the North District of the Temple of Tegná, and will work together to achieve a significant increase in performance in the first quarter of the year. The next step will be to advance the exploration of coal resources in the mine area and to lay a solid foundation for the next steps in the processing of mining rights certificates.
In 2021, the New Street Mine was reported to have approximately 10.76 billion tons of resources and is expected to contribute significantly in the future.
Upgrade, with a very high percentage of red value. So, two 1,000 megawatt supercritical coal-fired generators are all delivered, with an expected annual power supply of 8 billion kilowatt hours.
Corporate Performance Pre-Assessment - q4 or Cost & Impairment Deficiencies.