Coal prices have increased steadily, and electricity prices have increased profitably: on August 26, 2022, the Chinese Shunhua published its semi-annual report. The company realized the Chinese Shunhua (601088) during the reporting period.
Coal plate: supply and demand have continued to support the price of coal, with a high proportion of the Association guaranteeing stability of performance 158 million tons of commercial coal production in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 3.4 per cent in the same year, while coal sales were 210 million tons, a decrease of 12.7 per cent in the same year.
The sales share. The company sold 104.5 million tons of coal through the annual association, an increase of 7.65 per cent compared to the average annual sales price of $588 per ton last year. The cost of producing coal per unit of production increased by 21.4 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the payment of employees ' wages and the spread of minerals.
In the first half of the year, 13,252 million yuan was collected from coal plates, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent in the same year; the cost of the industry was 86,741 million yuan, representing a decrease of 7.4 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of a decrease in the volume of out-of-coal sales, which led to a decrease in the cost of purchases.
Looking ahead, there is still some room for growth in the company ' s productive capacity, with a total of 4.6 million tons of Yutsukawa, Qinglong Temple, Shinoyama Coal in the first half of the year; and a certificate of prospecting rights in the North District of Taigang Temple in the East Coal Field of Inner Mongolia, which is currently being reviewed and assessed.
Short- and medium-term coal market rigidity patterns will not ease, coal prices will continue to operate at high levels, and corporate profitability and stability will be enhanced.
Power plate: A policy of upturning the price of coal for the benefit of coal combustion, increased profitability of the plate \triangleright cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 8,479 million kWh in electricity generation; 79.61 billion kWh in electricity sales, a 10.5 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to the delivery of new aircraft.
On October 11, 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on further deepening the market-priced reforms for coal-fired electricity generation, which increased the price of coal-fired electricity to 20% and raised the price of coal-fired electricity to 20%.
Energy consumption is not subject to upward ratios. The company actively seeks to raise the price of electricity, which averaged 412/megawatt hours in the first half of the year, an increase of 23.7 per cent in the same year. The cost per unit of electricity sold is $380.5/mw, while the former company is building four 2*1,000mw power plants, and we expect the company's future capacity to increase.
Transport and Coalification Blocks: Cost increases faster than income increases, resulting in a certain drag on performance. Corporate transport efficiency continues to improve, positively matching rising transport demand. Railway operations in the first half of the year now earn $21,012 million, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same period; port operations realize revenue of $3,237 million.
The increase in the cost of fuel, labour costs, etc., was faster than the increase in income, resulting in a 10.1% decline in the profits of railway roads, ports, shipping plates and a 4.5% decline in profits in the first half of the year, and a 22.9% increase in the price of polyethylene in the first half of the year, as well as an increase in revenues of 5.1% in the same year.
And the 16.5 per cent increase in the same cost resulted in a 33.4 per cent decline in profits over the same period, with policies driving support power generation, electricity and coal demand expected to grow more than expected, and companies making profits in the medium to long term \triangleright \triangleright
The power supply and demand are in contradiction because of the power shortages caused by the extreme high temperature and dry weather in Sichuan. Recently, the National Energy Agency has begun to plan early for the 14th Five-Year Power Guarantee, urging the acceleration of the approval of support power sources, the acceleration of construction, and the early delivery of power.
It is believed that the lack of electricity on this wheel is mainly due to insufficient peak capacity due to insufficient investment in the history of the fire power plant, that extreme weather events have exacerbated the tension between electricity supply and demand, and that the pace of future investment in coal power is expected to accelerate. The coal power plant has a production cycle of 15 to 24 months, with new loaders expected to be launched by the end of 2024.
Transport, but with a coal production cycle of 3-5 years, the demand for new coal will increase the current tension between the supply of and demand for coal, and coal prices may be up in the medium to long term. At the same time, as electricity becomes marketed, the scarcity of the peak capacity is expected to be demonstrated, and electricity prices are expected.
The price of coal is expected to rise steadily over the next few years, and prices are expected to rise year by year. China’s General Association of China’s High Councillors share of China’s energy boom is expected to rise.
A high degree of certainty about business performance, coupled with integrated operations that synergize the development of clusters and unleash risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and power-related industries; and accidents in the safe production of coal mines.
Member of the Committee for Operational Audit, of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, and member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of China's Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th and fifth” national coal survey and development planning study, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the Chinese Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and a Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, have worked as a license in the field of electricity and natural gas.
Qin Ho, a master's degree in electricity systems from Austin, University of Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry studies.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, a non-consensual and non-consensual component of the coal and coal industry, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.