High performance growth, sustained additions to the mlcc operation South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: 2021h1, companies achieving operating income of $2.88 billion, an increase of 74.4 per cent over the same period; realization of returns
A net profit of $1.08 billion, or 94.0 per cent over the same period. • Corporate performance has grown at a high rate and profitability has increased further. (2021h1:1) At the end of the harvest, the company ' s main business grew strongly, with a 74.4 per cent increase in revenue on the same date, the company ' s communications component industry.
Revenue from services increased by 830 million yuan, or 48.8 per cent over the same period, and benefited mainly from accelerated construction of facilities such as 5g base stations, data centres, physical networking, etc.; electronic components and materials operations achieved revenues of 1.02 billion yuan, or 84.1 per cent over the same period, mainly to benefit from the accelerated commercial penetration and national production substitution trends of 5g: semiconductor components.
The current income of $510 million represents an increase of 74.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid development of the domestic semiconductor industry, especially the sealing link, and the accelerated trend towards national substitution, which has led to an increase in demand.) At the profit end, net profit on corporate repatriation increased by 94.1 per cent over the same period; the company ' s Māori rate increased by 53.3 per cent over the 5.2 pp over the same period; the net interest rate increased by 5.2 per cent over the same period.
On August 12, the company issued a revised version of the revised version of the proposed $3.9 billion for a high-capacity series of multi-layered ceramic capacitors.
In 2020, the high-quality mlcc project of 5 g communications with a capacity of 240 billion m/year was better advanced, and two mlcc extension projects are expected to boost the company’s capacity significantly, and the company’s market share may be on the way. This series of fund-raising initiatives shows the company’s prospects for mlcc business development.
At present, the supply/demand imbalance of the mlcc passive widgets and price increases in products under tight supply conditions are expected to open up further future levels of single-product profits. With the company’s increased production capacity released in the mlcc business, the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
In the next three years, a combination of net profit gains is expected to rise at about 40%. Given that the company’s mlcc business is entering a period of accelerated growth, production such as mlcc and ceramic envelopes can be released gradually, with a national yield of $5.34.
Company 1 is a leading producer in the electronic ceramics industry in the country. The Trio Group was officially established in 1992 as the Tianzhou Radio Ceramic Plant and was listed in 2014. The company is mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of electronic ceramic components and their basic materials, and is the largest state-of-the-art technology in the country.
In the field of deep-dry ceramic components, the company has now completed the integration of the ceramic industry chain, covering upstream raw materials, medium-stream manufacturing, and downstream finished products. Upstream, the company has benefited from decades of experience and technological accumulation at the upstream raw material chain to master the core technology of the ceramic powder as compared to the raw material, to achieve slurry, formation, scalding, and addition.
In downstream, the company develops and produces a range of products such as fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic envelopes, porcelains, mlcc, etc. that break the technological monopoly abroad. The company uses ceramic materials as its basis, actively broadening the product boundary, increasing the product layout and meeting market diversification needs.
In 1996, the company made a breakthrough in the production of aluminium oxide titanium tablets and cut into the manufacturing of fragments. In 2001, the company began to develop and begin the production of ceramic components for light communication.
Investing in the production of mlcc products; then in 2004, the company achieved R & D production of sofc and moved into the new energy sector;
The firm is owned by Zhang Wan, which holds 2.95% of the company’s shares, and indirectly holds part of the company’s shares through Tsangzhou Investment Company Limited, which together holds a share in the Bida stock.
23.98. The relatively high shareholding ratio and the relative fragmentation of other shareholders in the company has helped the company to pursue long-term business strategies and more efficient decision-making, mainly in the form of communications components, electronic components and materials, semiconductor components, etc.
In terms of revenue structure, in 2020, the company ' s communications component generated revenues of $1.34 billion, an increase of 43.2 per cent, or 56.9 per cent, or 33.0 per cent; the semiconductor component business generated revenues of $660 million, or an increase of 38.4 per cent, or 16.6 per cent, or 2021h1, or $830 million, or 48.8 per cent, respectively.
The accelerated construction of facilities such as 5g base stations, data centres, and physical networking, with rapid billing revenue for communications components requirements of approximately 28.8 per cent, achieved revenues of $1.02 billion from the company ' s electronic components and materials operations, an increase of 84.1 per cent from the same period, mainly benefiting from accelerated commercial penetration and national production replacement: the business accounted for 35.4 per cent of revenue and the company ' s semiconductor components were realized.
Revenue of $510 million, an increase of 74.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid growth of the domestic semiconductor industry, especially the sealing chain, and the acceleration of the national production substitution trend, which accounts for about 17.6 per cent of the revenue, with the Māori sector accounting for 51.2 per cent of corporate communications components in 2020, contributing 33.5 per cent to the company.
Gross profits; Māori for electronic components and materials business is 56.5 per cent, Māori 36.5 per cent, which is the company ' s main Māori rate at present, 54.0 per cent, Māori for electronics and materials business 58.4 per cent, and the Māori rate for both is evenly higher; while Māori for semiconductor components business is 41.4 per cent, a slight decline from the same level.
The net profit from recovery and repatriation has grown steadily overall, and the company’s performance has returned to a high growth path. Reviewing the company’s business performance over the past few years: 1) At the end of the income line: Between 2016 and 2020, the company’s operating income increased from $2.89 billion to $3.99 billion, with annual compound growth of $2.89 billion, an increase of 74.4 per cent over the same period; achieving a net profit from repatriation of $1.08 billion over the same period, an increase of about 94.0 per cent over the same period.
In terms of profit margins: in 2020, the company’s Māori rate was 3.8 pp. The company’s profit margin increases benefited mainly from the supply of and demand for mlcc products, and the company’s price increases led to higher profit margins.
The cost-control effect is evident. 2021h1, company sales costs are 0.7 per cent, down 0.8 pp from year to year; management costs are 5.5 per cent, down 0.7 pp from year to year; research and development costs are 5.1 per cent, down 1.7 pp from year to year.
As the impact of the epidemic diminishes, the need for fibre-optic home construction in the overseas region resumes, the build-up of the country’s 5-g base station and the data centre progresses steadily, and the demand for fibre-optic ceramic cores rises significantly downstream.
As the semiconductor industry in the country, especially the sealing chain, moves further towards national production substitution, and increases the demand for semiconductors in new and emerging areas such as 5 g commercial, artificial intelligence, and networking.
Assumption 4: We assume that the company’s Māori rate will increase further. We have selected three mainstream comparable companies, Fumicha High, National Ceramic Materials, Fara Electronics, 2020.
Given that the company’s mlcc business is entering a period of accelerated growth, the capacity of production such as mlcc and ceramic envelopes is gradually released, the trend of national production substitution offers new opportunities for companies, and we conservatively give them less than expected capacity to build in 2021; increased competition in the market; less than anticipated national production substitution processes; and the risk of falling prices for passive components.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.