The competitive advantage is evident, and the power to negotiate in the industrial chain is further enhanced by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre ' s performance summary: in the first half of 2019, the company achieved a significant increase in gross operating income of $20.26 billion.
This represents an increase of 116.5 per cent; a net return of $2.10 billion, an increase of 130.8 per cent in the same year; a significant increase in the performance of non-repatriation power cells and a further increase in the bargaining power of the industrial chain. New energy production in China was 609,000 and 601,000 vehicles in the first half of 2019, respectively, representing an increase of 60.1 per cent and 85.6 per cent in the same year; and new energy.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same period the previous year, representing 87.97 per cent of the company’s total income. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $7.28 billion, a significant increase of 561 per cent over the same period, highlighting the firm’s strong bargaining power in the industry.
The evaluation system is likely to range from small to large quantities. The Ninder era was the most complete and comprehensive R & D capability in all lithium companies. Smart manufacturing: brilliant intelligent engineering is close to lg. Catl patents are concentrated in battery modules and equipment, where equipment is a demonstration of engineering capability, the technical body of materials.
Now on the battery module. The engineering capacity of the custom-made equipment of the Ninder era is extremely strong, from the introduction of Japan’s line of production, to import substitution, to custom-made production line, and deep binding of quality equipment manufacturers, creating a strong, united pattern. The depreciation age of some of the company’s equipment has changed from five to four years, in line with industry’s fast-tracking technology.
Principles of fact and fiscal prudence for rapid innovation. Informatization capacity: informatization is the strategic height of manufacturing, having erp, mes (manufacturing execution systems) and plm (product life cycle management systems), from product design, certification, manufacturing to service management throughout the life cycle to inform manufacturing.
Business chain integration: building Ninder’s own ecclesiastical circle. Achieving full coverage from resources to materials, equity-based and self-building models, more resource security, and self-autonomous ecclesiastes.
Power cell companies, presumably able to catch up with the global lithium battery giants and maintain an "upscaling" rating.
2. The Ningde era (30,750): global layout, strong and persistent (2018-08-28)
Half-yearly, one company has seen a further increase in bargaining power in the industrial chain. In the first half of 2019, the company achieved a significant increase in gross operating income of $20.26 billion, representing an increase of 116.5 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $2.10 billion, an increase of 130.8 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $1.818 billion, a rise in the same year, in the non-retroactivity of the parent.
Power cell system operations have led to a significant increase in company performance. According to China Air Research Qualifications and the Insurance Commission, 609,000 and 601,000 new energy vehicles were sold in China in the first half of 2019, an increase of 60.1% and 85.6% in the same year: a significant increase in the sales of new energy vehicles has led to an increase in battery loads and a total of power cell loads in the first half of 2019.
30.0gwh, an increase of nearly 93.6% in the same year, and 6.6gwh in June, with a steady 16% increase in the ring; the company installed 13.8gwhh in the first half of the year, with a share in the domestic market of 46%. The company benefited from a significant increase in sales of power batteries, which in the first half of the year 2019 generated operating income of $16.89 billion, or 135.0% over the same period the previous year, accounting for 87.97% of the company ' s total income.
With scale effects, cost advantages, and the ability to negotiate in the industrial chain, the first half of the year was $4.88 billion, or 29 per cent of the total. Business-chain bargaining power continued to grow, and operating cash flows improved considerably. Corporate receivables and receivables showed a sharp downward trend in the first half of 2015-2019.
The return on corporate product sales was good in the year, with the ratio of receivables and receivables falling to 20 per cent, while the ratio of advances remained at around 1 per cent. Thus, in the first half of 2019, corporate cash inflows were $25.730 billion, representing an increase of 113 per cent; net cash flows from battalion activities were $7.28 billion, representing a significant increase of 561 per cent, highlighting strong corporate bargaining in the industry.
Ongoing R & D inputs and cost controls were effective. In the first half of 2019, annual company sales costs, management costs (including R & D) were increased in line with the expansion of the company’s operations, but the three rates continued to improve.
Change, the depreciation period for power cell production equipment involving a change in depreciation age from 5 to 4 years, which is still within the scope of the company ' s machine ' s reserve depreciation age range (3-10 years).2 An analysis of competitive advantages of the Ninde era
The competitive advantage of the Ningde era is beyond question. From the point of view of first-level investment, team technical background and managerial cooperation are perhaps the first, and one of the most important factors in industrial investment. Second-level investment is more data- and logic-oriented, and we want to analyse corporate competitive advantages from different points of view.
2.1 Technology R & D strengths: beyond the basic qualities of Japanese and Korean enterprises, the power of technology R & D in the new energy automobile industry chain determines the firm’s height and is a basic condition for obtaining high-quality customers. It is through the certification and evaluation systems of downstream customers that it is possible to deliver from small to large quantities.
The Ninder era is the most complete and comprehensive R & D capability in all lithium companies. 2.2 Smart manufacturing capacity: excellent intelligent engineering capability closely follows LG. A comparison of lg's patents and catl's patents shows that lg's patents are from 1990s to 2000s.
A year ago, the advantage had been accumulated, building the manufacturing base of the world’s first-class battery industry. Catl followed the logic of industry: its main patents were on battery modules and equipment, where equipment was a demonstration of engineering capability, the technical body of materials, and now on battery modules. The engineering power of custom-made equipment in the Ningde era was extremely strong.
Oral substitution goes to customized production lines. Companies and quality equipment manufacturers are deeply bound, creating strong patterns of union.
2.3 Intelligentity: Informatization is the strategic height of manufacturing. If smart manufacturing version 2.0 is automated, it is the stage that most manufacturing firms are trying to achieve, so is smart manufacturing version 3.0.
The level of information in the discrete industries is still very low. The Ningde era had an information strategy high in the early stages of entrepreneurship: companies had an early erp, mes, and plm (product life-cycle management system).
Life-cycle management capacity to inform manufacturing. erp, mes, etc. are well known in the market. But there are very few enterprises using plm. Plm will use computer-assisted design (cads, ancillary analysis (cae, assistive manufacturing (cam), product)
Data management (pdm) is seamlessly linked, product centred, product, product, market and user data are managed at the product design, demand analysis stage, and are linked to erp and mes systems, enabling enterprises to efficiently and economically apply, manage and upgrade product design data and information throughout the life cycle, from conception, design, production and end-of-life.
The international giants have already been downplayed at the information level. At present, from the bottom up, the pattern of competition in industrial software can be divided into three layers. The first layer consists of the Electrification Layer, which includes Siemens, abb, Schneider, Rockwell.
The second automated level includes Siemens, Rockwell, abb, Schneider. Bosin software, big-scale control; and the third major players in the information layer include Siemens, ptc, and Dasso.
The U.S. was founded in 1969, acquired by the U.S. McDougs in 1976, and acquired its software by Siemens for $3.5 billion. During the course of more than a decade, the gsplm software became part of Siemens’ software platform and became part of a powerful product.
As several other companies are not independently listed, we take the example of ptc, where the United States gives a fairly high value value to a company that has plm products. The market value of ptc is $12.5 billion, but pe is up to 200. Companies spend $200 million a year on R & D. Personnel have increased by 20 per cent over a 10-year period.
Informationization is one of the major drivers of the Ninder era, and one of Ninder’s important directions in catching up to the lg. At present, there is a slight difference between Ninder’s and other international giants’ success rates, which is a manifestation of the externalization of engineering management capabilities.
It is estimated that the company’s good quality rate will increase further, catching up with and surpassing overseas competitors. 2.4 Industrial chain integration: Ninder’s own eco-circle. Ninder’s strategy is to build its own.
In contrast to the lg and the pine, each of the three enterprises has characteristics. Among them, the loose circle of cooperation is closed; the lg has an open system of cooperation; Ninder has both. From resources to materials.
Supply of triple materials; supply of lithium phosphate; supply of lithium phosphate; supply of pre-triple drives in Greenme; supply of nonpolar materials, mainly to Dong Keakin, Sugia Technology, Jiangxi-Te; supply of solvents and conventional additives to the company by the State of Taihua-Wung, Tin Chi, New Zeus State, with some special additives being developed and produced by the company itself; and, in the case of sequestered film, to the source material,
In April 2019, the company planned to invest $9.13 billion in holding shares, and Ninderbamp invested in a project to build a real estate park in Ninder City, with a two-phase construction plan for a five-year construction project.
In 2016, the company and the world ' s largest cobalt-source supplier could reach a four-year delivery agreement of 20,000 tons. In 2017, the company could be the fourth largest supplier in Leninde. March 2018, Green.
The United States has further concluded a strategic procurement agreement with KARA, which guarantees a total of 5.28 million tons of cobalt from 2018 to 2020. Nickel resources: Indonesia is one of the world’s richest countries in the world in terms of nickel in the red, and China’s Green Mountain Steel Group and associated parties have more than 12 million tons of nickel and metals in several nickel mines in Indonesia.
Guangdong Bump signed a joint venture agreement with Green States, Blue Mountain Steel, the imip Park in Indonesia, Osaka, Japan, and the Xingxing Company for the construction of a project to build a battery-grade nickel chemical (nickel crystals of sulphuric acid) in the Indonesian Redscopic nickel mine (50,000 tons of nickel/year). Under the agreement, the parties will invest in the co-investment of nickel smelting and deep processing in Indonesia, creating a worldwide competition.
In the same month, Green America co-financed a joint venture with Green America and Green Mountain Steel Co. Ltd. in Fuan Sung, Ningd City, with an initial capacity of 50,000 tons of power cells with tri-dollar pre-drive materials, 20,000 tons of power cells with three-dollar equity in North American nickel, which secures nickel supplies. In April 2018, Ningde, through its subsidiary Garna.
New Energy Technologies Ltd. of the Great Age invested $15 million in a share of noortaminenickelinc nan, with a share of 25.38%. Nan focused on global nickel and copper cobalt sulphide exploration, with a fully-owned maniitsoq block located in south-west Greenland, covering an area of approximately 2985 square kilometres. The area had a Greenland swath belt, a mineral rich in magnesium and ultra-magnetic iron.
Lithium resources: participation in the lithium industry in North America, and distribution of lithium carbonate. In 2017, the company, through its subsidiary, increased the stock of the New Energy in that era, the Technology Ltd. held 43.59 per cent of the shares of the nonthamericanlithiuminc. (nal) and the primary business of the nal battalion was the lithium mine.
In March 2018, Canada signed an equity transfer agreement with Gene International Investment Ltd. to purchase further nal3.59 million shares in its holdings.
The new energy automobile industry is still technologically advanced, with industry growing with a strong cyclical dimension. The Ninder’s intrinsic genes determine its industrial position, and it is the power cell that has the greatest potential for development and technological competitiveness.
Industry. We believe that Ninder’s catch-up with the lg and the pine is an approximate event with a long-term investment value.) Given the declining sales prices of power cell systems, it is assumed that the Māori rate for power cell systems will be 30 per cent over the next three years. 4) As the volume of company sales increases, the three fees will fall each year, assuming a decrease of 1 per cent per year.
According to the preceding assumptions, our projections for sub-business revenue for the Ningde era are as follows: The company is expected to have an eps of $1.78, 2.08 and 2.79 respectively for 2019-2021. The company’s long-term competitive advantage is clear, and it is the most competitive power cell company, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
There is a risk that the new energy car subsidy will fall sharply, that the company’s production capacity will fall short of expectations, and that the industry’s competition will increase. No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.