The benefits of industrial integration are evident, the forward-looking landscape is helping to move forward - the post-subsidization era (300,750.sz)
The policy supports a gradual exit, the new-energy automobile industry enters a market that competes directly with the fuel truck, the industry, the chain enters a fast-disposal period, and firms with good product and financial power will finally emerge, holding cars.
In 2017-2018, the global battery company cr4 was 54.4% and 62.8%, respectively, and a good manufacturing gene and forward-looking strategic layout were key elements of the flight.
The built-in pattern of development is the cornerstone of a power cell to take off. At the same time, the company has locked in the supply of raw lithium-cobalt materials at the front end in order to contain the price of the cycle material; in order to guarantee the stability of the procurement, it has supported the core material enterprise to build a plant locally in Ningde: to expand marketing channels, to work with the entire international and domestic car factory in depth: to achieve electricity.
The ladder and recycling of the pool, the acquisition of the Bump is involved in the recycling of lithium; the opening up of a market for the expansion of lithium, the financial advantage of which is evident, and the continued pace of capital expansion, the fall of subsidies will inevitably affect the Māori rate in the industrial chain, but the company's profitability remains good and the Māori rate is higher than the practice.
R & D maintains a high level of investment, but with the advantage of size, R & D rates have fallen to 6.7%; the risk of bad debts is lower for all households, while the cash income has increased to 1.14 and the cash flow advantage is clear. In a tight industry situation, companies are still well equipped to carry out rapid capital expansion.
For the first time, the  covered a rating of "enhancement" in Beijing's West Side on 28th Punrith Street.
The Hing Sheng Building, 1,000 Luang Mok Road, is entering the integration phase, but the market is large and has a greater advantage than the same kind of business, so it's the first time it's covered, and it's the first time it's rated as an "enhanced" rating.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
The power cell, which is the most expensive core component of an electric vehicle, is the first to be hit by the price reduction pressure.
In terms of sales, the overdrafting of demand during the transition period makes it difficult to be optimistic about the same rate of increase in electric vehicle sales in the third quarter. In our view, the decline in the dependence of electric vehicles on subsidies has long been conducive to the healthy development of the industry, and the fall in subsidies is likely.
It's a painful period for the industry, but it's more good than bad for the industry's leading business, and productive firms have a stronger bargaining power, and their market share is expected to rise further (the company's 17/18/19h1 market share is space, respectively). In a situation of slow growth, companies still have the ability to maintain rapid expansion.
First, the emergence of a new energy vehicle integrated service provider 1.1. Developmental development: focus on power and storage systems, independent of atl
The company originated with New Energy Technology Ltd. (atl), a company co-founded in 1999 by the Tsang Gang and the Japanese tdk subsidiary, Sae Liang Changang, Chen Jinghua, the main consumer battery, a leading supplier of global soft-packed polymers, lithium batteries, supplying high-quality customers such as apples. In 2008, atl set up a power cell.
The team began to develop vehicle power cells and invested $1.5 billion in Ninder, the home town of the great swarms, to build the world’s largest lithium ion cell production base. In 2011, the atl power cell sector decided to become independent against the backdrop of the emergence of a new energy bus market, but the foreign power cell industry was unable to obtain State subsidies.
Out, the New Energy Technology for the Ninder Age Ltd. (catl) was officially established, setting up the New Energy Technologies for the German Age Limited (Munich Corporation).
An agreement was signed with the state government of Turingen, Germany, to invest in 2.4, the "Ethnologist's Workstation"
The new energy technology for Beijing's lithium era was set up with Euro billion to set up a battery production base and a research and development centre in Germany, and the new energy technology for the Jiangsu era was limited.
New Energy for the Ninder Age, New Energy Technologies for the Time, Inc., and a partnership agreement with the BMW, Hiro, Upwards, Gilly, Daimler, Jiang bell, etc.
Shanghai subsidiary created the new energy source of the Qinghai era in France, the United States, Canada,
The total investment will increase as a result of the proposed expansion of the investment in the European Production Research and Development Base project.
To complete the limited technology of the Guangdong Bump cycle, to create a joint venture with the capital, to establish a partnership with the BMW.
In 2012, the BMW found Ningde, seeking Catl to create power cells for its first high-end pure electric car, No.1e. With this collaboration, the Ningde era ended with power cell development, design, development, development, etc.
The entire process of certification, testing, became the BMW's only battery supplier in the Great China region, quickly opening up the power cell market. The Ningde era was followed by an all-time high-speed campaign that successfully tied high-quality customers, such as Ningdong, Up, North, Gilly, into the global supply chain of major mainstream car companies, and through the start-up of subsidiaries,
Acquisitions, binding of suppliers of raw materials, etc., quickly completed the full layout of the upstream and downstream industrial chain, with company power batteries in the top volume worldwide in 2017. On June 11, 2018, when Ninder was set up for more than six years, the market value quickly broke out by hundreds of billions.
At present, the company has become the world’s leading power cell system provider, focusing on the development, production and sale of new-energy motor power systems and storage systems. Main operations include power cell systems, storage systems, and lithium battery material systems (mainly tri-dollar pre-drives), in which power cell systems include cores,
Modules and battery bags are used for electric vehicles, commercial vehicles, etc. In addition, the company has achieved a closed loop system in the industrial chain by acquiring the Guangdong State Pulse Battery Recovery Business Area.
As of the first quarter of 2019, the group had indirectly held 26.04 per cent of the shares in the public service through the Swiss courts, and LEE Ping had 5.1 per cent of the shares, and together they held 31.14 per cent of the company's total equity.
The equity share ratio reached 65.65 per cent, the equity distribution was concentrated and the equity structure was stable. 1.3. Companies ' performance grew rapidly, R & D inputs increased significantly, and the cost rate slightly decreased.
The company achieved business income of $29.61 billion in 2018, an increase of 170 per cent in the annual net profit compound growth rate. According to the company’s performance report, the company’s profit quality continued to improve in the first half of 2019, with a slight decline in profit margins. In 2018, the company sold goods and provided services.
Cash received amounted to $33,850 million, with a cash income ratio of up to 1.14 million, and in recent years there has been a steady improvement in the quality of profits, a decline in prices, a slight decline in profit margins, but still at higher levels in the industry. Corporate cost controls are good and expenditure is manageable. Corporate sales, management costs and management costs in 2018
The financial cost rates were 4.7 per cent, 5.4 per cent, -0.9 per cent, respectively, and the corporate management and financial cost rates were significantly reduced, while the sales cost rates were maintained at a stable level. Thanks to the control of the administrative and financial costs, the company ' s total period cost rates fell significantly from 25.4 per cent in 2014 to 2018.
9.1%, the advantages of scale are evident, and cost-control capabilities are increasing. 1.3.2 Research and development (R & D) investment continues to grow, with the advantages of scale driving down the cost ratio. Companies invest in lithium battery R & D on a continuous basis. Companies focus on product and technology R & D, R & D on R & D inputs.
The scale has grown steadily, from 280 million yuan in 2015 to 1.99 billion yuan in 2018. The share of R & D expenditure in operating income has declined slightly as a result of faster growth in corporate revenue, but the rate of R & D spending in 2018 was still as high as 6.7 per cent.
Ming, also holds the position of member of the board of directors of the Asia Solid ion Society, academic member of the Clean Energy Centre of the Chinese Academy of Physics. Most of the core technical teams of the Ningde era were core members of atl, and have demonstrated technical and managerial competence under the platform atl, where they all have more than 10 years of battery research and development experience.
In addition, the company is working with leading research institutes and laboratories in the field of materials and electrochemistry.
By the end of 2018, the company had 4217 R & D workers, representing 16.95% of the total number of employees. High levels of R & D investment provided adequate capital guarantees for product innovation.
High-quality and large-scale R & D teams provide sufficient human security, adding to the company's concept of R & D, which is to “use imagination, explore science mechanisms” and enable companies to continuously acquire 5.46 billion yuan in product design and technological innovation after ipo was listed in 2018 to build a power cell project for 24gwh in the west of the lake;
In June 2019, the company issued an additional $10 billion in corporate bonds to further maintain the flow of corporate capital. By the first quarter of 2019, the company held a total of $32,225 million in monetary funds and had sufficient cash holdings, which would ensure, to a large extent, an orderly growth in its productive capacity.
The company currently has production bases in Ningde, Qinghai, Qingyang, research and development centres in Ningde, Munich, Germany, offices in Hong Kong, China, France, the United States, Canada, and Japan, and began planning for the construction of the first overseas production base in Germany. Of these, the Fau Jian Ningde factory was built in 2017 when the company was founded.
Further construction of Lake 24gwh west in Ningde after the year 2018 ipo; Qinghai base built in 2012 and mainly responsible for the production of energy storage batteries; Jiang Su-yang production base set up in September 2016, with 10 gwh, starting in 2018; company joint ventures with upper gas, Hiroshima and east wind
The plant is also in the process of being built and will start around 2020. In addition, in order to further meet the battery needs of the offshore company, an agreement was reached in July 2018 between the company and the German state government of Turingen to set up a battery plant in Erford, which is scheduled to reach production of 14 gwh in 2022: announcement of the project in June 2019.
With additional investment, the initial investment of Euro240 million will be increased to Euro1.8 billion, with actual post-partum capacity projected to be 2.
Automobile electrodynamics have a long history. Three waves of auto electricization have occurred in history: for the first time, in 1830 or so, Thomas Davenport invented the first electric car, with the highest speed of the vehicle, which was maintained to 1900; between 1900 and 1920, Detroit electric cars were sold throughout the United States.
Nearly 10% of automobile sales; the third was the rise of fisker in 2005. Most of the failures in the history of electric car development were due to a lack of access to fuel cars for value-added purposes, and the fourth wave of electric cars, currently led by Tesla, is expected to change the problem. The driving force behind the electricization of cars is:
In December 2015, nearly 200 Parties reached the Paris Accord at the Paris Climate Change Conference. This is a legally binding climate agreement intended to make arrangements for a global response to climate change beyond 2020. On 22 April 2016, more than 170 leaders gathered.
At United Nations Headquarters in New York, the official signing of the Paris Agreement committed to keeping the global temperature rise within 2°C. Deputy Prime Minister Zhang Goli attended the signing ceremony as Chairman Xi Jinping’s Special Envoy and signed the Paris Agreement on behalf of China. China plans to reach a peak in CO2 emissions by around 2030 and will work hard to do so.
The area of transport, mainly automobiles, is the largest consumer of oil. The country’s external dependence has increased significantly, from a negative number in 1995 to nearly 70 per cent in 2018.
The need to reduce the increase in oil and increase self-sufficiency from the point of view of our energy security is particularly strong. In 2013, the share of diesel fuel consumed by automobiles in the national consumption of diesel fuel has reached about 55% and is added annually.
The management of air pollution has become a top priority for the country’s environmental governance. According to China’s annual report on vehicle pollution control, according to the country’s first completed urban atmospheric fine particle source (pm2.5),
27.0%, 24.8%, and 22.0%. During periods of heavy contamination, motor vehicle emissions are clearly used in local pollution accumulations, and increased control over motor vehicle emissions can help to mitigate air pollution.
In the World Health Organization's 10ug/m3 air quality standards. For every 10 ug/m3 increase in air pollution, the death rate from respiratory diseases increases by 0.29 per cent. Energy efficiency increases. Automotive energy efficiency increases from 15 per cent to 80 per cent.
No cycle limits, the theoretical efficiency of the fuel car combustion engine is about 40%, while the actual efficient energy output efficiency is about 15%, except for the loss of the slowness, the transmission system, etc., which causes a huge waste of energy. However, the pattern of operation of electric vehicles varies greatly, with energy losses concentrated mainly on the electrical resistance of batteries and power generators.
Consumption and transmission losses can be reduced to very low levels for kinetic and thermal energy. Overall, electric cars use up to 80 per cent of energy efficiency, and, from an energy point of view, motor motorization can become a long-term trend in the transformation of the crude economy into a circular and environmentally friendly economy.
2.2. Rapid growth and long-term industrial trends are clear and sustained. The global new energy automobile industry has grown rapidly in recent years. According to data released by v-volumes, the global volume of new energy vehicles sold in 2018 was 2,018 million vehicles, compared to the same number.
Since 2013, sales have been growing at a high rate, up from three years. International automobile companies have also moved to a full-blown new energy car development program: in 2025, Audi will have a full-fledged car electricization, and Mercedes will have 15 to 25% pure electric motor vehicles, BMW.
Twenty-five new energy vehicles will be launched. Bba has started the new energy car market, and now Benz, Audi, BMW have released their first electric suv-eqc, e-tron, and ix3, respectively, and the global motorization trend is very clear.
As the main force in the development of new energy vehicles around the world, we are home to thousands of vehicles, of which electric power is sold at a yearly rate of 760,000, an increase of 69 per cent over the same period. In 2018, the total share of sales was more than half the world. The penetration rate of new energy vehicles rose by 5.6 per cent.
The main requirements for vehicle power cells are high energy density (which provides vehicles with longer mileage within unit size and mass), long life, and reliable safety. Our subsidy standards for new energy vehicles are also directly linked to the battery’s energy density.
To ensure safety, travel miles are raised as high as possible, and car performance and safety are enhanced. The figure below reflects, for example, the current state of power cell development versus short-term targets in the United States.
Industry concentration is increasing, with cities accounting for nearly 50%. With the growth of the new energy automobile industry, the demand for power tanks is rising, and according to data released by ggii, the concentration of the country’s power cell loads has increased from 56.8gwh in the first half of 2019 to 53.8% in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2019, companies ranked first 10th in terms of total installed power, accounting for about 26.4gwhh, or 88% of the industry. Of this, 43.7% were installed in the Ningde era, and the company’s share in the domestic market has been steadily increasing since 2015, and industry’s leadership has been increasing.
From 2016 to 2018, the total number of global power batteries was 43.4gwh, 56.8gwh and 97.0gwh, while the industry’s global cities of the Ningde era were 14.4%, 18.6% and 21.9%, respectively.
Energy planning was ambitious and the first four were robust for the second consecutive year since 2017. Catl, Thong, Biade, and lgc were the top four countries in the world from 2017 to 2018, and in the last two years, Cr4 was 54.4% and 62.8%, respectively, with market shares not equal.
Moreover, head companies still maintain large capital expenditures, and the trend towards increasing total battery output and increasing industry concentration will become more pronounced as the production capacity of the plant is planned. At present, the current capacity of catl is about 32 gwh, after 36.5 gwh of lg chemistry.
Both are far ahead of others, and later on, with the end of the production line, the lead will be in one. The lead for head producers will be not only technologically and productively, but also in terms of the ability of their excellent clients to dig and defend themselves.
The supply chain of the international mainstream car company, igc, pine and tristarsdi, has also entered into extensive cooperation with the whole company, with high-quality downstream customers providing long-term and adequate orders to head battery manufacturers, and the concentration of industry resources to head manufacturers has been further strengthened.
The manufacturing fund and experience of the core team are the cornerstones of the company's development.
Good business management team for the battery industry experience, manufacturing blood, entrepreneurial genes: Founder and President of Source Science and Technology and Director, formerly Vice-President, Senior Vice-President and General Manager of Energy Equipment, tdk Cutting Company; Vice-President, Mr. Lee Ping, Bachelor of Arts, Kwandan University, Central European Institute of International Business and Industry
Emba, 1996-2002, Executive Director, Shanghai Gesellschaftsprüfer Engineering Ltd., 2003-2017, Executive Director, Shanghai Quetta Enterprise Development Ltd., 2012-present, Executive Director and General Manager, Inga Investment, 2014-present, Executive Director, Shanghai Quetta Investment Management Ltd.
Mr. Huang Shih-chung, Vice-Chairman, in 2004 and 2009 as Director General of New Energy Research and Development, Dong-jung, from 2009 to 2011; Mr. jiazhou, General Manager, Master ' s Degree, University of Chicago, from 2000 to 2005, as Adviser on the Bann Advisory Strategy, from 2007 to 2008.
Mr. Wu Yuming, Chairman of the Board, was Director of New Energy Procurement and Information Technology in East China from 2006 to 2012.atl was co-founded in 1999 by Tsang Gang and Chiefs of the Japanese tdk subsidiary, Liang Changang, Chen Jinghua.
Many of the company’s core members have been fighting attl. Atl is the world’s leading producer and innovator of lithium ion batteries, which are used for smart phones, notebooks, tablets, drones of all kinds, and intelligent homes, virtual/enhanced reality, and electronics that can be worn.
The shape group (tdk) acquired a fully-owned subsidiary and, in 2012, accumulated more than 1 billion electric cores, leaping to the top of global polymer lithium batteries to supply advanced firms in the international community, including apples, Samsung, and Hwa. The founding team’s work experience at Atl was decisive for the subsequent takeoff of catl.
1. Atl represents the international first-class level of lithium batteries for consumption. Teams are familiar with battery manufacturing techniques, crafts, and draw on the management experience of tdk to make the right decisions in business management.
Important to be able to better grasp the pace and pace of enterprise development: 3,atl was the first business start-up for the founders, and the experiences, judgments, visions of successful start-up all had a decisive positive impact on the second start-up, so in the course of the company ' s development, business and the industrial chain developed in collaboration.
The close downstream cooperation, the pace of financing, is very much in line with the logic of industrial development, so the company has entered the fast lanes of the exhibition, and in just a few years, the gap between it and its counterparts has widened, and the product market has risen to 3.2.
3.2.1 Control upstream resources to contain cyclical fluctuations (Lithium, Cobalt, Nickel) are currently heavily used in the market for passenger vehicles in the form of a large number of metal elements, including li, co, ni, mn, etc.
The purchase cost of this trinity material will significantly influence the long-term decline trend in lithium batteries. At this stage, the cost of the trinity core ncm 523 is at $0.65/kw, while the 1gwh battery usually contains 200 tons of co (in metal content) and 650 tons of lithium carbonate, representing 6.5% and 7.0% of the cost, respectively.
The cost of batteries is more than 13% and 10%, respectively. As growth-type consumer goods, the pressure on products to reduce during the introduction of state subsidies is greater, and the price of resources for the cycle needs to be contained in procurement.
In March 2018, the Lithium industry, acquired by the Ningde Sun Replenishment, became the largest controlling shareholder with more than 90% of the shareholdings. The main business of the Lithium industry in North America included lithium mining, mineral selection and smelting, and the Ningde era gained ownership of the lithium mining project, guaranteeing business development.
In November 2018, the Ningde era and other companies, such as Tianhua, invested in the lithium industry to build the capacity of lithium carbonate and complete the layout of lithium resources (including the lithium mine and the recovery of both channels), lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
Glencoreinnationalag is the world's largest commodity trader, founded in 1974 and based in Bar, Switzerland, and the world's leading commodity producer and operator.
In March 2017, the second largest supplier in the Nender era, Grimes, also signed a strategic procurement agreement with KANO, locking in the acquisition of 5.28 million tons of cobalt from 2018 to 2020. Cobalt is a key raw material for motor batteries, including the general population, BMW, apples, etc.
The Bump cycle of the Ninder era has been signed by Greenme, the Qingshan Industries, the imip Park in Indonesia, Sakayama in Japan, and the Qingming Club.
A joint venture agreement between the Indonesian nickel ore for the production of battery-grade nickel chemicals (nickel crystals of sulphuric acid) (50,000 tons of nickel/year) for the construction of an industrial park for the production of battery raw materials from Indonesian nickel resources, the binding of resources with core markets, the pooling of resources, markets with technology, and the linking of upstream nickel resources with downstream markets.
For Canada, the North American Nickel (nan) and Greenland nickel sulphide projects are funded at $15 million. This project will be operational by 2023 or 2024, when nickel demand from electric motor batteries will be on the rise. The project is located 125 km north of Nuke, the capital of Greenland.
In addition, the region has reserves of copper, cobalt, and platinum metals. 3.2.2 Supports medium-sized expansion, heavy-mass security, reduced procurement costs, and the initial development of new energy vehicles is more dependent on policy support, subsidizing the period of official large-scale landing in 2015.
The industry has been growing, but as subsidies have weakened, financial support has gradually been withdrawn from the market, new energy vehicles will compete positively with conventional fuel trucks, and the downturn will be a necessary route to industrial development. As corporate announcements show, the price of battery systems has fallen year after year, with an average annual decline from 2015 to 2018.
At the same time, in order to ensure the quality and quantity of raw materials supplied, the company has been working closely with the China-China core material industry. Figure 25: Cost structure of lithium batteries. Figure 26: Price trends of power cells ($/wh)
The average purchase of raw materials is larger and subject to the price of resources. In 2017, the company purchased positive materials amounting to 3,382 million yuan, or 57 per cent of the total procurement of upstream materials, of which 2,049 million yuan was purchased and 1.35 billion yuan was purchased for phosphate lithium.
The company's main suppliers are Keakin Energy, Bettray, the stock of the stock of the sprouts and Jiangxi Uchi. The company determines suppliers and purchase prices for some of the model products through a bidding process.
The diaphragm dry-wet routes are procured. Star-source materials, Henan Yiteng supply the company with dry diaphragms, Shanghai.
In 2015-2017, the average purchase price for the membrane was on a downward trend, mainly due to the accelerated pace of substitution of national production, and in recent years the technological strength, scale of operations and productivity of the domestic membrane enterprises have increased.
As a result of centralized purchases, prices and Māori rates are relatively low. In addition to being the main supplier, companies use commissioning processes to reduce costs in terms of quality assurance and supply.
Adders, some special additive companies have developed their own production and applied for patents. 3.2.3 Reclamation downstream of the layout, building of a green recycling industry chain. Battery contains a variety of harmful substances, and random disposal will have a significant ecological impact. Lithium batteries are ending their use.
After the life cycle, recovery is required, mainly for environmental and economic reasons. Lithium batteries typically contain the following substances, which, according to 2011 US hazardous substances list data, are considered high-risk substances with scores of more than 1000 ni, co, phosphorus.
Battery material recovery has multiple economic values, including the re-exploitation of energy value and material regeneration. The economic dimension is equally important, and its main components include three aspects: (a) the decommissioning of lithium batteries from high-end appliances, which can still meet the needs of some low-end appliances, usually electric toys, storage facilities, etc.
Recycled ladder utilization can give lithium batteries more value, especially in decommissioned lithium cells;2 even if electrical performance does not meet deeper usage, the relatively rare metals contained therein, such as li, co, c, still have a regenerative value;3 due to some of the metals' regenerative consumption and the regenerative energy of metals.
The company acquired and replenished 69.02% of Bump ' s circulation in 2013 and 2015. Bump ' s cycle is a national professional use of used batteries and end-of-life vehicles.
The company has three major industrial plates: “Tel Cycles, Automobile Cycles, and New Materials.” Bump Cycle Battery Recovery has matured and has achieved the largest recovery and highest recovery rates across the country in 2017, with 98.5% recovery of raw materials.
Bump operates a lithium ion battery material operation to recycle nickel, cobalt, manganese and other valuable metals from used lithium ion batteries through processes such as processing, refining, synthesizing, and the production of lithium ion battery materials, pre-triple drive (cobalt cobalt, manganese, hydroxide, etc.) to allow the nickel, cobalt, manganese and lithium resources to be recycled in the battery industry.
Raw materials for the positive materials of lithium-ion batteries are also one of the key materials for new-energy automobile-powered batteries. In 2017, the company’s power cell business and its lithium-cell material operation were 16,657 million yuan and 2,471 million pieces of business, respectively, will provide greater profitability.
Figure 29: Product recycling process 3.2.4 Co-building batteries at the joint garage, working closely to ensure sales volumes Post-subsidization age, industry under pressure from price pressures and increased competition, firms pre-empting joint ventures or entry
The way in which the unit is managed is in-depthly tied to the mainstream domestic mainframe, which, on the one hand, can work closely together technologically, and, on the other hand, to the powerful domestic mainframe, which expands the business map. As a result, one big country, the gas, the gas, the gas, the wind, the wind, the upper steam, and the car companies of the G6 have entered into a partnership at the equity or operational level with the Ningde era.
Woo-tung, as the leader of the bus industry, has been the biggest customer of the Ninder era, and both sides have been exploring progress at the domestic power cell stage. At the same time, such well-known commercial companies as the Golden Dragon, the Golden Dragon of Suzhou, the Golden Dragon of Nanking, and the Chinese era are the target of the Ninder era.
With the rise of the new energy-car market, apart from Biadi, which is the world’s top battery company, domestic automobile companies have gradually started to tie up their own cell companies.
In particular, the power of new cars, given their own lack of branding in the consumer’s mind, is particularly important, with the market-tested Ninder era becoming the best quality assurance for power systems. 3.2.5 Harvest international orders, binding large overseas plants.
To date, BMW, the general public, Japanese, Honda, Toyota, etc. have all chosen the Ningde era as a supplier of Chinese power cells, while the Ningde era has also been active in setting up Europe and America to compete directly with Japanese and Korean battery companies. With the withdrawal of domestic new energy vehicle subsidies, companies are approaching the global market.
At the same time, competition will begin to leapfrog into the international market. The firm’s domestic dominance in the customer structure is unshakeable, with a unique trend.
Car products. By 2027, the Ningde era would have powered Honda with about 56 gwh's car lithium ion moving batteries, and the two partner cars would have been rolled out to other markets around the world. The collaboration was another large contract overseas, acquired by the company after BMW, the public, and with the global head car accelerating.
The energy car program, the company’s overseas operations, is expected to rise in an outbreak. 3.2.6 Into storage power, ship applications, layout of future markets for ships’ lithium battery applications, phosphate lithium batteries in the Ningde era have been destroyed for safety, long-duration, and large.
Technical difficulties such as power, long-lived life, the battery package system is designed to meet the ship’s requirements using a battery bag that meets the protection level of ip67 or more. The ship market has great potential, and in 2016 the domestic market for electric ships has reached 5.630 billion, and is expected to expand to 963 billion by 2021.
In January 2019, the Ningde era entered the substantive phase of its application in the field of electric ships. The Ningde era collaborated strategically on various aspects of the accreditation and testing of related battery products, and reached an intention to further deepen cooperation and exchange on all aspects of shared resources, technical cooperation, and service upgrades.
A purely electric utility ship, the new energy power rehabilitation project of the Sea Cruiser 12909, which was successfully completed, will carry 0.68 mwhind-era lithium phosphate, which will open another wide market.
The power of growth in 2017 was still derived from household storage, grid storage, and telecommunications base stations. Domestic telecommunications base storage is subject to 4 g’s wide spread and the formation of the Chinese Towers company in 2015, and lithium battery applications in the area of communications will continue to rise.
In the next five years, the combined rate of growth will be more than 15% and the market potential will be higher. Lithium battery technology is advancing rapidly, production costs are falling, the capacity of lithium batteries is becoming more competitive, the application of lithium batteries in the field of storage is becoming more mature and the storage market is starting to start.
There will be a further increase in the volume of lithium batteries delivered during the transition to the primary stage. The Ningde era has now signed a major lithium battery storage project with Fujian Investment Group, among others, to be implemented in three phases, with lithium battery requirements of 0.1gwh, 0.4gwh, and 0.5gwh, respectively.
3.3 The strategic layout came into effect with a financial advantage of 3.3.1 and the profitability of the business income and net profit realized in 2018 in the Ningde era of 296.1, 1.33 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase.
The company's Māori rate has declined significantly, which is closely linked to the fall in the new energy car subsidy, which subsidizes the downside price, the pressure is passed from the mainframe to the battery plant, the unit price of the battery has fallen sharply, and the Māori rate is under pressure. But compared to the same battery industry, the Ninde era still has a lead on Māori, which is 10 pct above the industry average.
Products tend to be standardized, and scale effects drive down cost rates. Companies have significant advantages of scale, with greater power in supply chain management, cost control, pool of talent, technology continuity, customer service.
Costs, particularly management costs (including R & D costs), have stabilized over the period, and as the scale of sales has increased, the ratio of management costs to revenue has declined. As a result of positive cash flows and effective financial planning, financial cost rates have become negative and yield positive returns. R & D has remained intense and invested nearly $2 billion a year.
However, the scale effect was released, with a narrow R & D ratio of 6.7 per cent in 2018, and although the company ' s M & D rate was somewhat narrow, the scale effect led to management and lower R & D rates raising net corporate interest rates again. 100 per cent of the three-year average was taken; in the case of depreciation of fixed assets, the company announced a four-year discount on machinery and equipment.
The old law, which is clearly more stringent than other businesses in the industry, has a positive effect on future profit releases. 3.3.2 Operating efficiency is excellent. In terms of financial management data, the number of working days of corporate receivables and inventory turnover is much lower than that of the same industry.
Enterprises, indicating a firm ' s strong bargaining power in the industrial chain, the speed with which cash returns are made, and the efficiency with which products flow. From 2016 to 2018, the number of working days payable in the Ningde era rose year by year, reaching 108.86 days per week of accounts payable in 2018, which is significantly higher than the average number of working days due from suppliers.
With a strong bargaining power, maturity management is highly effective compared to other power cell companies in the country, which can improve cash flow effectively. In an environment of tight cash flow and structural excess power cell capacity in the industry, the current state of business with high-quality corporate products, high customer quality, inadequate supply of products, and payment before goods are taken out is re-emerged.
The cash flow is positive and the sales return is good. Net cash flows from company operations in 2018 increased by $8,867 million, or 362.04 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year.
Strong cash flow data are all higher than industry averages, and the firm’s strong bargaining power upstream and downstream secures strong cash flow.
The asset-liability ratio is lower than the industry average, with net cash flows from operating activities about twice as high as interest-bearing, a low level of financial risk and a robust structure.
V. Profit forecasting and valuation ratings Enter the integration period, but future markets are large and have a greater advantage than similar enterprises, and are therefore covered for the first time with an “enhanced” rating.
Industry policies have fallen short of expectations.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.