Multi-industry coalification, cycle growth, basic chemicals, chemical materials, a new multi-industry chemical company, a coal-chemical company based on fertilizer and chemical production.
Since 2021, companies have classified polyols, adipic acids, and intermediates into new material products, adding up to new production performance. In 2022, new energy products/organics/fertilizers/acetic acids and derivatives accounted for 48%/20%/18%, respectively.
The company ' s new energy supply plate-related products include, inter alia, endymamine, nylon 6, adipic acid, isocranol and carbonate dimethyl esters, which are rich in production lines, are highly expansionary and can grow over time, and the construction base of companies with strong profits in traditional superior products, such as dmf, urea, acetic acid, etc.
The price of crude oil is 52 weeks of the highest/lowest price for supply and demand, and oil prices are expected to continue to be higher. The energy structure of the country remains “coal-rich, oil-poor”.
The coal industry is driven not only by high economics, but also by strategic demand for alternative energy. Coal industry achieves sustainable, high-quality development in the context of continuous policy renewal.
Coal-powder gasification is one of the most advanced water-powder gas technologies in the country, with a carbon conversion rate of 98 per cent. Effective gases of 83-85 per cent.
The company ' s gasification platform is based on an airborne process of water gas-gasification-conversion (unchanged)-(methanol or co)-synthetic ammonia.
The production of a wide range of chemical and fertilizer products has created a “one-lined” circular economic model. And, in response to cyclical changes in markets and fluctuations in demand, companies can combine products, systems, and parks in a timely manner, optimizing the current product structure and improving the combined benefits.
As of mid-2023, it was reported that the installation of the backbone of the project had been substantially completed, and public utility lines such as utilities were being used.
“Waluhingl (600426.sh) - 2022q3 performance is under pressure, coal-chemicals are long-term leaders, and some of the processes are in the test stage, and this year they will be successfully put into production and will be able to achieve completion.” “Waluhingl (600426.sh) – performance in the first half of the year increased by the same year, with long-term layouts contributing to growth.
Walluheung Litt (600426.sh) - New Energy + New Materials Double-wheel drive, taps speeded up flat and robust and growthable, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Company profile: Multi-occupational Coal Industry Lead
The company was established in April 2000 and placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in June 2002. The company's main business is the manufacture of basic chemical materials, the production and sale of chemical products, and the production and sale of chemical products.
Manufacturing and marketing of specialized chemical products, fertilizer production, thermal production and supply, among others, major product plates, including new energy-related materials, organochlorine, fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, and product lines. Companies have developed industrial and technological platforms for clean gasification, synthesizing, “one-line” flexible multi-products, technology, etc.
The company is also a national standard-setting, industry-standard drafting or revision unit for trichloride, dmf, and dmf is selected as a single national manufacturing champion.
The beneficial control of Walluheung is the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province. Walluheung Corporation is holding a shareholder in Shandong Wahluheung Group Limited, with 31,962% of the company's shares. The Shandong Walluheung Group is a fully-owned subsidiary of the Wallu Holdings Group Limited, which is controlled by the Shandong State Property Supervisory Board.
59.16%. In addition to holding shareholders, the top 10 shareholders include several social security funds, public funds, and also show the recognition and attractiveness of WalluHingl in the capital market. Figure 2: Walluhein ' s equity structure
The number of first awards and the prices awarded for each incentive scheme is improving, the chain of industries is improving, the cycle is growing, the company's product lines are rich, structured in multiple directions, and the risk markets are fragmented and captures multiple market opportunities.
The main products include products related to new energy sources, such as endamide, nylon 6, adipic acid, isocol and carbonate, and organochlorine series products such as dmf (dimethylenediamine), methamine, dimethylamide, trimethylamide, trimethylamide, etc.
i.e., ammonium; fertilizer, dominated by urea; acetic acid and derivatives, mainly acetic acid, acetic anhydride, etc. by-product Ammonium sulfate
As the company’s production line grows, and its size expands, the company’s profitability increases while driving the stock price up. The company continues to operate robustly, consolidating its own strong projects while opening new fields.
The Xingzhou project helped to grow, build a low-cost base, build a new base north of the lake, and expand the strategic layout of the city. The company invested in the construction of a modern coal industry base in Luheung Ying County, which is now planned to build a campus.
The project uses coal as the primary material, using advanced production processes such as multi-spray water slurry plus gasification processes, low-temperature and cold separation processes for gas generation, high-pressure nitrogen gas, and steam. The project uses the project for integrated gas use as the output of the project.
For the production of acetic acid, dmf and methamine for the production of crude synthetic gas for feedstock, there are two main product chains, one for raw synthetic gas, the other for synthetic ammonia, the other for liquid ammonia and co_2 for urea, and the other for the production of acetic acid, dmf and methamine for raw synthetic gas.
Hubei is the country's most important phosphorus, nitrogen fertilizer and oil processing base, with a large number of well-known petrochemical and chemical enterprises in the country. The region's water resources are abundant.
There is an industrial base for the development of a large coal industry base. Jiang Mai County is located on the north bank of the south-central part of Hubei province. It has set up an initial water, land and air traffic network, which is easy to transport, and the marina is one of the main cargo ports of the Yangtze River.
The Yellow Highway is only 30 minutes away from Hao's den, which leads to Chongqing and Shanghai. The Xingzhou project is going well, and new production is starting to increase.
In the mid-2023 reporting period, the installation of the backbone of the Qingzhou-based project was largely completed, public engineering pipelines such as hydroelectric power and gas were used sequentially, and some of the processes went to the test and commissioning stages. The main product of the Qingzhou-based Synthetic Gas Integration Project was 1 million tonnes/year of urine.
The project is expected to generate an average of $5,968 million a year after delivery, for a total of $626 million. The project is mainly based on gasification platforms and public utility projects.
According to the environmental assessment report, projects previously planned under phase II include 200,000 tons of bdo, 160,000 tons of nmp and 30,000 tons of pbat.
Biodegradable Material Integration Project. Nmp is an advanced solvent with a very high degree of extremes and excellent cleaning performance, solubility of polyamide resins is very good, non-toxic, and has extensive applications in a number of fields, such as petrochemicals, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, and electronic materials. In recent years, with the construction of large ethylene installations in the country, special engineering has been carried out.
Plastics development, lubricating oil precision, lithium batteries, etc. are replaced with nmp as solvents, and nmp is more widely used. pbat is a biodegradable plastic with good extenuating and biodegradation properties and significant environmental performance. 1,4-butadiol (bdo) is an important organic and fine chemical feedstock in medicine, chemicals, textiles, paper, paper, etc.
There are extensive applications in a number of industries, such as automobiles and day-use chemicals, which can be used in the production of tetrahydrofurans (thf), polybutylene dibenzoate (pbt), gamma-butyl resins (gbl) and polyurethane resins (puresin), pbat, coatings and plasticizers, and as brighteners in the solvent and plating industries.
The coal industry is developing in health, with firm cost advantages. The crude oil is expected to be high, and the coal industry is expected to show advantages, which, according to the forecast of iea, eia, are expected to remain at a higher range of $80-90 per barrel in the future oil prices of Brent.
The supply side of 0pec+ continues to reduce production, Saudi Arabia and Russia will continue to reduce production until the end of 2023: Russian crude oil will continue to be affected by sanctions, there will be uncertainty about trends in real production, United States strategic oil reserves are entering the replenishment phase, and shale oil capital spending is insufficient and production increases are limited;
As the demand side continues to recover from the global economy, the oil refineries in China and the United States have become more active, and oil demand has recovered mildly, so that overall supply and demand are relatively tight and oil prices are expected to continue to remain high. Opec+ continues to increase its output cuts, with Saudi Arabia and Russia extending production cuts until the end of the 23rd century.
The OPC+ meeting of 4 December decided to maintain the policy of reducing production by 2 million barrels per day (OPC reduced production by 1.27 million barrels per day from May, Saudi Arabia voluntarily reduced production by 500,000 barrels per day, and again voluntarily reduced production by 1 million barrels per day from July. The average daily production of Saudi crude oil has been reduced to 9 million barrels per day, the lowest level in a few years after the birth.
On 5 September 2023, the Kingdom announced once again the extension of the 1 million barrels per day cut from July to the end of 23 years, while Russia extended the 300,000 barrels per day cut in oil exports until the end of the year. The two major suppliers of crude oil announced the extension of the production-resilient oil city, the low-end operation of the supply side, and the constant rise in crude oil prices.
The coal industry is driven not only by high economics, but also by strategic demand for alternative energy sources. The energy structure of the country remains “coal-rich and poor oil and gas and oil and gas dependence. Modern coal industries include kerosene, gas, coal-based hydrocarbons, coal ethanol, coal-based ethanol, coal aromatic hydrocarbons, low-level coal, etc.; traditional coal-based industries are mainly connected.
The Central Economic Workshop called for the strengthening of domestic exploration and development of important energy and mineral resources and the expansion of imports of products such as energy resources; and the National Energy Workshop called for a full-scale upgrading of energy production.
Supply security capacity, use of coal as the base for securing the supply of electricity. It is expected that in 2023 our coal production will continue to grow, and that our country will continue to release the most advanced coal production capacity, promote the growth and distribution of coal minerals, promote the steady growth of coal production in coal-producing mines, bring coal production to production in coal-producing areas, such as Shinjong Yumong, etc.
Production has continued to increase, and large-scale smart coal production has become more efficient and more resilient. Advanced technology support companies have been able to optimize costs and strengthen core competitiveness.
The company ' s gasification platform is mainly produced by empty fractions - water slurry gasification - transformation (unchanged) - (methanol or co) - synthetic ammonia. Using clean gasification technologies, the company converts coal into synthetic gas, which is then deeply processed through synthetic gas, producing a variety of chemical and fertilizer products, forming a "one-line" circular economic model.
In line with cyclical changes in markets and fluctuations in demand, companies can combine products, systems, and parks in a timely manner to optimize the current product structure and improve integrated benefits.
Pulse gasification is one of the most advanced technologies in the country, with a 98% carbon conversion rate.
In 1985, the University of Technology began a laboratory theoretical study of multi-pells on water-pump gasification processes, started construction of test units in 1996 and became operational in 2000. According to the EPR, companies have eliminated one of their backward old plant gas-making units and one of the big nitrogen fertilizer units.
Four nozzle gas furnaces, all of which generate more single furnaces for follow-on devices than for old ones.
In the beginning, clean coal technology was introduced in the country.
After this, emphasis was placed on regulating and regulating the coal industry, promoting the formation of large coal enterprises and conglomerates, emphasizing environmental factors and energy conservation, and promoting the promotion of alternative technologies such as coal and biomass.
Advanced technology and management models: Modern coal industry focuses on the promotion and application of new technologies, identifying environmental access conditions and a catalogue of investment projects.
The policy is designed to balance the use of resources, environmental protection and economic efficiency.
The main products of the company are based on basic chemicals, nitrogen fertilizers and a wide range of applications. The main upstream raw materials of the product are benzene, acrylic, coal, of which the main upstream raw materials are benzene, the main upstream raw materials for HFA, and the main upstream raw materials for isocone, and the main upstream raw materials for carbonate, urea, dmf and acetic acid are coal.
The company’s income structure fluctuates as markets change, and the share of new material products is higher.
(b) Performance, with 48 per cent of the new material product portfolio received in 2022, and the remaining main business section, consisting of methamphetamine, fertilizer, acetic acid and derivatives, with 20 per cent, 18 per cent and 7 per cent respectively.
In 2022, Māori accounted for the highest proportion of the organic powder business, 39 per cent, followed by new material products (26 per cent), fertilizers (25 per cent), acetic acids and derivatives (7 per cent). Overall, the new material product business portfolio received a high percentage, organicamine, fertilizer operations were more profitable and acetic acid and derivatives performed weakly.
Quick, the company’s revenue and the Maori structure are prone to a certain amount of volatility. New energy sources are rich, expanding and growing.
Polymethyl carbonate, etc. Pa6 and Pa66 Industrial Chains are currently in possession of the endamide-pa6 production line and the endacid-pa66 industrial chain is under construction.
Inneramphetamine (cpl) is an important monomer in the production of nylon6 and nylon6 engineering plastics, with excellent thermal stability, characterization, processing, mechanical and chemical resistance.
The main areas of consumption abroad are fibres (civil, industrial, carpet), engineering plastics and food packaging films, which are widely used in the areas of cars, ships, medical products, daily goods, electronics and electronic components. In addition, HFA is also used for the production of anti-blood.
Small plate drugs 6-aminohexic acid, etc. are widely used. Domestically, after-processing equipment and technology are limited, mainly for curtain sheets, civil silk, engineering plastics, etc. Currently, the main manufacturing process for the industrialization of the world is the cyclohexone-hydrazine route, based on the reloading of cyclohexone-Beckman, i.e., benzene.
or pure benzene as a feedstock, after intermediate products such as cyclohexol, cyclohexone, cyclohexone, cyclohexone, etc., resulting in the use of sulfate or phosphate as a catalyst for re-emission response, and, at the supply end, since 2018, production of intraamide in China has generally increased, with new materials such as nylon6 being the subject of nylon.
In terms of prices, prices have fluctuated between $12,000 and $16,000 per tonne since 2021, close to the trend in the price of pure benzene at the end of the raw material. In terms of exits and exits, China’s imports and exports have declined since 2018.
Self-sufficiency and dependence on imports are increasing, while export markets are expanding. Figure 11: Monthly imports and exports of endamide in our country (tonnes)
The nylon fibres are synthetic fibres with light, miller-resistant, waterproof features that can be used in the areas of clothing, home, industry, etc.; the nylon film is a thermal plastic engineering plastic with excellent heterogeneity and can be used for food packaging, pharmaceutical packaging, electronic components.
; auto parts, such as engine hoods, water tanks, fan blades, oil tanks, etc., which have high temperature, oil resistance, shock resistance, etc., which enhances the performance and safety of cars; electronics products, such as plugs, switches, connectors, coils, etc., which are well insulated and age-resistant, which enhances electronic power.
Since 2018, China has seen an upward trend in production of Pa6 and, in the first half of 2023, production has declined at a rate of 6.26 million tons, with a more modest increase in supply at the end of the construction capacity of domestic Pa6 firms. In terms of prices, since 2021, Pa6 prices have been close to the price trend of vinylamide, with price differentials.
In terms of imports and exports, the import volumes of China ' s Pa6 have been in shock since 2018. Figure 21: Pa ' s 6-week inventory (days) takes stock of the long-silent terminal ' s recovery and heats up upstream demand. Stock cycles show that Chinese textile clothing and clothing
The stock of finished products in the apparel industry is equal to or at the bottom of the cycle, and there is a tendency to rebound upwards, with the industry or entering a period of active refilling, triggering up-silver demand. The retail sales of Chinese clothing shoes and caps are also low in water, but still positive, that is, growing, and we see a recovery of long-silent end-states and a return to upstream demand.
China is the world’s largest producer and consumer of adipic acid, and exports are much larger than imports. The area of downstream use of adipic acid is concentrated mainly in the nylon plate (pa66) and polyurethane (shoe sole, pulp, tpu, etc.)
In both cases, it can be used as a feedstock for the production of products such as 1.6-hexadiol, powder coating, etc., which are important in chemical production, machine-synthetic industry, medicine, and lubricant manufacturing.
Two sets of 160,000 tons of adipic acid are in place at Warru Hengl, one based on benzene, and the production of adipic acid using the cyclohexane process route: one based on benzene and the production of adipic acid using the cyclohexene process route.
The cyclohexol reaction is generated; then crystallized, reinforced, centrifugated with coarse diacetic acid; dissolved, activated carbon bleached again crystallized, reinforced, centrifugated, and dryed with the product quintessentially adipic acid. Currently, the global supply is relatively adequate, and the market competition is particularly intense, leading to the industry experiencing a positive and suboptimal victory.
In the short term, the industry faces multiple pressures, including excessive concentration of production capacity, low downstream demand, strengthened environmental protection policies and increased intra-industry competition.
Gradual recovery and related policy implementation are expected to increase downstream demand. The domestic break-up in thorium technology is expected to usher in a new growth cycle, and the pbat sector still has a large amount of productive input, under the influence of a restraining order.
Figure 25: Monthly imports/exports of adipic acid in our country (tonnes of tons) Figure 28: Workload rate for adipic week (%) Figure 29: Business stock of adipic acid (tonnes of tons)
Polydihydrazine dichloride (pa66), also known as nylon 66, obtained by americ acid and dichloride, obtained by diazine plus hydrogen. nylon 66 is a good polymeric material for chemical fibres and engineering plastics, characterized by high mechanical strength, steel, resilience, grinding, oil-resistant, heat-resistant, light, corrosion-resistant, corrosion-resistant.
Good features such as ageing are widely used, in addition to clothing and fabrics, in the manufacture of spare parts for machinery, automobiles, chemicals and electrical devices. The largest share of engineering plastics in downstream products in Pa66 in 2022 was 57%, followed by civil silk 29% and industrial silk 10%.
Since 2019, the production of Pa66 has been rising year by year, reaching 300,000 tons in the first half of 2023, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period. Imports have gradually decreased, and exports have slightly increased. As of 21 September, the rate of pa 66 starts near 65 per cent of the central water supply; 6 days of inventory, a moderate low level.
Figure 33: Downstream consumption structure of Pa66 in 2022: Figure 35: Monthly inventory of Pa66 (day) The demand for and market size of the country ' s engineering plastics industry have increased year by year.
Science, technology, innovation, and their applications in material sciences have also contributed to the development and production of new materials, such as high-performance composites, bio-based materials, and have further broadened the application of engineering plastics.
The main production process for octanol in the country is the acetylated synthesis, based on acetylene, derived from acetylated reaction, followed by hydrogenification response.
ethanol. The main downstream applications of octanol are plasticizers, such as dotp, diococtate periphenyldimethylate (dop). Imports of ethanol are higher than exports, but exports increased significantly in 2022.
Installation parking and repairs, supply of octanol with a low stock and a rebound in market prices. Figure 43: The octanol weekly port stock in Jiangsu province (tonne tons) Dimethyl carbonate
Dimethyl carbonate is an important solvent for the new energy lithium cell electrolyte, and is the main source of polycarbonate, photofiltration, medicine, and two electrolyte solutions, methyl ester carbonate and diethyl carbonate. Polycarbonate is the largest downstream application of carbon dimethyl acid in the country, accounting for about 45% of the total, mainly for the production of optical mirrors and anti-diethyl carbonate.
The electrolyte solution is the second largest downstream application, accounting for about 34%, mainly for the production of lithium cell electrolyte, which is growing rapidly as new energy vehicles and mobile equipment flourish. Other downstream applications include traditional solvents such as glue, visual fluids, paints, etc.
In the area of carbonate, the production process in the country is mainly the ester exchange method, the liquid phase hysterics method and the urea two-step method, which includes the epoxypropane exchange method and the ethylene epoxy exchange method.
See, the ester exchange process is the most mature, with high production safety and product acceptance; the use of copper compounds for liquid phase-based catalysts on the side of catalysts and reactors, with greater corrosivity to equipment; and the two-step urea decomposition of urea with contaminated products in terms of cleaner production and environmental protection.
The production process is dominated by the exchange of ethylene oxides. Since 2021, the production of dimethyl carbonate has increased at a higher rate and is still in the development stage, with a net gain of around 4000 yuan per tonne after 2021. Figure 46: Prices and price differentials for dimethyl carbonate (Mt/tons)
Figure 47: Structure of our downstream consumption of dimethyl carbate in 2022
The production capacity of the three electrolyte solution products of methyl ester and diethyl carbonate, which are owned by the company, provides diversified product choices and flexibility to meet the diversified needs of different customers and increases market competitiveness.
bd0 Industrial chains bdo-nmp and bdo-pbat are included in company planning projects.
There are widespread applications in all sectors, and the compound can be used for the production of tetrahydrofurans (thf), polybenzoate diols (pbt), gamma-butane resins (gbl) and polyurethane resins (puresin), pbat, coatings and additives, as well as as for the brightening of the solvent and plating industries.
The industrial chain, 49 per cent, benefited mainly from the increase in the production of ptmeg ' s main downstream ammonia, followed by the construction of pbt with 24 per cent plastics and 18 per cent gamma-butyl esters.bdo produced 980,000 tons in the first half of 2023, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year; bdo exports increased significantly in 2023.
Imports have been relatively low. Market prices in Bdo have been low, stock has been relatively flat in 2023, and the climate has yet to recover.
Figure 53: Monthly imports and exports of our bdo (tonnes) Figure 56: Workload rate per week (%) Figure 57: bdo weekly business stock (tonnes)
Nmp (n-methamphetamine) is an advanced solvent with a very high degree of extremes and excellent cleaning performance, solubility of polyamide resins is very good, non-toxic and has extensive applications in a number of fields, such as petrochemicals, pesticides, pharmaceuticals and electronic materials. Special engineering plastics have been introduced in recent years with the construction of large ethylene installations in the country.
The development, lubricating oil precision, lithium batteries, etc. have been converted to nmp as a solvent, and nmp has been used more widely. In the second half of 2023, nmp market prices have remained low. pbat is a biodegradable plastic with good extenuating and biodegradation properties and significant environmental performance.
Figure 58: nmp market price (millions per ton) Figure 59: pbat market price (millions per ton)
Organamine: The company is the world’s largest and historically low-intensity producer of dmf. The company’s organamine series consists mainly of products such as dmf (dimethylamide), mehamamine, diamamine, and triamamine, of which dmf is a company-owned product.
As a chemical feedstock, it is a solvent with a wide range of applications in polyurethane (pu), medicine, pesticides, food additives, electronics, etc. Dmf currently uses two main production processes: methanol, where methanol and ammonia react to catalysts to produce melamine, and methanol as catalysts.
Reaction generation dmf; second, acetic acid, which is expected to react with methamamine under a catalyst to produce dmf. Methanol has the advantage of low feedstock cost, high product quality, and is the most widely used worker in the country and abroad, which sustained growth in production in 2021-2023, oversupply in the domestic market and exports above imports.
Depending on the supply-demand relationship, the price of dmf, the price difference, the stock are currently at a lower level, and dmf swims downstream in the country, with a majority of polyurethane (pu) slurry, or 54%. Pu slurry is mainly used in the manufacture of bags, clothing, footwear, etc. Food and electronic grades account for 20%, mainly for products such as sweets, electrolytes, and so on.
The ratio of pharmaceutical intermediates is about 18 per cent, mainly for synthetic antibiotics, pesticides, etc. Figure 64: Dmf Weekly Workload Rate (%): Figure 65: dmf Weekly Enterprise Stock (tonnes)
The company’s dmf Māori rate is among the top in the industry. Because of the high volatility in the price of dmf and price differentials, and in the firms involved, the dmf Māori rate is also very volatile, and Walluzhengl, with its strong cost-control capacity, is able to maintain its positive advantage, and the Māori rate is in the forefront of the industry.
Therefore, the Māori rate of the organicamine series (dmf is the dominant product) is used in Waruheungl, and the Rüsey Chemical industry uses the Māori rate of the basic chemical product plate (which mainly includes methane chloride and dmf, etc.) as a reference. Fertilizer: urea dominated by agriculture, company traditional advantage projects
Fertilizers are important inputs for agricultural production and for the development of agricultural production and the country’s food security. In terms of the structure of the products, the company’s fertilizer business is a nitrogen fertilizer industry, dominated by urea, which is used mainly for agricultural production and industrial processing.
The downstream structure of the domestic urea market is dominated by the agricultural sector, which includes fertilizers for agriculture (53%) and compost (16%), which together accounts for 69%. The agricultural sector is mainly used for direct application or for the processing of phosphorus and potassium fertilizer into compost, which is then applied to crops, mainly maize, rice, wheat, vegetables, etc. The industrial sector accounts for about 25% of the total.
To be used in the manufacture of products such as aluminum resin (in the area of man-made plates), melamine, car urea. Based on the continued growth of the global population and rising demand for food, the demand for urea in agriculture is relatively rigid.
Since the third quarter of this year, the price of urea has been higher and the price difference has been higher. urea exports have been higher than imports, and our monthly urea imports and exports (tonnes) have been driven by domestic and foreign demand, low inventories, and the international situation.
The company’s urea has a leading cost advantage for the plate. The company will further consolidate its core product’s urea cost advantage in 2022.
Figure 73: Changes in urea (or corresponding plate) Māori rates in some enterprises where data on urea Māori rates are not disclosed separately by the day and therefore use their fertilizer plate Māori rates as a percentage
urea is subject to continuous change in policies in the fertilizer sector. Policies focus on supply security, price stability, energy efficiency, carbon reduction, industrial optimization, commercial reserves, and resource utilization. These policies not only reflect integrated government regulation at different levels and at different times, but also demonstrate a clear direction towards environmentally sustainable and high-quality development.
In 2022, the Department of State promoted rural revitalization throughout the year, adjusted agricultural production reserves, such as fertilizers, to promote stable prices. In 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission, among others, issued to promote a smooth industrial economy and secure the prices of important raw materials, such as iron ore, fertilizers, and primary products, further strengthened the regulation of commodity futures and spot markets.
The energy efficiency focus area in the energy-intensive sector was reduced by its expansion in mid-July 1987 (National Development Reform Commission 2020, Guidelines for the Implementation of Energy Conservation and Carbon Transformation Improvement in the synthetic ammonia sector, set out that, by 2025, the synthetic ammonia sector will have more than energy efficiency pole levels).
· . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
9 sectors such as ethylene, px, coal-based methanol, coal-based hydrocarbons (ethylene, acetylene), coal-based ethanol, acetic acid and other “two-high” projects with no capacity to produce, project upgrade approvals and window guides