The new project is starting to give new impetus to the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• The price of raw materials has fallen and the performance of q3 has increased slightly in the previous three quarters. The company's performance has declined in the previous quarter, and the q3 performance ring has recovered steadily, with a 10.8% increase in the yield ring and a 31.3% increase in the parent net profit ring.
Derivatives q3 are valued at $3161 per ton, ring ratio + 15.9%, and the fall in the average price of the main business product has put short-term pressure on the company’s performance. As the prices of acetic acid and fertilizer have recovered slightly, demand pulls are expected to lead to a sustained expansion of performance and capacity.
Planning for the first phase of four gas incinerators and accessories (three open one) with two empty sub-sets, three high-temperature high-pressure coal-powder boilers, based on synthetic gas, with advanced high-efficiency synthesis and low-energy urea industries, 1 million tonnes/year urea production units; and the introduction of advanced methanol-based synthesis technology, with construction
1 million tonnes/year Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid Production Devices: Integrated Biodegradable Materials Project with Advanced Low Pressure Synthesis, Exposure Production dmf Technology, 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf Production Devices. 2nd Quantities produced 200,000 tonnes/bdo, 160,000 tonnes Nmp and 30,000 tonnes/pbat Biodegradable Materials Integration Project, 100,000
Tons/year acetic anhydride project, melamine resin monomer project, melamine monomer material and product optimization project. Two nylon 66 units with 40,000 tonnes/year production in Texas; and a self-dipose device with 200,000 tonnes/year production: a new plant with 42,000 tonnes/year production capacity.
The country’s coal-chemical industry leads to a “multiline” of high-quality development. The company was founded in 1968 and is based on more than 40 products from four large plates: chemical fertilizers, basic chemicals, new chemicals, new energy materials, etc.
Net gasification technology, which builds an industrial technology platform for sustainable development, creates a “one-line” revolving multi-purpose business model; companies are high-technology enterprises with technology development centres and planning research institutes, now have more than 190 national patents and a core set of technologies, and more than 20 results have been obtained nationally, industry and Shandong.
The Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award provides continuous technological research and development and system optimization. The ongoing extension of existing industrial chains and the upgrading of products provide the basis for high-quality enterprise development.
The company's predecessor is the Tokukawa Fertilizer Plant, which was established in 1968. Sundong Hualu Heung-Lung Group Ltd. is the main industry company of the Wallau Group, which has five holding subsidiaries, with a total assets of 40 billion yuan and 6,000 employees.
The company is a high-technology enterprise with a technology development centre and a planning research institute and a national skill master.
There are more than 190 national patents and a core set of technologies, and more than 20 results have been awarded national, industry and Shandong Science and Technology Progress Awards, of which “300,000 tons of synthetic ammonia packages and critical equipment development and applications” have been awarded.
The company is also a national standard-setting, industry-standard drafting or revision unit for trichloride, dmf, etc., and has sponsored the drafting of a code for the safety of chemical installations in Shandong province, dmf being selected as a single national manufacturing champion, through the Iso9001 quality system, the Iso14001 environmental system, the ohsas 18001 occupational health and safety management system.
For eight years, energy efficiency leaders in coal-based synthetic ammonia, methanol, acetic acid, etc. have been evaluated. Economic indicators such as asset quality, investment efficiency, operating efficiency, manual efficiency, etc. have long been at the forefront of the same type of business, and have been selected for the more than 500 companies listed on the list.
The State Finance Committee of the State Council has identified the state-owned priority companies as leading companies, leading the world’s leading companies, leading the coal-based fine-chained industrial companies, and the Shandong Province. Hualuin has been starting his business since 1968, and has gone through several major stages of development, ranging from staggering, survival, and technology.
It's going from solid foundations, boost efficiency, to strong masters, to multiple, from storage, transformational upgrading to high-end layout, and high-quality development, with Warluheing rising to a footprint and gradually becoming an industry leader. Equity control is concentrated, corporate governance is clear. The company is controlled by the Shandong State Treasury.
According to the structure of the business administration, the State Treasury of Shandong Province manages the operations of listed companies through the Wallau Holdings Group. The company’s main subsidiary is the Juluhingung (Jingzhou) Limited.
It also provides industrial services such as development planning, engineering, project management, equipment manufacturing, etc.
The company is a new chemical company that produces multi-occupational co-productions, and its main activities include: manufacture of basic chemical materials; production and marketing of chemical products; manufacture and marketing of specialized chemical products; and production of fertilizers;
The main product plates include new energy-related products, organochlorine, fertilizers, acetic acids and derivatives, and the volatility of the company’s main products, which are expected to recover. The chemical industry is characterized by low demand for downstream consumption, high overcapacity, increased homogenous competition, etc. due to the complex international environment and poor economic recovery.
Upstream raw material highs, product price inverts, etc., severely compressed business efficiency space, and industry operations went to the low end. Corporate finance, sales rates were on a downward trend and management costs were stable. Corporate management costs rebounded from year to year, mainly as a result of lower depreciation rates in the current period. Financial costs fall from year to year, largely as a result of lower expense on interest on cost conversion during the current period.
Among the company’s main business products, there has been a significant increase in the sales of new energy-related products, mainly as a result of the gradual release of production capacity. The prices of the products have recovered slightly from the same prices for acetic acids and derivatives; and the prices of the organamide series have fallen considerably, both in terms of cost and downstream demand.
Combining historical data on prices, 23 years of prices have been affected by demand, and taking into account the gradual recovery of the downstream landscape, prices have been slow to recover Assumption 3: Corporate organochlorine products sold 500,000 tons in 2023-2025, 700,000 tons, 880,000 tons: price calendar 5 - Other business of the company, other revenue collections and Maori basic stability.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the company for the period 2023-2025 as follows:
Downstream demand falls short of expectations, the price of raw materials rises sharply, and the capacity to deliver falls short of expectations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.