The Bank of Merchants (600036.sh) reported three-quarters of a reduction in net interest differentials, strategic stability of great wealth, banks and joint-stock banks.
Roe remained high. The company earned 26.4 billion yuan (+5.3 per cent) in the first three quarters, resulting in a net profit of 10.6 billion yuan (+14.2 per cent). Of this, 85.7 billion yuan (+3.7 per cent) in the first three quarters, a net profit of 37.5 billion yuan (+15.5 per cent) in the first three quarters, and 18.2 per cent in the first three quarters, after annualization.
Actively optimises the negative structure of the capital, with a narrow net interest margin. The loan balance at the end of September was 7.09 chenjun!iang@guosen.com.cn asset end, financial institutions ' discounted real economy, with a loan return of 4.48% in the third quarter, compared to the second quarter.
7bps down, but companies actively compressed low-yielding corporate assets, yielding interest-bearing assets in three quarters, 2bps, mainly due to poor capital markets performance and lower residential risk preferences this year, and increased time deposits to meet residents’ needs. But companies compressed high-cost bonds, and three-quarter interest-bearing liability costs.
In the first half of the year, the net revenue from fees increased by only 0.02 per cent, mainly $25.6 billion, or 13.10 per cent less.
The annual capital market performance was poor, with corporate agency funds and agency trust revenues falling by 46.89 per cent and 47.88 per cent, respectively. However, companies increased the supply of guaranteed-type insurance products, with agency insurance revenues increasing by 22.3 per cent, and management fees increased by 22.3 per cent over the previous three quarters to a total of 39.5 billion yuan (for wealth).
Rich + capital + hosting, 4.5% drop in the same year. Bad exposures but risks are manageable; non-credit credit impairments are reduced, but loan letters are further increased by 4bps, 30bps, and 19bps.
The impact of lending operations, non-performing loans, interest in loans, overdue loan balances, and share of loans are all higher than at the end of the previous year.
Bank of Merchants (600036.sh) - Volatility in wealth business, but not change for the long term, is an increase of $22.8 billion. Non-credit assets are lost by $16.1 billion, a decrease of $28.9 billion.
A provision of 456 per cent, an increase of 1.6 percentage points from the end of June. Investment proposal: short-term pressure on performance under shocks such as the epidemic. But corporate core competitiveness is excellent management.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.