Focusing on opportunities for intervention in over-deep repair and out-of-the-point recovery, three-quarter returns of net profit to mothers increased by 14.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with higher rates being reported, profit growth still mainly from scale, provision and tax contributions, a slight increase in revenue, and full credit with prior prudentiality.
The impact of real-estate risk on the quality of the company’s assets has gradually become apparent, particularly in the event of a loan break since the second half of last year, stock prices and valuations reflect pessimistic expectations that are adequate, and firm profitability, capital, and provision levels remain high.
The strong power of the industry, its customer base, its technological systems and its wealth channels are difficult to regain, and as the risks associated with the company ' s real estate are recognized and business restructuring accordingly, the concerns of the previous period will gradually be addressed, with attention paid to opportunities for intervention in over-deep repairs and out-of-treat settlements, and to maintaining a higher rating.
In the first three quarters of the year, the merchant banks increased their net return profits by 14.21% over the same period, and their profitability and capital strength continued to rise.
In the first place, net interest income has decreased by the same year as the same year, and the three-quarter interest-rate gap has decreased by a smaller margin. Second, net revenue from fees has remained positive under the same pressure. Third, other non-interests have been driven by silver rents.
Fourth, the indicator relating to asset quality has continued since the third quarter of last year by 9.9 per cent, especially the non-lending portion of the direct counter-feeding profit. The stock credit provision coverage has increased real estate pressure and the economy is over-expected.
"Bank for Merchants: Acquire, Awaiting a Better Job" "Bank for Merchants: A Greater Lead" 20211023 S.S.I.S.A.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Banks: share-based banksii Recruiting banks returned $10,692.22 billion in net profit to their mothers in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 14.21 per cent in the same year. Net interest income increased by 7.6 per cent in the same year.
Net fee income was equal, operating income grew 5.34 per cent year-on-year, total assets grew 4.95 per cent at the beginning of the year and loans grew by 14.21 per cent year-on-year in the first three quarters of the year.
Net revenue from fees has remained essentially the same, with a slight increase in negative growth in the single quarter of the third quarter, and performance has remained positive, given the size of the stock and market pressures. Third, other interest-free payments, driven by silver rents, have increased by 7.6 per cent over the same period, increasing at a faster rate. Fourth, asset quality indicators, which have continued the trend since the third quarter of last year, have improved slightly, and have remained stable.
1 - 3 season net interest differentials have decreased slightly and the absolute advantage has remained prominent 3 - under absolute size, market pressure and triple repression of base, with matching fees and fees, with a 0.02 per cent increase in net revenue over the same period and a single quarterly charge of 3 quarters - under absolute size, market pressure and triple suppression of base
The other net non-interest income is $26,951 million, an increase of 7.64 per cent over the same year, mainly due to increased rent-for-money rental income.4
The asset quality-related indicators have continued the trend since the last three quarters, with a slight upward trend. The three-quarter negative rate was 0.95 per cent, which is the same as the previous quarter. Concern was expressed that the negative loan balance had fallen by 1 per cent in the quarter and the negative loan balance had risen by 1.24 per cent over the previous quarter.
Corporate write-offs and disposals remained high, with a total of $42.6 billion in non-performing loans disposed of in the first three quarters of the announcement, an increase of $15.5 billion over the medium term. Of this amount, $17.4 billion was approved, $10.4 billion was securitized, $9.5 billion was cleared and $4.6 billion was disposed of in other ways, compared to the medium-term period, when the main nuclear inventory was cleared and the size of the property continued to roll back.
The total business balance for credit risk, such as group-calibre real estate credit, bonds, etc., amounted to $47,37.27 billion in three quarters, down 4.05 per cent from the previous quarter. The total business balance for non-credit risk, such as group finance, loan credits, surcharge trusts, bonds, etc., amounted to $31,4103 million, down from January-September, when companies generated a quarterly ring for non-performing loans to public property.
5. Loan provision has increased, non-loan provision has been made for nursing, stock credit provision has been smooth and stock provision has declined by 9.9% in the previous three quarters, compared to the same year, and the loss of impairment has been counterproductive. The split shows that the loan has lost $22.8 billion on the same loan, $28.9 billion on the same loan, and the non-loan portion has been less than the same, and the non-lending portion has been adequately financed in the preceding period, particularly in the form of a non-lending portion, with a continuous mitigation of the credit impairment increase.
7; high profitability, capital advantage continues to intensify; rising real-estate pressure and economic downside over-predictations lead to a deterioration in asset quality; banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development; macroeconomic developments affect the operation of the real economy, as well as profitability, and thus the asset quality of the banking sector.
Volume performance. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.