The rate of growth of profits has recovered twice a quarter in a row. 22q1-3 won yoy + 5.3 per cent (Run-0.8 pt), resulting in a net profit of yoy + 14.2 per cent (Run-0.7 pt). Of this, net and middle interest income has increased at a weak rate and net interest income has increased at a steady rate. 22q3 single-quarter net interest differentials of 2.36 per cent, ring ratio
-1bp, narrow reduction; average interest-bearing assets per season increase by 10.9%, ring ratio + 0.2 pct, to add to the price. Medium > retail aum growth rate has fallen, or has been phased down. 22q3 retail aum equals increase 1. Merchant Bank (600036.sh) has a detailed report in the first quarter of 2022.
15.3%, although the ring ratio is down by 5 pct, the overall level is still high. Among these, the following aum solution: market fluctuations, personnel changes, the status of wealth poles remain intact, with an increase of 19.2% compared to the previous year, suggests that financial science and technology is more effective in the excavation of long-tail clients.
The outlook for sales continues to be the “Starship Sea”, and the excellent retail customer base determines the recruitment process. 2. The Merchant Bank (600036.sh) explained in detail in 2021 that the wealth management business will continue to flourish.
Merchant banks: Performance up, Roe back up - bad rate smooth, risk classification prudent. 22 q3 ring comparison, bad rate flat, concern \triangleright \triangleright
4. Bank of Merchants (600036): Perfect collection, annual profit increase + 13bp, overdue rate + 5bp. There has been a slight increase in both the coverage of the provision and the loan ring ratio. The net increase in the amount of concern is for public + 5 billion, credit cards + 1.7 billion, mortgages + 1.3 billion, overdue amounts, public + 700 million, credit cards + 10
The investment proposal: Real Gold is not afraid of fire, and the weak cycle is showing good results, and looks forward to the return of the “Kings” and the return of their net profits for two consecutive quarters, with a steady net profit spread, retail aum and wealth gains or gains.
Figure 1: Summary of cumulative growth in the performance of the employing banks: retail aum stratification and the same rate of growth in the various components
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.