Performance continues to increase, with attention paid to the process of conversion to equity. Jiangsu Bank performed brightly in the second quarter, with net profits rising at the top of the list. Corporate asset quality points to good targets, worse rates, higher coverage. Company core-level capital replenishment at the end of the six-month period.
Billion dollars in debt-to-equity transfer process. Keeping up the growth rating.  Keeping up with the high performance, focusing on the debt-to-equity process.
The Bank of Jiangsu reported a steady increase in its performance and a 22.7 per cent increase in its income in the first half of the year, with the difference between the same and the same rate, which contributed to a 33.2 per cent increase in net interest income; and a 25.2 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of the year, which kept the company at the top of the list.
In the first half of the year, the Bank of Jiangsu’s loans remained active, 10.8 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, and are expected to benefit from the regional economy’s strong demand for credit. Among these, loans from businesses and retail loans increased by 18.4 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively, from the beginning of the year.
The bill fell by 35% from the beginning of the year. In July-August, the Jiangsu region experienced repeated outbreaks, or caused short-term disturbances in the demand for credit.
Under the circumstances, improving the same-year downside from the cost of the end of the liability (19bp). We believe that the main reasons for this improvement are: (i) driven by the end of the loan, the balance of deposits in the first half of the year was higher than at the beginning of the year, and the impact of the epidemic was to focus on asset quality dynamics.
The company speeds up the disposal of bad asset write-offs, with a negative rate of 8bp to 1.16 per cent below the end of the two seasons; is concerned about the increasing severity of adverse findings. Given the potential impact of the epidemic, it is recommended that asset quality developments be tracked.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality; regulatory controls have exceeded expectations.
Jiangsu Bank published its semi-annual report for 2021, with the parent ' s net profit for the first half of the year equal to +25.2 per cent (vs1 quarter, +22.8 per cent). The income for the first half was +22.7 per cent (vs1 quarter, +17.1 per cent); the interest difference for the first half was 2.29 per cent, an increase of 19bp; the cost income was 21.2 per cent, a decrease of 2.2 per cent.
Jiangsu Bank's performance continued to increase in the second quarter, with a positive profit target. The year-on-year increase was 22.7 per cent, up 5.6 percentage points from the first quarter (+17.1 per cent); the difference between interest and interest growth remained strong, resulting in a 33.2 per cent increase in net interest income; and the fees and net profits of the company increased by 25.2 per cent in the first half of the year and remained in the forefront of the list, up from 1 quarter (+22.8 per cent, yoy).
We believe that the positive expansion of loans has benefited from the region’s favourable economic performance and the high demand for credit. In the case of loan break-ups, at the end of the six-month period, business loans and retail loans increased by 18.4 per cent and 9.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
The share of business and retail loans decreased by 35 per cent at the beginning of the year, and by 56.6 per cent and 38.7 per cent, respectively, in terms of the structure of business loans, the increase in the first half of the year was evident mainly in leasing and business services and manufacturing; and in the first half of the year, under the auspices of the company ' s retail transformation strategy, there was an increase in individual consumption and business lending, with a surplus of 9.2 per cent and 43.2 per cent, respectively, representing 42 per cent and 7 per cent of retail lending.
In July/August, the Jiangsu region experienced repeated outbreaks or short-term disruptions in the demand for credit. The first half of the year saw a wide margin of interest and the end-of-debt cost improvement sustained.
We believe that the reasons for the cost improvement at the end of the corporate liability are: (i) optimized outcome of the increase in deposits: the balance of deposits in the first half of the year increased by 12.8 per cent from the beginning of the year, driven by a positive investment in loans, and the share of deposits increased by 1.6 percentage points to 63.3 per cent at the beginning of the year compared with the decline in the share of current deposits in the first half of the year, the proportion of personal deposits in the first half of the year, and the maintenance of the cost of deposits in the first half of the year in the context of the decline in the ratio of current deposits and the increase in the ratio of personal deposits.
Downward trends are expected to be associated with a reduction in the share of structural deposits; (2) peer-to-peer debt cost control: companies are taking advantage of market interest rate waves to effectively reduce the cost of peer-to-peer liabilities. At the asset end, good regional credit demand and higher lending by firms have resulted in asset end-to-end returns of 4.57 per cent compared to the same period last year, and performance is expected to remain better than that of listed banks overall.
We are concerned that late loans account for between 10 bp and 1.30% of the previous year, and are overdue. In the context of the firm's accelerated disposal of bad assets, the end-of-season negative rates range from 8 bp to 1.16%, which is lower since 2015;
The Bank of Jiangsu performed well in the second quarter, with good earnings indicators and net profits rising at the top of the list. The company ' s bad rate went further down, with an increase in coverage, but recommended tracking asset quality developments, taking into account the likely impact of the epidemic. The company ' s core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the year was 8.48%, and the company ' s business was still in a fast-track development phase, awaiting capital replenishment, and recommended that attention be paid to the $20 billion transferable debt.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulations guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development policy of the enabling entity will continue in 2021, but that interest rate regulation will affect the bank’s profitability performance, either as expected by the supermarket of the concessionary policy.