The company is the leader of our cement industry, based in China and moving to the world, and is now the world's leading cement company.
A total of 253 million tons, the second largest in the world, is the largest cement industry in terms of single brand supply. In addition to the cement industry, the company is actively developing its bone and concrete operations, with a bone production capacity of 55.3 million tons at the end of 2019, and a commodity production capacity of 3 million cubic metres.
The company's realist is the NAC, while the company's core executives and employees' unions have become one of the company's largest shareholders through conch entrepreneurship, and the successful re-equity system of tying employee interests to the public domain has fully stimulated the company's business dynamism and greatly improved management efficiency.
Industry supply and demand patterns are steadily improving, and demand has entered the high-level platform period.
In the medium-to-long term, cement clinker production will be optimized from the aggregate, and industry capacity utilization is expected to pick up in tandem, increasing profit margins from the cost side. Meanwhile, with mine clean-up, mine ownership will become a scarce resource.
A further reduction in industry supply from upstream, on the one hand, and a large mining resource owned by a company, on the other, will strengthen the barriers to size and cost. For the first time, 2.4 billion tons have passed, and more than 2 billion tons of demand platforms have been adopted for seven years now.
Recapitulating the evolution of the cement market in developed countries, we believe that the turning point for fixed capital formation is essential for judging the turning point of our cement demand. In terms of the gdp dimension per capita, the demand level period is or will continue for two to three years, and in terms of the urbanization rate, the demand platform period is or can last for five to three years.
The company builds a solid barrier through three main competitive advantages (1) resource advantages: from the development of the cement industry, Anhui Province has a unique mineral and water advantage. With local resource endowments, the company has creatively implemented the t-style war that is unique in the industry.
(b) Cost advantage: Because cement is a highly homogeneous product, it is one of the most nuclear-minded variables for business to make a profit. Companies have the largest single body in the region compared to their competitors in the East China region.
1. Investment Data Review, January-June 2020: glass landscape, capacity and minimum ton cost. Corporate atmosphere continues to improve in terms of production costs, transport costs, investment costs, and the rainy season imposes pressure on cement demand.
The full range of cost advantages are constructed; 3) economies of scale: as one of the largest cement enterprises with domestic capacity, the company ton cost is 2. Investment Data Point Review, January-May 2020: more than May
Marks are also a significant leader in the competition. Given the strong and well-managed management of the company, the positive change in investment data, the accelerated release of downstream demand, and the high shareholding of the workforce, management efficiency is not only low management costs but also companies.
3. Medium-Term Investment Strategy for the Construction Materials Industry 2020: The Persistence Index, which is currently undervalued by industry and companies at the valuation level
1) The cyclicality of the cement industry is gradually weakening. In recent years, a stable pe-reverse has shown that the level of profitability of the major listed companies in the industry has stabilized, and the underlying reason is that prices are moving in a steady medium-to-high route. Regionally, cement prices are already volatile relative to the economic cycle.
In terms of the seasonality of cement, the current pattern of supply and demand also reduces the price differentials at the time of the light season switch. Thus, considering factors such as industry concentration, bargaining power, price fluctuations and so on, we believe that the upward elasticity of the profit level in the cement industry is significantly greater than the downward elasticity, and the valuation level is raised.
2) For companies, the pb valuation of the cement industry is stable and highly correlated with roe.
In addition, the company pb is undervalued for cement companies with corresponding roe levels. We therefore believe that the company’s valuation is expected to continue to rise in the future.
At the same time, the company has a two-way expansion from business and regional dimensions, a huge opening space for bone, concrete and overseas markets, and the corporate model will be much more than the present and a core asset of the cycle that deserves to be configured over the long term.
Investments in infrastructure and real estate have fallen short of expectations; the epidemic has lasted longer than expected; business expansion in corporate bone and concrete has fallen short of expectations, or overseas business expansion has fallen short of expectations; and policy implementation has fallen short of a Chinese-based, global cement tap.
The company was founded on 1 September 1997 and placed on the market in Hong Kong on 21 October 1997, landed in Hong Kong on 7 February 2002 and is now the world’s leading cement company.
Unprecedented growth and competitive advantage have prevailed for many years in the top 100 firms in Anhui province. After many years of rapid development, conch cement products are of excellent quality and are well known throughout the country, and are widely applied to high-profile iconic projects such as the Kyogi Iron and the Shanghai Magnetic Floating Train; and more than 20 more are sold overseas, with products exported to the United States, Europe, Africa, Asia, etc.
In addition to the cement and clinker majors, the company’s operations include trade in bone, concrete, and building materials. The bone and concrete operations depend on the company’s vast clinker production capacity and mineral resources, and are in a period of rapid development.
It is worth noting that the company's business structure for the year 22019 is controlled by the State Finance Committee for the province of Anhui, with the largest shareholder being the conch group (36.40 per cent share).
By the way, in the company’s current equity structure, employee ownership is an important component. Already at the beginning of the century, the conch group, which is at the beginning of its development, faced problems of high indebtedness and difficult financing, and over 7,000 employees had built the river’s clinker base in cash, built the conch base in Dao, the yang conch, the Chizhou conch, and so on.
The capital group held 31.8% of the conch stock, built the business-employee interest community, addressed the financial and institutional issues that constrained the expansion of the enterprise, and since then, the conch group’s diversification of the equity has begun. At present, the company’s core executives and workers’ unions are holding shares in the form of a conch enterprise, making them one of the company’s largest shareholders, and the equity system has been successfully transformed.
The company’s recent equity structure is 51 times higher. At the same time, the company has maintained a higher rate of roe and Maori than the industry.
Chart 4 shows a 51-fold increase in revenue since the company was listed. Chart 5 shows a 126-fold increase in net profit since the company was listed. Chart 7 has Māori rates and net interest rate levels.
Industry 2 is steadily moving towards a better pattern, with demand entering the high platform period 2.1 supply side reform being the cement industry ' s main melody 2.1.1 faulty production towards standardization and normality
In both national meetings in 2014, some members co-sponsored a proposal for “cement fault peak production”, which proposed operational mechanisms for the management of haze and excess capacity, and for the implementation of integrated kilns for the production of cement during winter heating in the five northern provinces of Black, Ki, Liao, Dynamite and Inner Mongolia, as well as for the production of kilns after spring heat has ended.
On May 5, 2016, the Office of the State Council issued a guidance on efficiency gains in the smooth growth of the construction materials industry (State Office No. 34), which explicitly called for “promotion of production of faulty peaks” to be used as a pressure-reduction capability.
Implementation of important instruments; on 25 October 2016, the Ministry of National Engineering and Communications and the Ministry of National Environmental Protection issued a circular on progressing in the production of cement peaks (hereinafter referred to as the Circular), which sets out specific requirements for the implementation of the spirit of the State Secretariat ' s document No. 34 on the production of cement peaks for the period from 2016 to 2020, setting the stage for regularization of the production of fault peaks over the next five years.
The implementation of faulty production policies has so far been widely recognized in the industry. At a stage when the industry’s no-manufacturing capacity has not been fully realized, this way of producing no-manufacturing capacity through production has been very effective in controlling supply, and has become a major marginal influence on the current cement supply end, which is a very important policy innovation.
For the time being, the State has yet to specify how production will be implemented beyond 2020. But earlier this year, the Ministry of Labour and Communications indicated that the next step would be to continue to strengthen, together with the relevant authorities, its guidance on production of cement peaks and to urge enterprises to implement the relevant laws and regulations and mandatory standards in good faith.
Peak production has to be implemented over the long term, and even if future capacity utilization is returned to reasonable areas, it will persist. So, we expect that failure production will be a long-term and sustained industrial policy until a fundamental solution to the problem of de-capitulation in the cement industry emerges.
In addition, there are problems of inadequate government oversight, weak implementation by some enterprises, and, in some areas, difficult production at the wrong peak. Thus, there is still much room for improvement in terms of the actual effects of the production policy on the supply of the contraction. In the process of standardizing and normalizing production at the wrong peak, it is providing the cement industry with the necessary resources.
Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang.
Cement is one of the country’s major excess-capacity industries, and the replacement of capacity is long overdue. In December 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued a revised version of the Implementation Scheme for the Replacement of Cement Glass Industry, which further strengthens the replacement of capacity, which should have had a phase-out effect on excess capacity.
It fully implements a reduction replacement outside the area, with construction projects located in environmentally sensitive areas defined by the state, where 1.5 tons of capacity per ton is to be shut down. Construction projects located in non-environmentally sensitive areas require 1.25 tons of capacity to be shut down per ton of capacity constructed; and 2) more stringent capacity limits for replacement, such as backward capacity, which has already received a prize.
Remedial funding and policy-supported exit capacity should not be used for capacity replacement; 3) more stringent approval of performance indicators for replacement, mainly to address the “small-scale construction” of the cement clinker project; 4) cross-provincial capacity exchange, emphasizing the need to promote industrial restructuring and better layout, with output indicators to be transferred and transferred
The provincial authorities have verified and posted on their respective portals separately, and we believe that the value of the power-for-power policy lies mainly in the promotion of technological progress and the optimization of the structure, but the cement industry is still in the main direction of production, so that it is not allowed to win.
According to the cement industry, there are still shortcomings in the implementation of the conversion of capacity, such as off-site replacements, inadequate post-developing capacity phase-out, and inadequate industry self-regulation, which still do not have the desired deterrent effect on new and increased capacity. Currently, the domestic production of cement clinker is largely stable, with a slight annual increase in production and still significant output.
In the short term, therefore, the marginal impact of the conversion of capacity on the supply end is still less on the production side than on the production side, i.e., the production capacity is less on the production side than on the capacity utilization side. The cement industry as a whole is still able to secure profit margins by maintaining price increases because of better performance at the wrong peak.
Implementation of the post-capacitation phase-out will be further regularized, cement clinker production will be optimized from the aggregate, industry capacity is expected to recover in tandem and further increase profit space from the cost end.
In December 2019, the city government of Lai-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li was involved in four companies involved in cutting off the supply of explosives from the mines in the rim-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li.
In our view, the event marked a further resourceization of the limestone mine, which is a core resource for upstream cement, and continued to raise the country’s access threshold to the cement industry in terms of environmental protection, energy conservation, land use, and production methods.
According to statistics from the Cement Industry Association and the Geological Centre of the former National Agency for Building Materials, there are currently more than 6,000 limestone mines being mined throughout the country, but most of the mines are mined by the people, and there are a considerable number of cement companies that do not own them and produce them by buying the limestone.
The regulation of management and construction project approval has been strengthened, with a few weights to be added to the cement industry from the upstream sector (1), and a shift to self-employment and concentration of mineral resources. Artisanal limestone is generally not designed to be mined, and has been mined indiscriminately, resulting in a great waste of limestone resources. At the same time, this exploitation can easily result in large-scale mountains.
The destruction of bodies and vegetation poses a serious hazard to the ecological environment around the mines. By contrast, the scale of the mining and resource utilization of the enterprise’s own mines are high. Therefore, the trend is to gradually tighten the future pattern of diamond mining and move to a self-employment model. This will give large cement companies the opportunity to “monopolize” more limestone resources.
Further increase in the concentration of clinker production capacity. 2) The closure of mines will continue as a result of increased governance efforts. In 2019, the State issued a circular on working to close non-coal mines that do not have safe production conditions, and on accelerating the integration of open-air mines.
Documents such as a letter of advice on the implementation of the rehabilitation work are further legalized to deal with unregulated mines. We believe that mines such as those in the landscape and in areas with a high rate of urbanization will be shut down first, while large numbers of non-compliant mines will be shut down throughout the country, such as the Circular on the Completion of Work to Close Non-coal Mines without Safe Production Conditions.
Five types of non-coal mines have been identified as a policy of restructuring. So upstream limestone resources will have to face a gradual tightening of supply in the future, a ceiling that limits the total capacity of cement from the point of view of the total amount of raw materials, and the very advantages of leading firms will become more apparent.
The limestone mines are used for a variety of purposes, through advanced mining methods and complete processes, in order to maximize the use of mineral resources.
Figure 13 Integrated utilization solutions for limestone mines Formalization of mine mining will also affect the market pattern of gravel bone, resulting in increased bargaining power and profit margins for companies sitting on mineral resources in the gravel bone market. As a result, mining resources will be tightened over the long term.
There is still much room for upgrading our cement industry's sandbone operations. 2.2 Cement needs are in the high platform phase.
2.2.1 The length of our cement demand platform will continue in the medium to long term in 2011, with our cement demand (in terms of production) breaking by 2 billion tons for the first time and reaching a high point of 2,476 million tons in 2014. In terms of the rate of increased demand, the demand for cement increased by 10.55 per cent in 2013.
So, if 2013 were to be the starting point for our high cement demand platform period, the platform period would have been seven years. In the medium-to-long term, we think it would be optimistic to expect that further consideration could be given to Japan and South Korea as a reference for exploring our cement demand platform period.
The reason for this is that the Japanese and Korean cement industries have undergone a more sophisticated process of upgrading their production capacity and concentration, that the development process has experienced strong government regulation of the economy, and that capital and real estate investment is higher in gdp. The demand for cement is highly correlated with investment in fixed assets, and we have seen that Japan and Japan are doing so.
Figure 17 South Korea’s fixed asset investment has been on the run since or around 1997. Figure 18 Japan’s cement production has been on the run since or around 1997.
Returning to the situation in our country, the total fixed capital formation of our country reached a phased high of 44.52 per cent with gdp in 2013, while the demand for cement reached a turning point in 2014 and remained at 2.12 billion tons for the following year, confirming this logic. We believe that the situation in our country is somewhat different from that in Japan and Korea, and therefore in Japan.
After the turning point in cement demand, it will not immediately enter the downward route, but will maintain a long-term high level (1). Although our gross fixed capital formation ratio to gdp has reached the turning point, the absolute value of the total fixed capital formation continues to rise year by year and has not yet reached the turning point, and the total will therefore remain a strong support for demand;
2) Even though the gross fixed capital formation/gdp target has already begun to decline, it will still be flat in 2019 and will take a longer time. Even so, the ratio can support a considerable amount of cement demand while our gdp continues to grow at a relatively high rate.
So, we believe that the gross fixed capital formation/gdp target has reached the turning point, which does not mean that there will be an immediate and significant decline in the demand for cement in our country. So how long will the demand platform period last? The remaining indicator is important, when the absolute value of the gross fixed capital formation will reach the turning point.
The first stoppage of Japan ' s gross fixed capital formation occurred around 1982, when its per capita gdp was about $10,000; and the first stoppage of Korea ' s gross fixed capital formation was in 1997, when its per capita gdp was about $12,000.
Figure 20: KOR: Fixed capital investment versus per capita gdp, so considering the dimensions of gdp per capita, our total fixed capital formation is likely to peak between $10000 and $12,000 per capita, and the platform period for cement demand will probably end.
If the dimensions of the rate of urbanization are taken into account, the duration of the cement demand platform period will be longer. According to the above criteria, when the total fixed capital formation of Japan and Korea reaches the first stop point, the rate of urbanization will be in the region of 76-78%, and both the capital investment and the main demand for cement will be available until the country's urbanization is almost complete.
This year, the total demand created by the capital will increase significantly, and most of it will be released in the second half of the year. After the meeting of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China in February, when a clear signal of steady growth was released, local responses began to rise, for just one week.
By May 2020, the total number of investment plans announced by the region had exceeded 40 trillion yuan, exceeding the core demand target of 2019, with a cumulative total of 28.16 trillion yuan invested in fixed assets in the country from January to June 2020.
The decline was 3.1 per cent in the same year and 3.2 per cent in the month of January-May, with the same increase in investment in fixed assets in the month of June.
The main melody is still recommenced, with projects dominated by stocks. In the second half of the year, the demand generated by new projects will be fully released, and most of the old and new projects will be in a rush.
In the first half of 2020, this year’s special-purpose debt was characterized by an expansion of its size, earlier release, and a change in its structure, which has made a significant difference in the capital sector. The government’s 2020 report states that this year the country is planning to arrange a total of 3.75 trillion yuan in local government bonds, an increase of 1.6 trillion yuan over last year’s.
In terms of the pace of issuance, the issuance of local special-purpose debt this year was significantly faster than last year. The scale of issuance of new special-purpose bonds in 2020q1 across the country was 84 per cent of the amount issued earlier, 63 per cent more than in the same period last year, and it is expected to complete the scheduled issuance approximately 2.5 months earlier. As of May, the third special-purpose debt was limited.
A total of $1 trillion has been issued, amounting to $2.29 trillion, up from the previous year, and a total of $82.55 billion, or 77 per cent of the total, has been allocated to transport infrastructure such as railways, rails, eco-environmentals, agro-forestry and water.
Major infrastructure projects in the areas of profit, municipalities, and industrial parks. Capital investment in this year’s special debt will be a well-deserved core, and three of the four new areas of support (emergency medical treatment facilities, public health facilities, municipal facilities such as urban heating, urban heating and the rehabilitation of old towns and small towns) will be linked to infrastructure.
Future capital needs space. So in the short term, capital investment will increase or will return to a steady pace, 2020. According to our calculations, in 2020, with the increase in the amount of additional earmarked debt, the expansion of the scope of earmarked debt to be used as capital for projects, the significant increase in the proportion of earmarked debt invested in capital projects, and the scale of earmarked capital investment.
This is a significant increase of $4-6 trillion from 2019. 1) According to published data, the proportion of special-purpose debt invested in infrastructure in 2019 was 25 per cent for ease of calculation, and 2) based on the amount of special-purpose debt already disbursed in 2020, the proportion invested in infrastructure was 55 per cent;
3) At its regular meeting in September 2019, the State specified that special-purpose debt could be used for project capital expansion to 10 areas; and that the size of the special-purpose debt for project capital as a proportion of the size of the special-purpose debt in the province was 50 per cent, 45 per cent and 40 per cent of the total capital projects financed by the debt.
In the medium-to-long term, policy benefits have opened up huge growth space, capital growth, or entry into a higher platform period. In terms of policies, land and finance are being depleted at the supply end, while at the demand side, national strategies provide certainty for infrastructure needs.
Figure 29 Beneficiary investment plans and national strategies, where the demand for cement has increased significantly, will remain resilient in the medium to long term by 5.2 per cent in January-May, with a significant increase of 8.9 per cent in the year-on-month period in June, as evidenced by data on new start-up in the second quarter.
According to the previous argument, the pace of start-up investment in the second half of the year might be faster than in previous years. As a result of the effects of the epidemic, housing construction was completed in January-June this year, the financial pressure on real estate operators increased in the first half of 2020, and the push forwards may be increased in the process of full re-entry, thus accelerating the pace of start-up investment in the second half of the year. We therefore expect to be short.
In the medium-to-long term, demand for property start-ups is driven by a combination of sales-side warming and urbanization, and is expected to continue to grow at a steady pace over a longer period of time. At the end of the marketing cycle, the income is available to all residents of our cities and towns.
Stable growth and lower mortgage rates will together support the gradual recovery of sales, without undue pessimism. The continuation of the downside of the first set of flats in chart 31 will ease the financial pressure on housing firms and support the demand for subsequent start-up.
In 2019, there was an improvement in the volume of real estate, and based on the current rate of urbanization of 60 per cent, there is still room for new construction in the country.
In view of the current urbanization process, it is expected that the rate of urbanization in the country will not be as high as 5 to 10 years, and in accordance with the New Urban Construction Priorities 2019, published in 2019, the State calls for further progress in the development of the urban population, with Kyoto, the Long Triangle and the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong becoming strategic areas of development in the country, and
And there are 10 other major urban clusters that are mentioned at the same time.
We believe that the construction of urban centres will lead to capital and real estate investment in all regions of the country in the medium and long term.
With the rate of urbanization rising further, the next phase of investment in real estate development will be anchored in a national strategy in terms of aggregates, while facing a better policy and financial environment than ever before. Thus, the demand for property-led cement over a long period of time can remain optimistic.
2.3 There is still room for increased concentration in the industry. By 2014, Chinese construction materials had made a leap to become a cement tap in the east and southwest of China by integrating a large number of small and medium-sized cement businesses.
This was followed by an acceleration in domestic cement consolidation, particularly a wave of merger restructuring in 2014-2016. From 2012 to 2018, the cement industry grew from 36% to 43%, and the cement industry from 51%.
At the end of the day, we have managed to achieve a national concentration of more than 70 per cent of the clinker production capacity of the top 10 major groups of firms, more than 60 per cent of the cement production capacity, and more than 65 per cent of the clinker production capacity of the top two major enterprises in the 10 provinces.
The scale is integrated, but there will still be at least one increase in concentration in the future, presumably due to off-productivity; and, from concentration, our cement clinker production capacity stands at around 59%, which is still far below that of the United States, and far below that of Japan and Europe. But we believe that, due to the size of the country, our cement industry is generally concentrated against the United States.
In Japan, for example, Japan’s cement industry has three main stages of production capacity, and 1) the first phase was 1984-1990, when Japan introduced the Basics of Cement Reform in Japan in 1984.
It provides for the phase-out of a cement kiln with a capacity of 31 million tons by 1985 (about one quarter of the total capacity at that time) and the “monopolization” of the national cement market through the establishment of five joint venture companies for joint sales and joint purchases. In 1987, the Government of Japan developed an industrial tectonic reform scheme to phase out by 1989
The second stage of clinker production, from 98 million tons in 1985 to 2 in 1990, was 1994-1998, the main driver of which was merger restructuring. During this period, the Japanese water and mud industry made its second largest integration, Onoda cement, Tingjiang cement, friend cement, Osaka cement,
The main cement companies, such as Woo’s production, were merged, and eventually the leading Pacific cement market share reached about 37%, with cr 4 exceeding 85%. Japan’s overall cement production continued to grow steadily from 1990 to 1995 and reached a historic peak of 996.6 million tons in 1996.
3) The third stage, from 1998 to the present, is that large firms have chosen to produce their energy voluntarily, basically matching the decline in demand. In 2017, Japan ' s cement production fell by only about 53 million tons, almost half the peak. But, thanks to the phasing out of the remaining capacity, the sector ' s capacity utilization has remained at a better 80-90 per cent level, with no significant decline.
It is worth noting that Japan’s real-estate bubble bursted around 1992 and fell into a long-term economic downturn, which led to a collapse of demand. But in this case, there is still no serious excess capacity in the market, and capacity utilization remains high, and we believe that this was due to the completion of the second phase of the industry.
Merger restructuring, which led to the successful implementation of large-scale de-productivity under the leadership of leading firms. From this perspective, the de-capitulation-merger restructuring-re-capacitation process experienced by the Japanese cement industry is very instructive for our cement industry, and it is also clear that increased concentration is inseparable from de-capitulation.
According to the Action Plan on De-Energizing the Cement Industry (2017-2020), published in 2017, the effort to reduce the clinker production capacity by the year 2020 by 392.7 million tonnes, or about 22% of our total clinker production capacity in that year, is comparable to Japan’s first stage of de-capitulation.
As the size of Japan corresponds to the size of our province, regional concentration may be 80% of Japan’s cr3 level, as the future mass merger of cement businesses will be reorganized. Ultimately, the cement industry will achieve the second round of full decapitulation through the control of the leading industry over the market.
Figure 392019 Cement market concentration in all regions of the country, according to the case of the United States, in 1998 it reached 44.2 per cent in the cement industry and 64.8 per cent in the cr10, which is about 57 per cent, comparable to the levels of the United States in the 1990s, where there is still some room for improvement.
2.4 Business expansion is a necessary route for cement taps to recapitulate the development of the world's leading cement taps, and we can see that when the cement business grows up,
At a certain scale, firms use their advantages for business and regional expansion in both directions. The three major cement taps around the world – Lafaki, Heidelberg, and cemex – all of them, without exception, are based on cement, and the development of operations to date covers both bone and concrete.
Figure 40 Rafaki's business structure Chart 41cemex's business structure Since limestone is the main raw material for cement, large cement companies have mine reserves.
With regard to bone, the mechanism sand that will gradually replace natural sand in the future is also from the mine, so that cement companies use their own mines for bone production to maximize the use of resources. With cement and gravel as the main raw material for the concrete, it is logical to make concrete production.
In a context of gradual tightening, cement companies with large mineral reserves have been able to pre-empt the expansion of bone and concrete operations. From an operational point of view, local and global development is also essential.
In France, internationalization began in 1989, becoming the first major cement supplier in Spain and Austria through M&As, and in subsequent years in Eastern Europe and Africa, and in China in 1994. Lafaki, through M&As, has also become one of the largest cement firms in North America.
The regional distribution of the Lafaki cement business is unique, with cemex becoming the world ' s leader in construction materials from a small business in Mexico and a country that covers major parts of the world.
As the world's largest cement producer, Cement Leader, we have also been active overseas in recent years, seeking new growth points through merger restructuring and foreign markets, and have made substantial progress. We believe that the “outward” of China's Cement Leader is the expansion of globalization from the country to the country's largest cities and cities.
Real growth is a sine qua non for global champions. 3 companies have solid barriers, and long-term space is still wide. 3.1 days, profits, people and three major competitive advantages.
3.1.1 Resource advantages of conch cement originates from the Emblem, which is considered to be the province most suitable for the development of the cement industry in the country.
Anhui Province has been found to have 25 billion tons of coal, the largest coal production base in the south of China, and 100 million tons of coal per year. In addition, the amount of limestone resources in Anhui has been found to be more than 3 billion tons.
In particular, along the river basin, there are 10 billion tons of high-quality limestone resources in cement, which provide an excellent material condition for the dynamic development of new dry cement in Anhui Province.
Figure 45 Distribution of limestone reserves in our provinces
Sixteen, of which the Yangtze gold watercourses are more than 400 km, the coastal ports of bronze, lagoon, and saddle mountains are natural ports of 10,000 tons. Cement is a typical “shortleg” product with a conventional transport radius of about 300 km, but it can be expanded to more than 1,000 km by water transport, at a lower cost.
Good riverlines and wharfs, conch cement has access to other cement businesses through water resources, and corporate management, with wisdom and vision, has made the most of excellent resource endowments, creatively implemented a unique “t-type strategy” in the industry, thus creating cost and scale advantages.
The strategy is to build clinker production capacity along river basins rich in limestone, then take advantage of the low-cost water transport logistics of the Yangtze River, interface with areas with strong cement demand, such as the south-east coast, and establish local cement mills, so that the low-cost and high-priced sale of products is achieved without being subject to a short radius of cement transport.
It should be said that the implementation of the “t-type strategy” has created an unmatched competitive advantage in the industry of conch cement, and that the model is non-repelicable, so that the company's moat is long-standing.
The cost advantage is one of the most central variables in the cement industry. Because cement is a product of very high homogenization and prices converge in regional markets, the cost determines the profitability of the cement industry.
Core competitiveness, compared to competitors in the East China region, has the largest single-body capacity and the lowest production costs in the region. The barriers are also hard to overcome:
1) In terms of production costs, the company has a large reserve of mines, and limestone self-sufficiency is close to 100%, which is more than $20 per ton lower than in cement enterprises that purchase limestone; costs are also lower within the industry because of the large scale of production and the centralization of coal mining by companies; in terms of electricity, the company has been using electricity for more than a decade.
In the case of snails, the residual recovery of 1 ton of clinker will generate more than 30 degrees of electricity, almost half the amount of electricity used in the company ' s clinker production. The conch group ' s clinker production lines are all equipped with residual heat generation systems.
Thus, in terms of the three main production costs of limestone, coal, and electricity, companies can be significantly lower than line 2) transport costs, and the company t-type strategy model of “clinker base - Yangjiang water transport - downstream milling station” transport costs are far lower than the traditional “plant-road-site” model.
The cost of road transport of cement is about 0.5 yuan/km, while the cost of water transport is just 0.05 yuan/km, which is only 10% of the cost of land transport.
The construction of our first autonomous kit of 2,000 tons of clinker predisassembled kilns at Ning's Cement Plant, the new cement clinker production line; in 2002, the copper conch, the Chizhou conch pioneered the construction of a 5,000-ton national production demonstration line, reducing investment in new dry cement tons from about $1,000 to around $300, breaking the foreign monopoly.
In addition, the company was one of the first companies in the industry to carry out a co-processing project for cement kilns for the recovery of hazardous waste. Much of the solid waste has a high heat value, which, according to company estimates, can be reduced by 3-4 kg per ton of dangerous waste treated.
Coal consumption; on the other hand, co-processing of cement kilns during the off season of production is equivalent to increased capacity utilization and further spread of production costs.
Equivalent disposal capacity (tonnes) 3.1.3 size advantage as one of the largest cement companies in the country, and the size advantage of the company to be able to be effective
The amortization costs are also significantly lower than those of competitors in terms of ton cost indicators. In terms of sales costs, companies have an advantage over salaries and depreciation, while the larger sales radius and scale of sales brought about by the t-type strategy have further reduced the cost of sales; in terms of financial costs, companies have access to lower financing costs based on excellent qualifications, while at the same time obtaining lower financing costs.
The management cost rate is more a reflection of the company’s ability to manage it in an integrated manner. Long before Ning's cement factory, the company began by strengthening its management, insisting on a combination of integrated governance and overall improvement, monitoring and full-time management.
In addition, the company’s two-man management is strong and well managed, while the company’s shareholding ratio of more than 23% of its employees has been sufficiently motivated to keep the company’s internal management efficient.
Figure 50 Management rates compared to competitors 3.2 Two-way expansion from business and regional dimensions. Sandstones are collectively described as sand, eggstone, gravel, stone, material, etc., and are concrete with cement.
The main material, typically cement in concrete, is about 1:6. By reference to mature overseas markets, the mechanically processed sand will replace the depleted natural sand and become an automated production transformation of the sandstone bone. Thus, large cement companies have mineral resources and are technologically and technologically advanced.
The company accelerated the layout of its bone business in 2015, when six new bone items were added, such as the solar conch and the dry county conch, with 9 million tons of additional bone production and 23.4 million tons of total capacity; the company was newly built in 2019.
Ten sandstone projects with an additional sandstone capacity of 16.9 million tons. By the end of 2019, the company ' s bone capacity had reached 55.3 million tons, its bone and rock revenues had reached 1,022 million yuan, and the sandstone bone had become the company ' s highest business, with 70.6 per cent in 2019.
In terms of industrial space, the country currently produces about 18 billion tons of sandstone per year, at a unit price of 30-50 yuan per ton, with a market space of 5400-9000 billion tons. The main reasons why the company maintains a high level of Maori are, firstly, that the supply and demand patterns of the industry continue to improve.
(b) Second, the company ' s mining rights are much acquired at an early stage and technologically mature, so the costs of amortization and extraction are amortized and, again, the company has been able to achieve lower transport costs through the Yangtze route.
The company clearly proposed in 2017 that the concrete industry would be further expanded. By the end of 2017, the company could produce 600,000 cubic metres of concrete for its goods; in 2019, the company added three new commodities. By the end of the year, the company could produce 3 million cubic metres of concrete for its goods, and the Maori rate was higher than that for concrete.
The company’s concrete operations are still in their initial stages and are relatively small in size. Since the transport radius is shorter than water and mud, we expect that the company will follow up with concrete lines at the cement production bases, taking full advantage of the size of the clinker production capacity.
In addition to these two operations, the company is actively exploring assembly buildings and smart factories. From the experience of developed countries, many dwellings are assembly buildings that are not only relatively low-cost but also achievable.
In 2019, the company built the world’s first plant to achieve full-scale intelligence in cement production in Pankai County, Anhui Province, which allows online ore monitoring, the production of automatic mineralization, and intelligent inspection of production lines.
The Division calculates that digital smart mining systems alone can increase mine production efficiency by about 12%, diesel consumption by about 7%, and tyre consumption by about 30%. After successful exploration by the company's smart plant, the next step will be to replicate and replicate, with the prospect of achieving “cement machine vehicles, mine unmanned”, further from the margins.
Production efficiency and optimization of costs.
The company was one of the first and most active cement companies to “go out” in the country. In 2011, it established its first production base in Nanga, Indonesia, and then continued to actively pursue its internationalization strategy, closely following the “one-way” plan.
At present, most of the company ' s overseas production capacity is in Indonesia, in addition to the distribution in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Russia and Uzbekistan.
In terms of the size of the overseas distribution, the company has more than 10 million tons of cement capacity in Indonesia alone, and now, after the construction and planning capacity is fully constructed, the total clinker capacity abroad will reach 30 million tons, or 12% of the total capacity of the company, and is also the largest overseas capacity of the domestic cement industry.
Figure 602019 discusses the value levels of companies in construction abroad: industry and companies are undervalued. The pe valuation levels of cement plates have experienced a period of high volatility, p (ttm) 2005-2007.
After a year, the level of pe in the cement industry has remained essentially stable at 7-10 times, and the company's previous pe has not been significantly different. We believe that the sharp fluctuations in the valuation of pe in the cement plate are essentially due to fluctuations in profitability, while the stable pe in recent years also reflects a stable level of profitability for the major listed companies in the industry.
The main factor is that, after the completion of the first round of large-scale merger restructuring in our cement industry, some of the regional concentrations have been high, the overall supply and demand patterns of the industry have improved significantly, and intraregional prices have stabilized over a long period of time, in other words, if subregionally, the price of cement has become less volatile than the economic cycle, and
There is still room for a rise in prices in mature markets abroad. Thus, from a price point of view, the cyclicality of the cement industry has been significantly reduced.
In addition, the highly regional nature of the cement industry and the dispersion of downstream customers, so that once the regional market has reached a sufficiently high market share, oligopoly can have a great deal of bargaining and even pricing power and price volatility.
In terms of the seasonality of cement, the current pattern of supply and demand also reduces the price differentials at the time of the light season switch. In terms of aggregates, industry output continues to contract; in terms of marginal changes, demand at the end of the season can be adjusted in a timely manner, as a result of measures such as faulty peak production limits, and there is much room for release at the end of the season.
As a result, small-cycle fluctuations in cement prices, in terms of seasonality, are also declining. Cement price differentials can be seen in contrast to those in May and July of the East China region.
In view of the concentration of the industry, bargaining power, price volatility, etc., we believe that the upward elasticity of the profit level in the cement industry is significantly greater than the downward elasticity, and it is difficult to value it as a pure-cycle industry.
The real situation. With reference to the pe valuation level in the cement industry in the overseas market, we believe that the current valuation of the whole of the plate is expected to increase the valuation level of the pe (ttm) of our cement plate compared to the international tap.
The pb valuation level of the cement plate is more stable than the pe valuation. Compared to the main publicly listed division of the industry, the pb valuation level is highly comparable to that of the roe.
In addition, the cement industry has banned new production capacity for almost five years, and the restrictions on expansion will only become more stringent. This has further reduced the need for companies to reinvest, with conditions for increasing the red rate.
The company’s roe level and valuation are expected to increase further. Overall, the company’s roe level is in the middle of the industry, and the company’s corresponding roe level of cement, as the country’s cement industry’s benchmark, will be assigned to the industry’s supply side reform and mineral resourceization trend.
At the same time, companies expand in both directions from business and regional dimensions, with huge opening space for bone, concrete and overseas markets, and companies will be much larger than they are now, and it will be 1) capital and real estate investments will fall short of expectations;
2) The epidemic lasts longer than expected; 3) Corporate bone and concrete operations are not expanding as expected, or overseas operations are not expanding as expected; 4) relevant policies are not being implemented as well as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.