q3 performance growth is expected to materialize and farm costs continue to be explored - Rajihara Corporation (002714.sz) incident evaluation report, 9 October 2024, which released a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2024
In the first three quarters of 2024, Shinhara's shares are expected to realize a net return profit of $10-11 billion, a loss. In the first quarter of q3, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of 90-90-0.
Performance has increased significantly, and performance has been as expected. As q4 moves closer to the dissipation of the pork season, demand for pickles in the consumer market is expected to rise on a monthly basis, and increases in demand are expected to support the price of pigs to remain relatively high.
q4 supply and demand of pork is expected to contribute to the continuation of the company q4 profit for the entire 2024 year.
Farming costs continue to be explored, profit spaces released, stock q3 continues to generate efficiency gains, farm costs continue to be reduced in July and August, and the full cost has fallen to $13.7/kg in August, with a 0.1 per cent reduction in the monthly ring ratio.
RMB/kg, due mainly to lower prices of raw materials for feed and the maintenance of corporate production indicators, the cost of this decline is expected to improve further. Companies are constantly learning advanced technology and skills from the global pig-bumping industry.
The first idea of farming is to continue to deepen the potential of internal production to reduce efficiency gains and to improve the performance of production indicators. We expect that, in the current context of declining price volatility of feed raw materials, the company’s farm costs will continue to widen the scope for decline and have confidence in the company.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the stock of herds rose by 50,144 thousand pigs, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, in which the commodity pigs/pigs/pigs were sold separately.
The growth in production was accompanied by a steady increase in production capacity, which stood at 3.316 million at the end of September 2024, an increase of 0.7 million from the end of June.
Head, widening the scope for future performance growth. The company's slaughtering plate business has also grown steadily, reaching 29 million head/year by August 2024, and a total of 7.11 million pigs by January/August.
Super-short-term financing guarantees sufficient cash flow, equity buyback, confidence, super-short-term bond issued on August 14th, 2024, at 2.5%, with $500 million, guaranteed short-term cash flow sufficient to support farming practices.
Billion dollars, expected to further optimize the corporate financing structure through follow-up bond issuance, to be fully spent on employee equity schemes or equity incentive schemes, to demonstrate long-term confidence, and to mobilize staff motivation to ensure long-term good corporate team performance.
Risks of disease in pig husbandry; risks of natural disasters and extreme weather events; risks of changes in industrial policies; higher prices for pigs than expected; market conditions for feed and raw materials; risks of volatility; and risks of macroeconomic fluctuations.
• Presentation by the Agricultural Group with experience in the physical, primary, semi-secondary and secondary markets, good at the industrial chain perspective and the grass roots front line, 2024 Weizheng: Agricultural team member, Bachelor of Arts, People's University of China, Master of Science and Technology University of Hong Kong, August 2024.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.