q3 performance has been continuously released, with a red ratio increasing investment confidence 96.780 billion yuan, or +16.6 per cent, and a net return of 10.48 billion yuan, or a substantial increase in both, and a steady increase in farm capacity.
Of these, 45,132,000 were commodity pigs, 4.607 million were pigs and 405,000 were pigs; the average price for sales was $16.3; the company had a life-cycle pig rate of nearly 85 per cent in September 2024, with Psy reaching 28 or more, and the fat pig was growing.
783g. By the end of September 2024, the production capacity of pig breeding was 80.86 million head/year, and the stock of pig-riching stock stood at 3.316 million head, which is generally stable compared with the end of the second quarter. The slaughtering operation suffered significant losses and the quality of the operation gradually improved.
\triangleright Review: The birth of pigs is growing steadily, and the head is growing profitably - 7.97 million head, 37% capacity utilization, loss of about $650 million.
The company will continue to operate as a whole in the future.
The company responded positively to the policy call by focusing on enhancing investors’ returns and increasing investment confidence. The company responded positively to the policy call.
\triangleright Rating: The reduction of efficiency gains has continued, industrial linkages have been seen to be large-scale, and companies have been profitable and cumulatively unscathed in the year to ensure their sustainability and long-term development
Quarterly review in 023: 100 billion in 2022, with positive profits, the profits that companies will distribute each year in cash over the next three years are not less than the same year.
5. The first coverage report (002714.sz) of herd shares: \triangleright gap gradually materialized, followed by a month-on-month easing of pressure on the supply of pigs, adding up to the second half of the year into the season of pork consumption.
The company is expected to grow further in future farm production, and the costs are expected to improve further under effective regulation, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The methodological and analytical logic leads to research findings, an independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.