q3 The growth in performance is expected to materialize, with a bonus in return for shareholder-shareholder (002714.sz) incident evaluation report, which was issued on 29 October 2024.
Q3's high profit performance is expected to materialize at a very high price.
In a single quarter, the value of the company ' s pig-breeding business rose substantially, contributing q3 to a profit-making industry. The performance was on schedule, yielding business income of $39.909 billion, an increase of 28.33 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $9.652 billion, an increase of 93.2 per cent over the same period;
The profit margin has increased significantly, mainly because of the 2024q3 shock dimension of the pig price during the current cycle, where the country as a whole is less motivated to remediate the pig's output, the rate of recovery has been longer, the company q4 continues to make a profit, and 2024 has performed well throughout the year.
The net efficiency gains have continued to show, and the profit margins have been released. The cost of continued farming of herd shares declined in September, and the full cost has fallen to just under $13.7 per kilogram in September, compared to 15.8 yuan per kilogram at the beginning of 2024.
The decline is more than $2/kg, and the reduction factor is split into 50% of the decline in feed prices, 50% of the improvement in production performance and 50% of the fall in the amortization of costs over time. Companies are constantly learning advanced technologies and leading farming ideas from the global pig-planting industry.
• Continue to tap into the potential of internal production to reduce efficiency gains and improve performance in production indicators, currently steadily advancing 2024-10-21
In September, the whole life rate of the company was close to 85 per cent, with Physics above 28, breeding 2 and Pastoral shares (002714); q3 performance is expected to be realized, and the cost of farming is sustained.
We've seen a steady shift in the slaughtering business, and we're losing more than we can afford.
As of the end of September 2024, a small increase in farm capacity has been achieved.
In addition, the company’s scavenging plate business is steadily turning back to better business.
In the last three quarters, a total of 7.97 million pigs were slaughtered, with a 37 per cent capacity utilization rate, a significant loss in profit from the q3 slaughter operation is expected, and a sustained increase in capacity utilization is expected in the future.
In the first three quarters of 2024, Shinwon shares set up a profit distribution programme to find a gold dividend of $8.31 per 10 shares for all shareholders, with a total of $4,505 million in dividends, and the annual cash distribution of profits shall be no less than the distributed profits realized in the same year.
Share the development dividend with the shareholders, depending on the shareholder’s return, and show the value of the investment. Risks of disease in the pig-breeding industry; risks of natural disasters and extreme weather events; risks of changes in industrial policies; higher prices for pigs than expected; market conditions for feed and raw materials
Risks of volatility; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: presentation by the Agriculture Group with experience in physical, primary, semi-secondary and secondary markets and expertise in industrial chain perspectives and grass-roots lines, 2024
Wenzheng, an agricultural team member, a Bachelor of Arts from the Chinese People’s University, and a Master of Science from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, who took up his post in August 2024, reflected his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.