The company achieved 96.775 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 16.64 per cent in the same year.
This represents an increase of 6.7 per cent in the same year, of which 45.132 million are commodity pigs, 4.607 million are pigs and 40.5 million are pigs; the overall farm production has risen steadily. The prices are regularly warming at the price. The average price for pig sales in September was $18.65 per kilogram, an increase of 17.9 per cent.
The company’s full cost fell to just under $13.7/kg in September, down from over $2/kg at the beginning of the year, mainly because of the decline in the original cost of feed, improved production performance, and amortization of costs over time. Pig prices are warming, costs are being optimized, and the company’s Māori rate is significant.
At the end of September, the company set aside a 3-4 billion dollar buy-back program to highlight its confidence in its fundamentals, and will further support employee incentives and management. The company issued a profit distribution program for the first three quarters of 2024, and the company intends to split its share of the total share to all shareholders.
In response to a call from the State, it is proposed to increase the share of cash, to revise the Shares Red Return Plan for the next three years (2024-2026), and to distribute annual profits in cash
From 20% of the distributed profits realized in the same year to 40% of the profits (reded several times in the year, cumulatively calculated). We believe that, as the industry returns to a reasonable level of volatility, the long-term steady state of life will remain at a certain level of profit, while the industry will have a management and cost advantage in farming.
At the same time, herding shares represent head-breeding enterprises that focus on and continuously improve shareholder returns, and long-term dividend attributes and configuration values are expected to become more visible. q2 turns into profits, and good farm management becomes long-term values.
q1 q1 q1 cash flow is better than ever, and good management of the value of achievement - the stock of herds is a leading pig-breeding business. Good farm management shapes the company’s core competitiveness.
The future is expected to benefit from the cycle and share the value. We expect the company to be profitable in 2024-2026 with a net profit share of q3 farming, with excellent management of the cycle through 2023-10 - prices for pork consumption below expectations and the risk of disease.
The investment rating of the company is as follows: China Air Stock Agricultural and Forest Fisheries Teams: Research in the Agroforestry and Fisheries Industry covers a breakdown of priority sectors such as livestock farming, seeding, pets, and food and oil feed. Members of the team are from the top agricultural institutions in the country and have developed more research experience in commodities, with rich industrial investment backgrounds in areas such as livestock farming and farming.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.