On October 20, 20, 20, 2024, Shinhara issued a report on the signing of the special loan contract.
$100552240702 was also announced that Sino-Kin Bank Inc., Namyang Branch, had recently signed a Repurchase/Additional Loan Contract for People ' s Democratic Currency Stock, which would be made available to the company.
Specialized loans to optimize the financing structure and short-term release of capital flows.
At a low interest rate of 2.25 per cent per annum, the Division borrows $2.4 billion in special loans to optimize its own financing structure and reduce the average cost of financing.
Stock buy-back. This stock buy-back program originally planned to repurchase with either own money or self-financing, and low-cost special loans significantly eased the pressure that the buy-back program put on the company ' s cash flow and financing, releasing the public to some extent in a short period of one year.
The liquidity of the Division’s funds has enabled it to focus more on business performance and performance with additional funds. The buy-back programme has steadily advanced, highlighting long-term development confidence.
On September 26, 2024, Shinhara shares announced this repurchase report, and the repurchases will be used entirely for the employee holding scheme or the equity incentive scheme, highlighting the company's confidence in its future steady development and further improvement of the public.
Departmental governance structure, long-term incentive and restraint mechanisms, motivation of staff, 1 and Q3 (002714): q3 performance expected to be realized and farm-raising costs sustained
The first repurchase of 24.38 million shares was implemented on that day, accounting for 0.04 per cent of the total equity of the day, and a total of $100 million was paid. At present, the company has entered into a stock buy-back loan, which is a huge gain, and the cost is expected to fall further.
Increase the probability of completing this repurchase as planned, boost the market to meet the growth in the performance of herd stock q3. Subtract efficiency gains continue to emerge.
By the end of September 2024, the company was able to grow the number of mothers and pigs, which was 3,316,000, an increase of 0.7 million from the end of June.
At the cost side, the results of corporate mitigation efficiency efforts continue to show that in July and August the cost of farming continued the trend, and the full cost fell to $13.7 per kilogram in August, with a 0.1 per kilogram reduction in the monthly ring, mainly due to feed.
The price of materials has fallen and production indicators have been improving. We have confidence in companies that are at risk of disease in the pig-breeding industry; natural disasters and extreme weather risks; risks of changes in industrial policies; higher prices for pigs than expected; and market conditions for feed and raw materials.
• Presentation by the Agricultural Group with experience in the physical, primary, semi-secondary and secondary markets, good at the industrial chain perspective and the grass roots front line, 2024 Weizheng: Agricultural team member, Bachelor of Arts, People's University of China, Master of Science and Technology University of Hong Kong, August 2024.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.