002714. sz.
Investment rating: superior to Grand City (maintenance)
The main reasons for this loss are that during the reporting period, the average prices for the production and sale of pigs increased compared to the same period last year, and that the cost of raising pigs was higher than the agricultural perspective of the nation: 1) The company is expected to earn $9 billion from its mother's net profit of 2024 by issuing a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2024.
The uncontrollable rise in the price of food raw materials has resulted in cost pressures and large fluctuations in the price of raw pigs. (4) Investment proposals: The management advantages of the original shares are prominent, and the performance of the 2024q3 company has been reaffirmed as a cost-management advantage, which, in terms of performance realization, remains the preferred target of industry certainty.
The company is the champion of good cost management and maintains a "better than the city" rating. We maintain a profit forecast that the company's 2024q3 performance is expected to be excellent in 2024-2026, with the cost of farming falling steadily, with an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period, and a total of 17,755,000 pigs sold in 2024q3 alone, an increase of 6.0 per cent over the same period, of which 16,15 million are commodity pigs.
According to the company’s announcement, at the beginning of the year, the total cost of the company’s production of pig farming has been declining steadily, down to around $13.7/kg in August. As the price of raw material for feed fell in the previous period, and production targets continued to improve, the company is confident that it will meet its cost target of $13/kg by the end of the year.
The rest of the construction is mainly for the settlement of completed projects and for the construction of slaughter capacity, which will be adjusted to market conditions and operating conditions. The final currency will be 20.36 billion yuan, and the overall reserve will remain adequate.
In the case of software, there are both advantages and strengths in the hardware, and the management capacity of herds is at the forefront of the industry, in particular in terms of both the soft and the hard: in the case of software, the company manages the production process through a sophisticated farming process.