During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of $151,489 million, an increase of 46.60 per cent over the previous three quarters.
With a double-consumption background plus high energy prices, the third quarter saw a slight drop in performance. Since this year, \triangleright has been affected by expected energy shortages plus a decline in crude oil stocks, and energy prices have continued to rise, with 2021
The average annual crude oil price for the first three quarters of the year was $3.065.27 per ton, an increase of 39.47 per cent over the previous quarter; the first three prices of coal were strongly supported. At the demand end, it benefited from a sustained global recovery from the epidemic, petrochemicals prices continued to rise, with large price differentials, and the revenue and profits of the first three quarters increased significantly.
The Ethylene Project and the 22.5 million tons pta Project reached production in mid-2020 and the second half of the year, the volume of corporate sales (including refining and pta trade) was scaled up and the volume price increased at a very high level in the previous three quarters.
+New Materials, Enhanced Up and Down Integration Growth. But the third quarter saw a drop in the start-up rate of some downstream installations due to energy consumption and double control policies, and cost factors such as coal stacking rose too fast, with companies having a slight decline in their profit ring ratio in the third quarter.
" Helium petrochemicals (600346); multiple items disclosed with increased effort to farm new materials tons/year refining capacity, 5 million tons/year modern coal-chemical plants, 4.5 million tons per year px and 4.5 million tons per year " .
2021.1066.25.4 million tons of acetic acid. In the mid-stream pta sector, the company currently has 11.6 million tons/year pta capacity.
For the only multi-million-ton equity company in the industry, a further 25 million tons of pta were born, with a six-month-on-year and a year-on-year return to production line under construction and expected to be operational by mid-2022.
By 16.6 million tonnes/year, the company will be able to integrate the technological advantages of the upper chain of the polyester fibres industry and achieve Stereochemicals (600346); further increase in procyclical size and cost competitiveness.
Performance recovery, increased layout “refining + new tons of green multifunctional textile materials containing 150,000 tons of new elastic fibres, 150,000 tons of environmentally friendly fibres, 300,000 tons of ion fibres, 300,000 tons of fully digested fibres and 600,000 tons of differentiated fibres.
In the process, companies are the few enterprises in the country with the capacity to produce 7dfdy products, and have solid moats and technological advantages in the area of civil beaming.
In 2010, the \triangleright company concentrated on “Smelting + Coalification + ethylene + pta” in the Great Longsing Island Industrial Park.
The company has set up 350,000 tonnes/year synthetic amino devices, cinda securitiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, along with an accompanying storage facility, reduces costs by sharing public works in the refinery area. The public administration produces pure benzene, hydrogen, nitrogen and carbon dioxide gas from the refining, ethylene, coalification units.
These are the main raw materials for the production of products such as adipic acid and food-grade carbon dioxide, of which adipic acid is an important raw material for the production of nylon 66.
The project for downstream fine chemical parks, which include high-value-added products such as electron dmc, pc, abs, is also accelerating planning and approval and is expected to further upgrade the raw materials support thickness and product value added in the upstream c2-c4 industrial chain.
In the first three seasons, the company produced 24.548 million tons of new material products, representing an increase of 19.33 per cent in the same year.
195.18 billion yuan, an increase of 58.36 per cent. The company’s subsidiary, Kang Fui, invested in the construction of a 800,000-ton annual production of functional polylipid film and functional plastics project with a capacity of 470,000 tons of high-end polyester film, 100,000 tons of special-function film, 150,000 tons of modified pbt,
Pbat 80,000 tonnes. High-end, functional polyester membrane is widely used in electronics (125,000 tonnes), optical materials (76,000 tonnes), information technology (76,000 tonnes), new types of decoration (82,000 tonnes), new energy vehicles (410,000 tonnes) and packaging materials (70,000 tonnes);
Functional films are mainly used in the areas of lithium diaphragm, photovoltaic back film, and companies are also the few companies worldwide that can produce 12 micrometres of silicon-coated lithium battery protective membrane online; 150,000 tons of modified pbt are used mainly in automobile manufacturing; 80,000 tons of modified pbat are used mainly in automobile manufacturing.
Degradable plastic bags, biodegradable glue, etc.. Line-based layouts of Conveyant polyester film and functional plastics assist companies in developing lithium electricity and photovoltaic industrial chains into the new energy track. Conghui has been in production for the year. With the support of the upstream “Great Chemical” industrial chain platform, companies rapidly expand their high-end differences.
In combination, the subsidiary Confuge's new material has achieved a different layout of functional film and engineering plastics, opening up a development course for “new consumption” and “hard technology” and achieving a chain of industry.
The country’s two-carbon policy has become more frequent, accelerating the process of winning and losing the refining industry. In the recent past, the Central and Central China \triangleright Council issued a report on the full and accurate implementation of the new concept of development for carbon neutralization and work.
Opinions, State Department, Circular on the publication of the action programme for carbon peaks by 2030 (National Development Report, No. 23), National Development Reform Commission, Selected Opinions on Stringent Energy Efficiency Constraints to Promote Carbon Reduction in Priority Areas, and Strict Energy Efficiency Conservancy in Focused Chemical Industries
The Action Plan for Energy Conservation and Carbon Reduction (2021-2025) promotes carbon peaks in the petrochemical sector, strictly controls additional refining capacity, controls a single domestic processing capacity of up to 1 billion tons by 2025, and increases the capacity utilization rate of the main product requirement to over 80%. We believe that there are supply-side constraints.
In the environment, helium petrochemicals use an all-hydrogen process, relying on a “less oil-rich” refining unit to optimize energy use, reduce the intensity of energy per unit consumption and contribute to low-carbon development of the industrial chain, and further increase competitiveness in the refining industry in China.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect that the company's net return profits in 2021-2023 will continue to contribute to the benefits of the \triangleright Great Refining Project, depending on the development of new chemical materials on the Great Chemical Platform.
We maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; end demand recovery below expectations \triangleright
Risks; risk of increasing domestic pta production capacity leading to continued profit spreads; risk of excess refining capacity; risk of slow recovery of profits from downstream products; significant increase in carbon neutralization policy for the petrochemical industry to B.A. and M.A. in Western Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017, mainly responsible for the crude oil, gas and garment chains.
The study and the evaluation of investments in the petrochemicals project of the Chinese firm Sindha Asset Management. The best parts of the 18th New Wealth and Energy Mining Industry in 2020 are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.