The first half of the year was 28.7 per cent lower than the previous year, and the information chip camp was overtaken by last year by Shinko semiconductor huhui2@guosen.com.cn
And some of the major clients in the traditional corporate dominance field have yet to return to normal procurement, while the company has adjusted its marketing strategy as the chip product becomes more competitive and proceeds from chip sales have increased,
The profits - $163 million (more than $131 million and $88 million more than the previous season) and the deductions - the contribution of Māori in industrial control operations was higher during the same period, and this year ' s revenues and rates of Māori in industrial control operations declined.
To; Māori rates for information operations are on the rise as the volume of information chip sales is warming; Māori rates for portfolio operations are associated with product structure in solution 133.21/67.89, and the ratio for whole-stage solutions is reduced and Māori is on the same scale higher.
The chip income has increased in two consecutive seasons, and the solution has been reduced by tactically adjusted sales. The company's 1h24 chip product collected $163 million, with revenues from chip sales rising in two consecutive quarters, of which 54 million (Yoy-51.86 per cent) was generated from industrial chips, with a Māori rate of 52.47 per cent; and the information-chemical chip collection.
The amount of $109 million (Yoy186.98 per cent) was higher than last year's year's year-round information chip collection, with a Māori rate of 21.55 per cent. As chip sales began to warm, the company adjusted its marketing strategy to reduce the whole-system solution sales, with a Māori rate of R$56 million (Yoy-64.14 per cent) and Māori 23.42 per cent.
In the field of informatization, a new generation of products is entering the market in a small batch phase. The desktop cpu side, with the roll-out of the core 3a6000, the solution has been introduced and entered into the small batch extension segment. The server cpu side, which supports the cruiser in completing the core 3c000/3d5,000 pairs of circuits and quadrants.
In addition, the development of the Dragon-chip-head card/ai-accelerator chip 9a1,000 has been fully developed.
Investment proposal: adjust profit expectations to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We believe that corporate operations will be gradually improved by the cyclical changes in the industry, and new information-based chip products will lead to growth in desktop products. Figure 2: Corporate quarterly operating income and growth (billion yuan, %)
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and increase for companies (Billions, %) Figure 3: Net profit and increase for companies (Billions, %)
Figure 6: Māori ratio of company sub-products (%) Figure 8: Māori rate of company, net interest rate, cost rate (%) Figure 9: Quarterly cost rate of company
Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, cost rates (%) Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the professional understanding of authors, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future