Dragon Cube (688047.sh): Performance pressure, continuous layout of autonomously controlled ecology.
For the development, sale and clothing of processors and accompanies 100 million yuan in the second quarter of the year, a 47.53 per cent decrease in the same year, a net return to the mother - 163 million yuan, common services, major products and services, including processors and ancillary chips.
Products and basic hardware and hardware solutions.
Corporate performance is constrained by the contraction of macroeconomic and customer procurement. Corporate performance during the reporting period has been enhanced by the growth of business income towards cybersecurity, office and business information, by 220 million yuan, or 28.68 per cent less than the previous year, and by the realization of a net return profit of 238 million yuan, which has increased by the same loss.
There is full market cooperation with partners in areas such as industrial controls and property networking, and some key clients in the areas of e-government, energy, the economic environment, e-government markets and traditional corporate dominance have not returned to normal.
The impact of procurement in the transport, finance, telecommunications, education and other sectors has been achieved, with business income under pressure; on the other hand, with the increased competitiveness of the chip product, the corresponding increase in sales revenue, the company's sales strategy has been adjusted to reduce the sales of the whole package solution, and reporting on it.
During the period, the solution generated $56,173.4 million, a 64.14 per cent decrease in the same year. On the net profit side, while the Department is actively controlling fees, there has been a contraction in the procurement of some of the high-morigin products in the field of industrial control, overall industrial control operations, active in dealing with external challenges, increased competitiveness of the iterative chip product, and control fees to cope with declining income pressures.
During this period, the company continued to invest in research and development to improve the competitiveness of chip products, and the first half of the year the chip product harvest was $163 million, of which $109 million was generated by the information chip, which exceeded last year ' s full year ' s information chip 52 week-long share price range.
In addition, in response to the downward pressure on revenue collection, companies actively controlled the cost of sales and management fees, which fell by 6.67 per cent and 22.50 per cent, respectively, during the reporting period.
During the IT transition, companies are under greater pressure to operate, but companies continue to multiply their main products to improve the information field Competitiveness in the field of industrial control through a solution-driven combination strategy, opening up public b/h shares (million shares)
The company is committed to building autonomous command systems and industrial ecology and continuously improving product performance and ecology. (1) In the area of trust, desktop cpu, the Odm company, represented by Hua-seok, has actively developed a dragon core, 3a6,000 new-generation master plate, enhanced the quality of the core core and supported the introduction of a rich variety of software manufacturers.
The total value of the product, including desktop machines, single machines, notebooks, nuc, etc., is 3a6,000 higher than the previous generation ' s 3a5,000 products. For server cpu, support is provided to the cruisers to complete the development of 3c000/3d5,000 double- and four-way servers, based on the market access extension phase.
Dragonchicpu's server was placed on a server, moving around China, to collect the package. Informationization chip product collection increased by 186.98% on the same basis during the reporting period, and the Māori rate for this product gradually increased to 21.55%, up by 11.05 cents, as a result of a lower fixed cost share of a single product due to higher sales.
(ii) In the area of industrial control, companies use a combination of solutions to drive chip sales. On the one hand, the core embedded/specialized chip value ratio will be significantly increased to form an embedded cpu open market competition, on the other hand, the company will use the core to capture the advantages of bottom technology and eco-opening, and support the industry.
During the reporting period, companies supported customers based on their support for the sale of chips.
The development of a series of black and white single functions, quadruple machines, scanners, etc., is about to be marketed: support client s1485230701
Households have acquired initial applications in energy and smart manufacturing enterprises based on the nuc system of 2k2000 and 3a6,000. Companies have a high degree of autonomy and have continuously improved their product capacity and ecology through continuous iterative product performance and market expansion.
Companies continue to alter their product performance, improve their ecology, continuously raise their chip income, and actively control the cost of falling pressure on their income. Companies are committed to building autonomous command systems and industrial ecology, continuously improving their product performance and generating a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the dragon core, 688047.sh: Performance pressure, continued deployment of autonomous ecology, the source of the east's financial and intellectual prosperity.
Chang Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.