27/04/04: the company published a quarterly report in 2024. The company received $12,521.7 million in revenues, in the same amount.
\triangleright \triangleright split commodity price, 2024q1, average electrolytic copper price of $694,000 per ton, ring growth of 1.9 per cent, year-on-year growth
The spot index for tc concentrates averaged $25.47/tonne, a 68 per cent decrease in the same ring, but the cost of smelting down was limited in profit due to large smelting plants with a higher proportion of single-size copper concentrates that could be produced at long-sale prices at the beginning of the year; the average cost of sulfuric acid in Lake North (no gangxi data, replaced by North) was $153
Qiu Joo, Zhang Jianqing.
Millions of dollars, with both revenue and operating costs falling on the same scale, or a corresponding decrease in losses due to a contraction in the volume of trade, resulting in profit growth, while the price of by-product gold increased on a ring basis or contributed to a part of the increase in Maori), investment returns (compared to $749 million, mainly or lower on hedges), with the main reduction being a fair value.
Billion dollars, the logic of the gain is the same as the cause of the same change, loss of assets (560 million won by the ring, steady increase in the output of the project construction boost, a projection of the impairment, or because of the higher impairment of 23q4 inventory and some old assets, while the price of 24q1 copper continues to rise,
Sound Profit Release - 2023/04/01 Core point: Copper whole-industry chain layout, leading the country in smelting and processing capacity. 1 company business layout covers \triangleright
The entire industrial chain of exploration, mining, mineral extraction, smelting, processing, etc. has the advantage of integration. Company 2 is the largest copper production base in the country, leading the country in smelting and processing. The company produces more than 200,000 tons of copper annually, the company produces more than 1.8 million tons of cathode/year, and the largest single-body smelting in the world at the Precious Creek Smelter under the flag.
Three state companies have reformed, strictly controlled the volume of trade, and the loss section has gradually turned into a profit-making business, with a cash flow profit. The investment proposal is that the company has an advantage in size in the domestic copper industry. Given the rise in copper prices, we're going up.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.