Old client orders fluctuated, new factories improved profitability, Wally Group (stock code: 300979), and q3 revenue phase fluctuated in the third quarter of 2025.
The net non-mortality gain of $2.500 billion fell 10.83 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, the q3 company achieved a turnover of 168 million pairs of moving shoes, an increase of 3.04 per cent, and an increase in the q3 quarter. The q3 quarter was adjusted by short-term orders from some of the older clients, with sales falling by the same amount of 3.6 to 53 million pairs.
In 2024, according to the company’s internal accounting caliber, three of the four sports shoe production plants were made profitable at 25q3. The company’s new client, Effila Dillimuti, made a profit.
Aidedas is fast-disbursing, and brands of new power, like onon and hoka, have been growing steadily. Supply chain adjustments are expected to be completed throughout the year, and orders are expected to pick up steadily in 2026.
Reductions of 5.85 pct. Of which q3-quarter increase of 1.1 per cent in the q2 ring ratio. The company ' s Māori ratio is expected to improve as the new plant matures and the plant ' s efficiency mitigation measures move forward. Control efficiency is increasing. By the end of q3, the company ' s stock turnover was 58 days, a 6-day decline in the same year.
Investment proposal: The company is currently in a period of rapid expansion of its new production capacity, and the efficiency of the new plant will take time to climb, but the public has tied up high-quality customers, and the order structure is constantly optimized.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risks.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.