Ho is saturated with ppps, overseas orders, Māori rates rise, and future performance is expected to grow steadily, China is saturated with ppp orders, and asset securitization advances or will benefit; benefits are “all the way”
Overseas business has expanded well; with a steady increase in the caliber Māori rate, the company ' s future performance is expected to increase steadily. As a result, China has a natural advantage in order-taking, financial strength and so on. As the ppp project continues to grow, the ppp business has opened up and, according to the announcement, the company will take over in 2016.
Ppp projects 15 with operations in the areas of railways, highways, riverine airports, etc., amounting to $155,646 million. 217/1/9, ppp project asset securitization seminars were held to promote securitization financing for traditional infrastructure ppp projects and asset securitization could be proposed for ppp projects.
To get out of the pipeline, encourage and attract social capital to become more involved in the ppp project, and to broaden the follow-up financing channel is more important for sustaining the ppp project. China’s iron-building policy, under the “one-way” policy, has accelerated the expansion of overseas markets, as can be seen from the company’s largest.
Over the last three quarters of 2016, iron was built to accumulate $44.6 billion in new overseas contracts, although it was a product package from the same period last year.
Companies have completed overseas operations with revenues of $14,644 million, while up to $36,248 million, or 25 times the amount of overseas earnings, is still available as of 2016/6/30, so we expect that revenues from overseas operations will continue to grow faster in the future.
In China, iron construction is one of the country’s largest engineering contractors, with engineering contracting accounting for nearly 90% of the total revenue, of which about 80% comes from railways, roads, and waterways, so the investment in fixed State transport assets is the cornerstone for ensuring the volume of orders for companies’ domestic operations.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa fixed asset investment of 801.5 billion yuan, a slight decrease of 2.7 per cent over the same period, and road waterway investment of 1.8 trillion yuan in fixed road water assets planned for 2017, although based on past experience estimates
In the future, we expect that our total investment in transport fixed assets will remain stable, so the ppp project and the expansion of overseas operations will be key to the company’s future performance growth. Iron construction achieved business income of $423,885 million in the first three quarters of 2016, an increase of 2.62% over the previous three quarters of 2016.
Revenue from middle and offshore operations amounted to 19.51 per cent, while domestic revenue grew almost at a zero rate. The elimination of the camp was 12.43 per cent more than the previous year. For the third quarter, the company collected yay+4.66 per cent; the net profit of the mother yoy+18.59 per cent. The main reason for the increase in performance was the rapid growth of orders over the previous two years.
In 2016, the company expected to realize a net profit of $14,222 million in 2016, 2017 and 2018 in China, respectively, with low valuations and high-profile shares on issues such as the mix of state-owned companies, one-way movement, and the securitization of ppp assets.
In the context of asset waste, which is a good target for investment proposals for purchases, the expected compensation (expected return; er) is given in table 1: the bid for China ' s construction ppp project in 2016, as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.