Felix Sérèssgroup (601127ch) asked New World 7 about the expected high number of new M7s, and about the significant increase in the price of software and hardware upgrades, attonewm7ordervolumeexeedsextactions, hardwareandsoftwareupgradessactionenhancevalueformoney
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) asking the new m7 is over-expected and the price increase value ratio has risen significantly.
On the 6th day of the day, more than 7,000 vehicles were broken, and a single day record was created. The sale price was $24,98-3098,000, the start-up price was $50,000 over the old section, and 500 million worth of new upgrades were made for Chinese combined Cyrus.
The main competitions are ideal l7, Byadidon, Sattufree, Blue Mountain dht, etc. The power system is new, and the body safety of the vehicle continues to improve.
5020*1945*1760 mm, using a 1.5t four-cylinder turbo booster and a dwarve, two-drill output of 200kw, four-drive output of 330kw. Cltc continues its flight 1300km at a maximum speed of 190km/h. Optimizes the linearity of the power, reduces the speed-reducing shock, lifts the smoothness of the slide, drops.
Low car dizziness, increased second row comfort. m7 equipped with darts 2.0 torque systems, double fsd tremors, reduced horizontal shocks by 13.8%, increased sensitivity to 35.9% and body stability by 35%, and increased driving comfort.
Steel, marked with 8 airbags and two pre-tight seat belts. Front-to-back collision recognition of pedestrians and two wheels, oriental barrier anti-crash recognition of landslides, trysts, water horses, tight braking, protection of pedestrians and vehicles.
The Hongjong smart module 3.0 is becoming more and more eco-friendly, and mobile service heats up rapidly. m7 is on the Hongjian smart module 3.0 system, with big applications, seamless hand-overs, machine applications to cars, eco-sharing, voice-interactive upgrades.
It's a car-borne smart screen. The system can automatically regulate seats, rear-view mirrors, hud functions, make appointments for travel times and cycles, support a key to prepare the car, auto-modify the internal temperature of the car, open the seat with heating and ventilation, auto-purify the air, and build a more comfortable and pleasant driver.
Tests. The new game is expanded in the Huaweimaglink vehicle, which supports the skating of the tablet behind the seat with a 27w fast charge; the five modules will open the vip cinema mode using portable projectors and screens to match the audio design of 19 units of the Huawaisound
The sound system, the immersion of the cinema's audio-visual enjoyment. We believe that China's mobile business has broken through the chip bottlenecks, quickly recovered its share in the country, and that the growing promotion of the Quaker Ecologic List has gradually been demonstrated, and it is hoped that sales will rise back to the bottom.
Query m7 is equipped with an ads high-level smart driver 2.0, which is an infinity close to the one-three mind-drive test. Quote laser integration of the god network in the ads 2.0 industry makes it easier to identify barriers.
By contrast, the Bev+transformer path, which is based on the first in-business sense of integration, is capable of operating normally without a high-precision map. The third and fourth Lidus are planned for 2023.
Assisting drivers, and planning to support a national intelligent path by the end of 2023. We believe that the safety and utility of assistive driving technology, supported by powerful Chinese research and development, will quickly enter the country's first echelons, and that regional coverage and vehicle-type applications are expected to continue to expand.
The non-new-energy automobile business continued to shrink, with a negligible valuation of the market value. Instead of using the p/s valuation dollar, which was largely flat, the “better than the big market” rating was maintained.
Barneyyao oscarwang