Automobiles, Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa came back to me as a genius, flew up the wings, smart cars were at the core, turned up again. Cyrus deals with new energy cars.
The main products include the aito community series of high-end intelligent new energy vehicles, the Riggs electric commercial car, the blue power smart car, windlights and mpv. The company started in 2019.
Cooperation, after four years of research and development and a well-established industrial chain, has succeeded in building smart electric cars like aito Questm5 and pure electric versions and m7. Multi-purpose cooperation models, intelligent base depth empowerment.
Distinguished into hi/intellectual models, series brands create multi-car-type product matrices, while at the same time providing the main channel for Sailessuv. We believe that Hua is wise in hardware, algorithms, numbers, total share capital/flow (millions of shares)
There are clear advantages at all levels, high-efficiency autopilots, systemic smart car sizes, total market value/flow solutions (millions of dollars) and deep enabling branding, which are expected to create the Matthews effect.
Up to 12 months/minimum ($) Asking communities have been operating in open urban areas such as Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Chongqing, and are conducting rpa parking-assisted delivery for all users, with no national map expected to open by the end of the year
Urban area nca, leading the intelligent driving industry. At the smart cabin level, the Qingbang 4.0 vehicle system was officially launched in August 2023, allowing for multi-facility, multi-screen multi-sounding areas, and introducing multi-model interactive technologies that provide diverse ways of interacting, including voice recognition,
In September of this year, aito asked New World M7 to show up, and the first month of the market will see a total of 60,000 breakthroughs, which will be marketed and will drive the product up further. Looking ahead, 2024-2025, new cars will follow.
In terms of capacity, the company's two-river smart factory and Phoenix Ji factory, built in accordance with industry 4.0 standards and industrial Internet requirements, together produce more than 200,000 cars per year. The third plant is planned for the second half of 2023.
Completion of the construction year, with a projected combined annual capacity of 700,000 vehicles, capacity, sales and vehicle-type cycles starting the second phase of robust growth, scale effects driving car-type Māori rates, markets, Cyrus (601127.sh): We've come back for wisdom, flying up the wings.
"Won's come back for wisdom, he's going up, he's going up for wisdom, he's going up for intelligence, he's going up for wings, he's going up for wisdom, he's going up for wings."
In order to create aito-question brand, the transformation is going back and forth three times, and Cyrus is known as a new energy car, a technology-making company with a core business.
Research, manufacture, sale, and services for energy cars and core trio, traditional cars and core components, the main products of which are the high-end intelligent new energy vehicles in the aito world series, the swiggly electric commercial vehicles, the blue power smart electric cars, the wind-sud and mpv. The company can be divided into three broad phases:
The company's predecessor, the Phoenix Electric Springs Factory in Chongqingba County, was registered in 1986 and produced mainly electrical springs, microcar seats, etc. In 1996, a motorbike shock absorber was developed, and self-developing car shock absorbers were developed and converted to motorbike production.
Automotive manufacturing phase (2003-2016): In 2003, a joint venture with East Wind created the “Eung Feng Xiaogang Motors Company Ltd.” to launch the auto industry. In 2007, Chongqing Xiaokang Motors Group Ltd. opened a passenger vehicle operation. In 2016, Xiaokang's shares landed successfully in a cooperative phase (2017-to date): in 2017, the company acquired the eighth new energy production qualification in the country and officially started a new energy transfer.
In August 2022, the company changed its name to “Celese” and has so far successfully entered the market to ask the branding of the company m5, m7, m5ev and other aito.
As of 2023h1, the firm's real owner, Zhang Xinghai, held 50% of the company's shares in Chongqing and 19.72% of the company's shares in Yong An Auto-Industries Ltd., combined indirectly holding 14.99% of the company's shares in Cyrus through two companies, effectively controlling the company, with Zhang Xinhai, Zhang Xinqing, Chin-min as immediate family members, and the company as a family-owned business.
Cargroups hold 21.72% of the company’s shareholdings, the company’s second-largest shareholder, and the company’s control is relatively concentrated.
The company’s main business can be divided into two main aspects of whole-car operations and supply chain operations. In the whole-car business, the product covers new energy vehicles and traditional models, and the main product spectrum includes suv, mpv, mini-commercial vehicles, etc. In the supply chain business, including three electrical products and core parts, the company has produced 1.5t-2.0t processors and engine products.
The company's operations are divided mainly into full-car operations and supply chain operations The whole-car business continues to develop, with a wide range of vehicle types. The company began to move into micro-cars through a joint venture with East Wind.
mpv, forming a series of k, v, c, and wind. The new energy vehicle will represent the new m7, m5, Sylissf5, wind light miniev, wind light 580, small east wind k01, and Ritzec 3511, among others.
In the first half of 2023, the company ' s model of vehicles combined sales amounted to 922,000 vehicles, with a total of 44.8 million vehicles sold, or 48.6 per cent of the total, starting with a follow-up M7, with a peak of 64 per cent in the first quarter of 2022.
Large-scale delivery, the company’s share of new energy sources is expected to climb up again. Figure 5 Automobile sales (vehicles) and new energy share (%) Self-researching supply chain operations and accumulation of product technology.
Car Technology Center, which is responsible for designing new products, testing, and so on. The Automotive Technology Centre, the New Energy Automobile Institute, etc., have been set up to improve the company’s research and development system.
For example, product lines are gradually expanding to upgrade gasoline engine products, such as af, bg, and dk, where the main performance indicators of the dk series are industry leaders. For three electricity operations, self-researched integrated smart generators are industry-led, producing 3.2 degrees of electricity per litre, up 20% from the industry average.
Figure 7 Multi-power-driven platform for companies Financial performance: aito asks the world-driven second-growth curve to open, and the Maori rate fluctuates from year to year Automobile business, with an increase in overseas revenue. In 2022, the company ' s revenue ratio for new energy and fuel vehicle operations was higher.
Automotive exports broke out, accounting for 11% of overseas revenues in 2022. Meanwhile, companies have over 1,000 marketing service outlets abroad, which have become high-quality delivery of sales clothing systems, export business development, and overseas orders in the consumer community.
As the company's new energy transition works, it boosts business income in 2020.
The company's Māori rate and net interest rate have been showing a positive correlation since 2017 with the aito-based sales. Aito asks the brand's first M5-plus model, launched in 2022 q1, asks m7 and m5-punctuated versions are on the market in 2022q2 and q3, respectively, and 2022q4aito-based sales amount to 30.5 million.
In terms of Māori, the Māori rate was 6.68%, and as ait0 asks for branded cars, 2022q4 M. Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa came back as a wise man, and the interest rate was once 14.53%, and Māori rates and sales peaked together. In the first half of 2023, Māori asked for brand names with aito.
The decline in sales began to decline, with a total volume of 1.16 million in 2023q2aito, with a Maori rate of 4.17 per cent for the same period, compared to 3.52 ptt. Ring to 4.71 ptt. The company ' s Māori level is more relevant to aito ' s brand sales, and Māori levels are expected to continue to recover as aito ' s brand sales go up.
The level of Māori in Chart 15 is more relevant to the volume of sales in the world, and there is a re-emergence of a variety of cooperative models that enable Celes to re-innovate (i) to enter the car industry and create a smart car solution.
In 2014, China set up a car-networking laboratory within the “Labour 2012” to conduct research on car-networking, and over the years, it launched several solutions at the end of the car-connected system, the tubes, the clouds, and the integration of hardware and software systems, and forged close partnerships with a large number of car companies.
In May 2019, China officially launched the Smart Motor Solutions.
By the end of 2020, in an effort to transfer carbu from the ict Management Committee to the Consumer Operations Management Committee in May 2021, the remaining owner of Bgceo, was officially appointed to the Car Buceo, and in September 2023, the remaining member was appointed to the post of Chief Executive Officer, and it is hoped that the remaining member ' s accumulated experience in the area of consumer electronics will be fully empowered.
Figure 18 provides an internal structure for (ii) the three modes of cooperation that enable the company to work quickly with the company by creating a multi-faceted model of cooperation.
There are three main modes of cooperation. First, as a supplier of parts and components, it provides smart components such as laser radar, arhud, etc., for automobile companies, and, second, as a platform provider, it builds a holistic solution on its own to provide bottom hardware, algorithms and development platforms; and third, as a provider of full-storey solutions, it works in depth with automobile companies to provide a holistic solution for smart cars.
Huawaiinside model: integrating China as a resource for car companies, defining, jointly developing, and using a Chinese-made all-in-the-board smart car solution. China is currently working on the hei model with three cars: North, Chang An, and Guang.
It is a smart model: it is a deep participatory product definition and whole-car design, as well as channel sales, and it collaborates with car companies in product design, interior design, and brand marketing, representing the aito-questioning brand for cooperation with Cyrus, which covers smart cabins, smart power, internal and external design, marketing channels, etc.
Suppliers model: This model provides mainly hardware and software services, covering five sections of smart driving, smart cabins, smart electrics, smart grids, and smart car clouds, basically creating an ecological layout of sensors, chips, operating systems, algorithms and applications, and cloud services, and co-operatives include traditional and autonomous firms such as one gas, the Great Wall, Jili, upper steam, as well as foreign companies such as Mercedes, BMW, and the general public.
Cyrus (601127.sh): It's come back for wisdom, and it's going up, and it's going up, and it's going up, and it's going to be able to be smart, and it's going to focus on a number of technological advantages, and it's going to be able to get a deep start. It's going to provide an innovative architecture and a digital platform for a platform-plus eco-development strategy.
In its “1+8+n” global smart life strategy, “1” represents smart phones; “8” stands for screens, panels, pc, wearable devices, cars, etc.: “n” stands for paniot devices, and cars are one of the most important strategic landings for China. On hardware, it is a self-research mdc autopilot platform that provides scalable isomeric algorithms for autopilots; on data.
China works in depth with car companies to obtain key data through the hi model and the smart selection model, while self-researching the ancient auto model 3.0, accelerating the autopilot iterative process; with regard to algorithms and arithmetic, using the "bev+transformer" superimposed with the Chinese-initiated God network integration perception gaeb technology with laser radar to successfully train ai arithmetic platform without reliance on high precision
Hardware level: Hwa is the first echelon of the mdc platform, which covers the 12 to l5 autopilot. Smartly driven cars have four core subsystems: sensors, computing platforms, implementers and application algorithms, which are defined as mdc (mbileddatacenter: mobile data centres).
A computer platform with smart drivers aos, vols and mdccore, compatible with autosar, supports an improved tool chain with a smooth-into-l5. The hardware of the mdc platform is integrated into a powerful soc chip with cpu and ai computing power, for Cyrus.
Smart drivers provide scalable isomer algorithms, mdc 810 with 400+tops, released in April 2021, supporting Robtaxil 4 to 26 dW as historical mdc platform graphic 25 dw as mdc platform hardware support and scenario application
Figure 27 Developments of a high-calculation chip in a national production firm Data level: China has an advantage in autopilot data closures. In autopilot scenarios, problem data are usually marked after collection on vehicles, and then engineers use new data to train neural network models at cloud ends and retrain them.
The loops usually include data collection, data flow, data management, data labelling, modeling, testing and validation of several links, which have advantages over multiple links. For example, using model training, the cloud released a big model of an ancient car on the 2023 All Connect General Assembly, creating complex scenes by building digital combs.
The driving coornercase learning cycle has been shortened from more than two weeks to two days, leading to a significant increase in autopilot rotation efficiency.
In this model, there will be advantages in collecting data based on multiple vehicle models. And when cooperatively empowered firms and models grow, the level of data generated under this model will rise dramatically.
In combination with the advantages of data-processing, model training, etc., the autopilot capability will increase significantly over time. And, after the gap between autopilot capabilities and industry companies, the consumer will turn to sales, forming a positive cycle of autopilots for the cooperative model.
Algorithm level: ads 2.0 opens a new era of uncharted autopilots. The "bev+transformer" is used by the "ads 2.0 intellectual program to superimpose the integration perception gaeb (general barrier detection aeb) techniques based on the Chinese-initiated god network and laser radar, without relying on the algorithm of high-precision maps. The former uses the "bev+transformer" to create an accurate road by generalizing the boundaries of multi-sensor perceptive objects into cubes.
The 3d scene, precisely judging the movement of the barrier, changed the traditional perception algorithm to recognize only the limitations of a flat rectangular. The latter was trained through large models, a network of road-tapping reasoning, navigational maps, a combination of routes already in motion for the next trajectory, and accurate perception and control in the absence of high-precision maps.
In 2023, the city-based navigation aids of the major car companies were built around the volume of their cars and entered into the real user coverage and multi-city landings. On landings, Pelican, Ideas, aito asked:
For the time being, the aito community is in the first ranks, while the other companies are in the process of catching up. At present, the aito community has launched the open cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chongqing, etc., nca, and is conducting a rpa parking-aided delivery for all users. It is expected that by the end of the year the national auxiliary driving function will be operational, leading the intellectual driving industry.
It is based on the fundamentals of the core chip community, building a platform of arithmetic.
In DUI applications, China is building a fully equipped data processing process through cloud core capabilities and cloud-based large model depths to enhance data-drive capabilities and speed up data-closing, to assist clients in auto-drive development.
The system has advantages in terms of fluidity and distribution capabilities. The system was officially launched in August 2019, with a smooth, open-source and distributed capability compared to the ios and Andres operating systems, while supporting the use of motor vehicles. In 2023, the market share of Hongmun 0s grew in China, with a market share of 8% and a third-largest mobile phone.
Chart 34 compares the Hungmon system with other systems, and the global landscape-based system, Harmonvos, enhances its intellectual experience. Harmonvos have a high degree of flexibility and scalability to achieve seamless connectivity and interoperability between vehicles and other smart devices. The latest system, based on Hungmonos, will lead to a smoother flow.
An interactive, multi-screened, multi-symphonic system that can interact and collaborate more closely with mobile phones, smart home devices, etc., can provide users with easier and more intelligent vehicle experiences.
Control the touch screen operation, etc., so that the smart seat can be re-evolved. The Hong Meng module is in a leading position in the industry. China's Harmonyos4 has been further upgraded to a smart cabin experience, which has a number of intelligent features, such as super desktops, pc double screens, hud high self-adaptation, and a wealth of engine applications and easy cross-equipment.
Connectivity. In the case of super desktops, which fit with more third-party applications, while optimizing the multi-equipment co-existence experience in the cabin, new and additional screens and features allow multi-screen synchronization in the cabin. On the interactive side, the intelligent assistant “small art” has access to the large-scale ai model technology, interactive natural flow of dialogue, combined with information retrieval, summary generation, multilingual translation, etc., with 87.6 per cent of all cabin operations at present.
It's done by Little Art. Cyrus: It's come back for wisdom, it's going up, it's going up, it's going up, it's going to go up, it's going to go up, it's going to go up, it's going to be a strong recovery in the branding cycle.
Aito asks about a comprehensive refinancing, a strong new cycle, well-structured, well-planned products. High-end smart new-energy car products under the Cyrus flag are competitive, high-powered, able to ride through a lot of bright spots like experience, one-ring cockpits, harmonyos systems, and advanced intelligent solutions.
Ssf5 was officially listed in April 2021, and in 2022, the company issued and delivered aito to ask the community for m5, m7 and m5 pure electric versions of three high-end intelligent new energy cars, covering two major technological routes: incremental and pure electricity. In September 2023, aito asked the world for a new m7, while it is expected that aito to ask the board will be released in December, and the company’s new car cycle is robust.
Aito asks for a market position at the level of m5/m7. Aito asks for a medium-sized and medium-sized suv at the level of m5 and New m7 respectively, covering two main power forms, plus and pure power, and is highly competitive in the new energy suv market of $250,000 to $350,000. In the incremental market, the 25-400,000 suv market is primarily based on ideals and the aito question world, and the two brands are well-positioned.
Ramodely, Biadedonev, Peng6 and others are more competitive in their combination, and aito asks that the m5 pure version of the appliance is based on strong product power and value for money. It is expected that aito will be able to locate 500,000 yuan-grade luxury suv in two power-driven forms, with an extension of brand price bands and a further build-up of brand high-end technology.
The new m7 order is over-expected, and the m9 vehicle continues to provide accumulatory and pure power to the aito border. Aito asks the aito boundary m5 to locate medium suv with a size of 4785*1930*1620mm with an axle range of 2880 mm, with an extension and a pure electrical version of two power forms at a cost of 25.98-30.98 million.
The aito question-m5 extension was delivered in March 2022, creating the fastest industry record of 87 days of a new brand, single-car model, which has broken down. Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa came back for wisdom, and the ma5 was released in September 2022, and Jiliaito asks if the brand has succeeded in entering the pure electricity market.
Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa came to me as a wise man, flew up aito asking aito to look at the world m5 and the intelligent experience ahead. aito asked mitt5 to use low wind noise, with four layers of two-storey insulation and one-size-fits-all-rolling door structures effectively insulating external and road noise.
The long-range platform provides single and binary versions, of which the quadrupled version of the binary is a combination of hw165+hw200 with a 100-km acceleration time of 4.4 seconds. The bus system is equipped with a deep-powered Hong Meng smart module with 10.4 inches of curvature inside, a liquid crystal dashboard and a 15.6 inch control large screen, a sound system like the 19 units of the Sound system, etc.
New m7. New m7. New m7. New m. 7 was officially released on September 12, with five new versions ranging from $249.98 million to $329.8 million for sale, which is a direct decrease of $40,000 compared to the previous version, and is more favourable than the ideal type of competitive car.
Axle range of 2820 mm, size 5020*1945*1760 mm, 15 mm lower than the original height, with a 1.5t plus mixer system with a two-drive maximum power of 200kw/330kw and a four-rolled electric motor.
It brings the quietness of a pure tram.
m7 bright-eye field, configured mainly in the areas of intelligent driving, cabins, body and driving: (1) intellectual driving, five-car-type version of smart-drive, auto-pilot hardware configuration upgraded to include 27 perceptive hardware such as superfish eye, milli-mip radar and laser radar, mounted on the Haaweiads 2.0 high-level driving support system with bev+god knowledge
(2) With regard to the cabins, the smart cabins carry Hung Men 3.0 and Huaweimaglink, upgrade the entire seat with ventilation, heating, massage, and the first commercial zero-gravity seats designed to increase the stress area of the human body and the seat, spreading the pressure from one part of the body to the seat, intelligence and comfort upgrading on an average basis.
(3) On the body and driving side, the body structure of the vehicle is based on new high-intensity steel and composite body materials, made of 24.4% submarine-grade hot steel and 80.6% high-intensity steel and aluminium alloys, with a wide range of collision tests with excellent results. dats 2.0 adapts to the torque system. Smart torque is regulated, significantly increasing the sense of driving control through smoothness.
Chart 46aito asks New m7 Gravity-free seats, Chart 47aito asks New m7 body structure, New m7 orders are over-expected, and multiple factors create a blast. Aito asks New m7 accumulated between September 12th and October 13th.
In an effort to be deeply involved in the definition of aito products as a core player in the smart selection model, this time, China combined the family's strong return with the new m7 launch, with a 100-degree search index of the same day, far ahead of the same release.
The brilliant intellectual performances interacted with the cabin performances, which led to the birth of aito to ask for a new m7. Chart 48aito asks for accelerator for accelerator seven, ato tom9 is on the market, and the Cube platform creates a high-end model of a technology luxury car.
The platform’s first new vehicle, located as a luxury large new energy suv, is expected to be officially marketed in December 2023, with an extension and a pure electric version. The model highlights product power in terms of performance, comfort, and intelligence, with many leading technologies, and the brand is expected to continue to move up and explore the price belt of the upper end suv of $500,000.
(1) The size and interior of the car: the shape of the side of the car is simple and smooth, and the full frame plating window is wide and the visual effect is sharp. The size of the new car is 5230*1999*1,800 mm, the axle range is 3110 mm, and the size data is sudden.
Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa's come back from the brain, flying wings up (2) power performance: the huaweidriveone powered smart platform will cover the entire system, is expected to provide two power forms: pure electric power and booster mix, with a single-plate model with a two-power engine with a front power of 160kw and a post-electric motor.
Rate 230kw; Proximity model with maximum power of 112kw for the booster, maximum power of 165kw for the ex-drivers and 200kw for the post-drivers. (3) Intelligent aspects: it is expected that the van module will carry Harmonyos 4.0 and will contain huawaisound, 75-inch drawings
Huawaiar-hud, new-generation vehicle-based huaweixscene optical screens, etc., which provide an i-intellectual crystal for intelligent interaction, allow for a more humanized al-ai model to interact, while ads 2.0 will be supported by laser radars to bring high-level intellectual driving functions, accommodation in the cabin and intelligence.
Chart 52aito asks for a map of the world's m9. Chart 54aito asks for an example of the world's m9 smart lights.
De-i smart technology platform: a solution for a platform, multi-tech route. Super-drive smart technology platform de-i fit for Cyrus (601127.sh): Hua returns to the brain and takes up wings for a variety of scenarios, such as pure electricity, incrementals, multi-modals, oil conversion rate of 3.35kwh/l, zero acceleration in the full four-second phase, cltc integration
Continuing up to 1,400 kilometres, with a mileage free. At the same time, de-i optimized the third-generation booster, drive system, battery pack, smart control, etc., with a 20% increase in motivation and a further 10% reduction in the overall fuel consumption of wltc, creating power for users, while having a more comfortable use experience of low energy consumption and low noise.
Chart 56, Aluminium Alloy Bases, Chart 57, Three Power Products, Cube Platform: m9 with the next generation core technology platform. The Cube platform is compatible with cars, suv, mpv, etc.
Power systems, such as pure electricity and incremental processes, which support global power control of the chassis, carry air suspensions +cdc seismometers + back wheels, and are equipped with a single, pressurized aluminium body and full aluminium alloy chassis. Of these, aito asks about the plan to build the largest global integration using a mega-volt cast machine of 9,000t, pressurized aluminium bodies with more than 80% aluminium content, and integrates more than 200 parts with a significant reversal. Battery packages use a ctp reinforced box.
The platform supports a high-voltage charge of 800v, with a 4c charger core, which is further reduced in time. Three modern plants provide security for product delivery.
And the industrial Internet requires the construction of a factory that combines hardware and hardware, digital design and on-site production, based on a whole-car manufacturing process.
Jiang Xinjiang has a strategic cooperation agreement with the Cyrus Group, and Cyrus 3 has settled in Chongqing, Qing Qing, Qing Qing, Qing. According to the new trip, the construction of the project will be completed in the second half of 2023, with a potential of 700,000 vehicles for the year after its completion, providing a plan for a two-river smart factory for the delivery of the follow-up product.
Chart 61 sets out the plan for the Cylis Phoenix factory, with Huo's sharpest eye, and the long snowy space on the middle-end smart-car slopes, with a sustained expansion of the market for new medium- and high-end energy vehicles over $200,000.
The sale of medium- and high-end vehicles between over 200,000 price zones has continued to grow, with a combined total of 2.53 million vehicles sold, accounting for 42.2% of the total volume of new energy use vehicle sales, which, according to the Federation, was estimated to be about 8.5 million new energy use vehicles for the entire year 2023, corresponding to 36% penetration of new energy sources. The ratio of new medium- and high-end energy markets and the volume of new energy use vehicle sales was estimated at over $200,000 in 2023.
Autonomous brands are expected to define more than 200,000 new medium- and high-end energy markets. Representative brands, including new power-making vehicles, high-end brands in autonomous brands, and Tesla, among others, have a more obvious advantage.
The advantages of 3 and Modely were evident, and were a typical success story of the big monolithic strategy, with sales reaching 699,000 vehicles in January-September 2023, representing a share of the market for new energy at the mid-to-high end, according to 27.6 per cent. The new energy brand of Biadi, Ideal, Ameri, Ameri, Etobiadihan/Don/ SEAL/Bashell 07, Ideal l7/l8/l9, Ures6/et5 and Trendd9, respectively, was followed by 40.1 per cent.
24.4, 11.0, 93,000 vehicles with a market share of 15.8 per cent, 9.7 per cent, 4.4 per cent and 3.7 per cent for new medium- and high-end energy sources, respectively. The initial penetration of Cyrus was marked by a huge snowy slope. According to the above-mentioned projections for 2023, the market for new energy of 200,000 dollars or more was estimated to be 3.59 million vehicles, assuming that Cyrus would reach a maximum of 20 per cent of market space in the market and could sell up to 720,000 vehicles.
In 2023, the equivalent penetration rate was only 2.8 per cent, and Cyrus grew up in a long snow slope, and Cyrus (601127.sh): Wa came back to me as a wise man and flew up to the new energy truck business: New item m7 was set to make a huge breakthrough of 60,000 in the first month of the market, and in December 2023 it was expected to be released as border nine.
The company’s new energy automobile business is expected to be 307.54 between 2023 and 2025, aito asks the brand name of the company’s new energy automobile business: the model is now dominated by m5 extension, m5 pure electrical version, and new m7. The non-intellectual driver’s editions are valued at 259.98 million, 259.98 million, and 269.8 million, respectively, at an average cost of 28.98 million, 299.8 million and 31.9 million, respectively.
The ratio of sales of driving and intellectual driving is 40%/60%/m5 plus, m5 pure electrical, and new m7 is estimated at 27.7 million, 28.38 million and 29.9 million respectively. The total sales of aito brands are expected to be 8.9, 30.9 and 465,000 in 2025, respectively, corresponding revenues and other new energy brands: other new energy brands of the company include new energy sources such as Ruizi, and small energy under the flag of the East Wind and the East Wind.
ec36, windmiev, and others. Assuming that the company’s brand of other new energy vehicles has increased at an average annual rate of 20%, the fuel truck business 2023: the company’s fuel truck brands include the Swiss car, the east wind and the east wind, and the east wind and wind. As the new energy market expands rapidly, the share of the fuel truck market is expected to shrink further, and revenue is expected to contract with the fuel truck Beta.
Level of Māori: We believe that the upward trend in the sales of new energy models, coupled with such factors as increased production, the release of scale effects, improved depreciation amortization, lower prices of lithium carbonate, has led to a positive upward trend in capacity utilization, and Māori rates for new energy automobile operations are expected to increase gradually, valorization and rating: taking into account the company's excellent performance in new energy vehicles in auto-drives, we choose the ideal car, small car.
The car, Tesla, and Biadi's comparable company as Cyrus, because Cyrus and some of the comparable companies are not profitable, we value the 1.5-fold ps from the company's model of cooperation.
1) New energy cars are sold less than expected; 2) raw materials price volatility risk;
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.