A steady growth in performance, looking at the expected increase in output and release, three-quarterly review of the Atoll Organisms (600161.sh) - Atoll Organisms (600161.sh)
The net profit on maternity was $601 million, an increase of 7.67 per cent from the same year and $583 million from the non-net profit, an increase of 5.64 per cent from the same year. In the third quarter, operating income was $1,022 million from the first quarter, an increase of 1.54 per cent from the previous quarter. In the first three quarters, performance increased steadily, and the fall in profits from the single season was due to the acquisition of the Xiantian, Yongan bases.
Increased costs of production conversion. Corporate business earnings increased by 3.36 per cent in the three quarters of 2022 over the year, resulting in a 7.67 per cent increase in net profit from the same year, a steady increase in corporate performance due mainly to increases in sales, and a change in the shares held by subsidiaries as a result of the June 2021 replenishment of Chengdu.
The company’s three-quarter decline in profits was mainly due to Xianan’s return schedule, and the arrival of the Chengdu Longan base in August, and the increase in depreciation amortization of fixed assets. On 7 September, the company completed the acquisition and replenishment of Xian’s return day, and Xian’s return day was suspended and production resumed.
Until then, it will be in a state of loss; in addition to having been put into production in August at the Ever-Annium base, the cost of depreciation amortization of fixed assets is expected to have some impact on the profit end, as well. The capacity is steadily expanding, looking at the expected volume of new production.
With regard to the construction of the slurry station, which became operational in August of this year, the number of slurry stations now stands at 59 and the number of slurry stations being prepared at 23; with regard to the construction of the production base, Chengdu, one of the three main bases.
We look forward to the prospect of a follow-up performance of the company’s new production capacity.
With the construction of Lanzhou, the company will have 4000 to 5,000 tons of plasma processing capacity to catch up with the world’s first-line blood company. As the country’s new crown outbreak is under control, the demand for blood products is expected to return to growth, and the development strategy of the “scale plus quality” of the planet’s organisms is expected to boost the company’s performance.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Xing, Master of Western Economics, Bei Fong Business School, Beijing University, and Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.