On 24 October, the company released its performance report for the third quarter of 2022, achieving income of 2,913 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 336 per cent in the same year, and a net return of 601 million yuan in the same year.
Tianjin I's performance has grown steadily and has remained relatively stable in the last three quarters of 2022. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company's operating income grew robustly, by 3.36 per cent, and the volume of sales increased, mainly due to an increase in sales and a 7.67 per cent increase in the net profit of the mother.
The impact of factors such as the change in the shares held by subsidiaries for the June 2021 replenishment of Chengdu Yongsheng is on the rise. In the third quarter of 2022, the company achieved revenues of $1,022 million, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the same period; in the third quarter of 2022, it achieved a return net profit of $216 million, an increase of 2.4 per cent over the previous three quarters.
2. Middle Reported steady growth, second-quarter ring upgrades, new magma stations continue to break down, and the growth space continues to open.
According to data from the 7th National Census, the new slurry station has continued to break down and its growth is expected to continue. Since the beginning of the year, the company has planned new slurry stations in Gansu, Guizhou, Hubei and Jilin.
Significant progress has continued to be made during the “Five” period in the construction of new slurry stations; in addition, with the gradual commissioning of the company's new production capacity, it is expected that the slurry plant will continue to increase its efficiency in future tons of slurry with approval for slurry.
Three quarters, the company completed the related acquisition and replenishment of Xi's blood resources, holding 63.7% of Xi's shares in Xi's return days. Xi's return to Xi's location in Xi's province, where production resumed in 1996.
The company’s forward slurry space is to be expected. Zhao Bowoo’s magma station has not expanded as expected; the new open slurry station has led to an increase in capital spending and depreciation amortization; and the build-up of capacity.
Less than expected; industry policy risks; recurrent outbreaks, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment