q4 performance is over-expected, and the leader is strong. \triangleright \triangleright \
Rapid growth in energy markets, high growth in core business such as company photovoltaic reverses, storage systems, new energy investment development, further upgrading of brands and consolidation of industry leadership, while benefiting from the appreciation of foreign currency exchange rates in the last six months and falling shipping costs.
The performance of the 23q4 company exceeded expectations and, in terms of forecast midpoints, 23q4 companies are expected to realize a net return profit of 2577 million yuan, an increase of 68 per cent from the previous year, a 10 per cent decline in the ring, a net profit of 2,575 million won from the non-return to the mother, a high growth in the inverter business and a strong leader. Companies adhere to a global branding strategy with a deep focus.
There are over 370 service outlets around the world, and more than 150 countries worldwide are over-sale in inverter products.
And the company is focusing on research and development, continuously developing new products to improve the product matrix, and the high power group of inverters sg320hx, 1+x modular inverters are widely and deeply used in a variety of scenarios around the world; and the latest is research and development.
Jubaino's direct stream 2000v high-pressure inverter has been successful in generating electricity online at the Mondo Bay Photovoltaic Project in the Marlin. As the inverter's overseas channel stock continues to disappear, adding to the 24-year-old expectation of high demand for overseas light-loading machines, we're...
Wang, for example, expects the company's 24-year Reverser business to remain high.
\triangleright Research Assistant \triangleright powertitan 2.0 full liquid energy storage system with 314ah large capacity cores configured with embedded pcs,
For household storage, the company has launched the “1+-all-house green power solution” to take the lead in the industry in achieving a self-researched “light-filled cloud” system of product packages that can meet the larger load needs of households and achieve home-wide green power, which is already in place in Australia, Europe and Australia.
Distribution agreements are concluded in several distribution channels, such as the Americas. 23 years of continuous release in the European and American markets, companies have been able to store their energy. Three-quarters of the 2023 reporting point of Sunshine Power (300274.sz) are fast growing; 24 years of higher demand for overseas storage capacity markets, and we think the company can rely on its advantages.
Review: q3 performance exceeded expectations, energy storage & new energy investment development rapid release - 2023/10/29 achieve high growth in supply and income from storage energy operations.
Assessment: There has been a significant increase in profitability, with a combination of photovoltaic, storage and energy operations, with a net return to the mother profit of $98,40.12,038.1447 million, based on the January 22 closing price of the enterprise, across the two main high-stakes track, with a sustained improvement in performance expected to maintain a “recommended” rating.
23-year-old Quarterly Review: q1 over-expected performance, photoresilient resonance highlighting leader position - 2023/04/25 \triangleright
Sunshine Power (300274.sz) Quarterly Report 2022
Review: Reverse transformer taps are steadily developing and storage operations are expected to grow rapidly 2022/08/28 Research conclusions are drawn from methodological and analytical logic, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.