Sunshine Power (300274.sz): q4 camp ring 25 January 2024 Sunshine Power
The company ' s main products and operations are photovoltaic inverters, wind transformers, energy storage systems, new energy car-driven systems, water surface photovoltaic equipment, intelligent energy transport services, etc., which are domestic.
Reversers and storage can grow rapidly, with year-round performance exceeding expectations. Twenty-three years of pre-performance, with a higher net profit, the largest producer of photovoltaic reverse transformers. Year-round performance is over-expected. Corporate revenue is growing rapidly, largely thanks to the main PV and storage systems.
The net profits are growing faster than the harvest, mainly because of brand premiums, product creation, and major events for the next three to six months: new, scale effects and the impact of lower freight costs, exchange rate gains; and lithium carbonate prices have been held since this year.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: or representing the company’s continued growth in the volume of goods delivered in the fourth quarter, while q4 net reeds did not increase as fast as the harvest, or were largely affected by the appreciation of the renminbi in the fourth quarter and the increase in freight costs.
The growth rate is expected to slow in 24 years, but the corporate sector is well established. According to the UC consultancy, the neutrality of the global light voltage load is projected to be 474gw in 24 years, a 16% increase compared to the increase of 59% in 23 years, while the United States eia projects a new 44.7gw, 54.8gw light in 24 and 25 years, respectively.
Volvos, with a two-year compound growth rate of 28.9%, the United States market, where the company has the advantage, has a high rate of growth, which will help the firm to reverse its core product and to secure its position in the corporate industry. Consider the long-term growth of the company’s ownership.
Prominent electricity-conversion products, which now dominate the global market, are the channels, brands, product barriers that companies have established, which constitute competitive moats. 2) In a number of areas such as the company ' s dynamic energy storage system, wind currents and photovoltaic household products, synergies between the technology, channels, etc. accumulated by companies in the reverse transformer sector will be supported.
Research assistant: Wu Xingyang, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz): q4 battalion received a higher harvest than expected and performed over the year
The research assistant gives an overview of research areas such as Wu Xingyang.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported that Sunshine Power (300274.sz): q4 q4 has a higher harvest than expected throughout the year and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.