Annual performance forecast for 2023: surplus collection Sunshine Power (300274.sz)
Global Reversers have the leading technology. The company was the first in the world to deliver 77gw in 2022, ranking first in eight consecutive years, with products receiving a number of international certifications, such as tüv, and light storage.
In the field of photovoltaics, the company’s latest direct current 2000v high-pressure inverter was successful and web-based, with a global aggregate of 1+x modular inverters launched in 2022 exceeding 16gw. In the field of storage energy, the world’s first 10mwh-wide cold energy system was released in October 2023.
With technology and the growing brand power of companies, it is expected that the global energy transition will lead to a new surge in major businesses in 2024. Globalization plus code. Corporate plus-edged Euro-American, Australian channel markets, actively building global camps.
In January, a supply agreement was signed for the 814mwac photovoltaic project in Qatar; a 2.1gw inverter was provided for the Saudi aishuaibah project in May.
Solution, a new generation of Isolarcloud 500mwh distribution contract with Australia’s Solarjuicegroup, a 500mw distribution agreement with the Americas Sol+distribuidora, and a 2gw distribution agreement with Europe Menlo in June.
In 2019, the company worked with the top scientific research unit in the country, which specializes in pem electrolysis cells. The product currently has alkali hydrolysis.
In 2023, the largest synthetic ammonia project in the country announced the results of the tender, and the company's exclusive bid for the Uldos deep north photovoltaic hydrogen project was followed by the winning of the 12 alkaline hydropower tanks. The company's technology and project orders are now in the forefront of the industry.
Building a stronger pre-emptive advantage and promising the first round of industry’s dividends. Investment advice: companies act as a global photovoltaic reverse transformer, with a robust photo-store operation, and build up a new energy-driven vehicle system, new energy smart carriers, and hydrogen-energy companies.
The brand's strong, innovative research and development, a comprehensive globalization strategy and digitalization, and the global marketing, channel and service network layout of companies are leading and forming a large-scale advantage.
Extremely recommended bottom layout opportunities _0118 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Table: Financial statements and major financial ratios
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Complete investor suitability matching and fully understand the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers and are not offered as a sale, subscription to securities or other financial workers fair, but do not guarantee their accuracy or completeness.