The National Augmentation and Distribution Network, which promotes distributional light-voltaic American reserves, is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
In his 2024 report on the work of the Government, Lee Heung-seung said: " Strengthening the construction of large wind and light-voltage bases and evacuation corridors, promoting the development and use of distributed energy sources and developing new storage capacities. " On 5 March 2024, at the second meeting of the 14th National People ' s Congress, Premier Li Qiang of the State Council issued a report on the work of the Government.
Strengthening the development of large wind and light-voltage bases and outlet corridors, promoting the development of distributed energy sources, the development of new types of storage, the promotion of green power use and international mutual recognition, and the use of coal and coal as substrates to ensure the demand for energy for economic and social development.
The demand for new energy-related industries, such as source car chargers and new storage energy, will continue to grow at a higher rate, and the company will continue to benefit from the industry landscape by focusing on new energy cores, such as the wind storage hydrogen poles; and 2) there will be delays in the installation of aircraft in the United States storage market in 2023, which is expected to carry forward the energy revolution in the country and accelerate the construction of new energy systems, and demand in the new energy sector is expected to continue to grow.
In 2024, the Government reported on the strengthening of large wind and light-voltage bases and outlet corridors, the promotion of distributed energy development and the development of new storage capacities. On 5 March 2024, at the second meeting of the 14th National People’s Congress, Premier Li Qiang of the State Council issued a report on the work of the Government. The report noted that the strengthening of large wind and light-voltage bases and outlet corridors, the promotion of distributed energy development and the development of new storage capacities,
According to the Government’s report on the development of the new energy sector, we believe that wind and light voltage, electricity grid investment, new energy car chargers and new trillion dollars, and that the Southern grid is planned to invest about $670 billion in grids, bringing the combined total investment of the two major grid companies to $307 trillion.
Total investment increased by 8.8 per cent during the period of the Thirteen Five-Five (Thirteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-F-F-F-Five-Five-Five-F-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-F-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-F-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-F-Five-
On 1 March 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency issued guidance on high-quality development of power distribution networks in the new context, stating that by 2025, grid racks will be stronger and more clearly structured, with a reasonable capacity to supply them; grids will have significantly increased capacity and flexibility, with about 500gw distributed new energy sources and 12 million power-filling posts. We believe that in the future, the country will further build a new energy base.
The network of facilities, the promotion of smart transformation of grid infrastructure and the construction of smart microgrids, and the enhancement of grids’ ability to absorb, configure, and regulate clean energy sources are expected to sustain robust growth in grid investment. The global build-up of some 390gw, a 71.8% increase, is accompanied by a sustained and active push by countries around the globe to upgrade new energy sources.
In terms of energy structure, we expect that the global light-voltage build-up will reach 458,526.7.595gw in 2024-2026, and that the three-year capr will increase significantly for domestic storage, which will continue to grow. According to the cnesa data, the capacity of the new domestic storage capacity will be about 52.5 gwh in 2023, an increase of 215% in the same year. According to the Arctic Star Energy Network, the tender capacity of the domestic storage system will be 82.8 gwh in 2023.
Our 2024-2025 global storage capacity policy encouraged an upscaling rate and the demand for power-filled pillars grew rapidly. According to the China Charging Union, the number of domestic chargers in 2023 was approximately 3.39 million, an increase of 31%. On 29 February 2024, at the 12th Collective Learning Conference of the Central Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party, Xi Jinping General Secretary
Noting that “to adapt to the need for energy transformation, to build further new energy infrastructure networks, to accelerate the construction of a network of recharge infrastructure systems, and to support the rapid development of new energy vehicles”, we believe that the number of recharge posts is expected to grow rapidly, driven by a combination of policy support and real demand, and that efforts are being made to contribute to the development of new-quality productivity, with companies issuing programmes of action for “double qualitative returns”
The company focuses on new energy cores, such as the wind storage hydrogen poles, and works to contribute to the development of new-quality productivity. In the field of power generation, the company works on a market-driven approach to technological innovation as an engine for enterprise development, focusing on the development, production, marketing and services of new energy power sources, such as solar, wind, storage, hydrogen, electric vehicles, and vehicles. The main products are photovoltaic converters, wind transformers, energy storage systems, water surfaces.
The company is committed to innovation and research and development in the new energy track, and continues to contribute to the development of our new-quality productivity. The company recently launched the “Quality Gain Double Up” action program: 1) to achieve high-quality and sustainable development.
The business approach of dynamic innovation, global depth, digital acceleration, client achievement” is guided by a focus on strong ownership, sustained high R & D inputs, adherence to low-cost innovation, accelerated product rotation, and strong innovation in marketing, manufacturing and so forth, adherence to global depth and product coverage, as well as deep development in every segmented area, a determined push for digital change, accelerated digital transformation, and improved quality efficiency in smart operations; and, at the same time, companies.
Annual carbon neutrality at the operational level, carbon neutrality at the supply chain level in 2038 and zero net emissions at the supply chain in 2048. 2) Focusing on investor returns and serving shareholders. First, companies have given high priority to investor returns and have continued to deliver shares and cash dividends since they were listed, and accumulated cash dividends over the last five years have been no less than 10 per cent of the accumulated combined return net profit, and companies will continue to grow according to their location in the future.
The second is the implementation of buy-backs, the maintenance of a high volume of corporate savings, the maintenance of a strong market share for leading enterprises, the rapid growth of core business such as the company's photovoltaic reverses, storage systems, and the development of new energy investments.
71 billion yuan, 76-89 per cent more than the previous year, resulting in a net return of 9.3-10.3 billion yuan, or 159-187 per cent more than the same year.
According to the Cnesa Reserves Union, in 2023, the company was ranked first in the overseas market for storage energy pcs. According to incomplete statistics from the Cnesa Global Storage Energy Database, in 2023, the top 10 suppliers of Chinese storage power pcs ranked as: Sun Power, Cohua Digital Energy, South Swe, Sheng Hong, China's new energy sources, Costa Rica, Huats, Upper Power Electric, and High-City Electric and Chakatian Electrical and Intellectual Light Reserves.
In the domestic market in 2023, the top 10 suppliers of China’s storage capacity pcs were ranked as: Cohuas, Upper Power, Soying, Sheng Hong, Hsiao, Hsui, Chia Chai, Nan Swe, Yingbo, and Starfleet. In terms of equity incentives, the company issued a new equity incentive programme at the end of 2023. The company’s equity incentive was awarded to 518 people.
We estimate that in 2023, the company produced 120-140gw light-voltage transformers, and, considering the climate of domestic and overseas industries, focused on new energy nuclei, such as hydrogen stumps, we raised the company's volume and profit forecast.
Risks of price volatility of new energy raw materials, increased risk of competition in the new energy sector, and the risk of global “double carbon” policy changes. Sun Power (300274.sz) – semi-annual 2023 report pre-assessments – photo-storage operations continue to increase significantly, with two-quarter profitability rising significantly – Sun Power (300274.sz) – Global Leader of Reversers, Deep-Purcing Energy Races for Harvesting Period — 2023-03-28
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject