On December 29, the company issued an announcement that it intended to grant new materials through the creation of a fully-owned subsidiary.
The company limited its investment in the construction of the “Project for the Production of 200,000 tonnes of Lithium Batteries and Electrolyte Liquids per Year” in the Cheongqing IV Industrial Park in Guangdong Province. The total investment in the project was RMB 820 million, of which RMB 395 million was invested in construction, RMB 424 million was paved and the project was built over a 12-month period.
The company's main business is divided into lithium battery materials and solar and chemical speciality materials. The company is a domestic electric dehydrate tap company, which has previously expanded the production layout through an integrated industrial chain of “sulfuric acid-hydroxyfluoric acid-hydroxyfluoride-difluoride/dithium pentafluoride-VI-dithiophosphorate-dielectric fluids” through an extended chain, followed by a number of projects where additional capacity is expected to be released.
The profits will be further increased, with a “buy-in” rating. The main business market will be higher, and the expansion guarantee company will grow: the company's electrolyte business will be more and more, with 106,000 tons of electrolyte production, and 150,000 tons of electrolyte will be donated to test production in Xijiang in November this year.
The following production capacity will be released gradually, and the company will continue to enjoy the profits from the high industry climate; 22 tons of tons in 22 years, 100,000 tons in Xinyang, and 200,000 tons of electrolytic fluid production, announced this time. This will continue to strengthen the company’s leading position and guarantee its long-term growth.
The advantages of integration are clear and the taps are strong: the company ' s domestic electrolytic liquid taps not only possess the largest electrolytic liquid production capacity in the country, but also have electrolysis such as lithium hexafluoride, lithium bifluoride, lithium hexafluoride and lithium 90,000 tons of solid hexafluoride per year liquid, and planned and under construction liquid hexafluoride.
At the same time, in the case of the new lithium salt, the company pre-positioned two sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfonyl sulfate, which currently produces 2300 tonnes per year, followed by 20,000 additional capacity in South China and 30,000 additional capacity in the Qinjiang, expected in 2024.
The new lithium salt is better than lithium hexafluorate in battery performance, is a new direction for the future lithium salt, and the company has a leading position in technology and production. At the same time, the company has deployed a variety of electrolyte additives to integrate the entire industry chain.
Given the strong climate in the new energy sector, companies are building projects that are rich and growing.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.