Tri-quarter review of Tian Chi material (002709), 2021: event: 3-quarter annual report of 2021 released by Tian Chi material, $6,623 million collected in the first three quarters of 2021, Huang Xiuyu
q3 profit increases have increased, and the ring ratio continues to rise. The company’s revenue and net gains in the first three quarters have increased significantly, largely as a result of the strong demand in the market for lithium cell materials and the electrolyte product, with a much higher price of roe (ttm)
The demand for lithium cell electrolyte products remains strong. The company produces lithium battery materials with the highest price in December, mainly lithium cell electrolyte and solid material phosphate, and the demand for new downstream energy industries continues to grow.
December’s lowest price (in dollar terms). The global market for new energy vehicles continues to grow so high that the demand for lithium cells is boosted by the demand for lithium batteries, which then pulls the demand for raw materials, electrolyte and positive materials.
The growth in storage capacity and household storage capacity has also contributed significantly to the growth of the lithium-cell material industry. Companies now have more than 80% of the 5g, iron towers, and other storage markets for innovative products.
The production capacity of the key raw materials for electrolyte fluids and lithium phosphate through endogenous construction and expansive investment provides the two main advantages of vertically stable supply of the industrial chain and horizontal business synergies. Core raw materials for the company’s own main products include lithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt, additives, iron phosphate and iron phosphate.
Lithium quarries, etc., thus gaining a competitive cost advantage. The company intends to invest in a project to recover 300,000 tons of electrolyte and 100,000 tons of lithium batteries per year through the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary, with a construction cycle of 18 months, which is expected to yield an average annual revenue of 8,691 million yuan after delivery, representing a net annual gain of 542 million yuan.
Investment advice: maintain a recommended rating. The company’s share of the market for electrolysis fluids remains ahead of schedule, with long-term supply agreements with strategic customers such as Ningde, lig chemistry, etc.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.