China's Senghua: Integration strategy is a solid foundation for profit, the industry is a leader, and it's a long-term value story: on March 21, 2025, China's Senghua published its annual report, and in 2024 the company became operational.
\Trangleright \triangleright
Billions of tons, +2.1 per cent; combined sales price 578 yuan/tonne, a decrease of 3.3 per cent in the same year, of which 491/705,627/285 ton/t were sold directly by the annual ACLU/monthly ACMM/ spot/tonne, equal to the same amount. In addition to an increase of 26.5 per cent in labour costs to $47.3 ton per year, raw materials were produced in addition to an increase in labour costs of 26.5 per cent to 47.3 ton per year.
In 2024, when the market price of coal fluctuated, the company achieved a 40.5% rate of self-produced coal, a decrease of 2.1 pct and a more stable profit from coal operations.
The average coal-fired purchase price fell: the aircraft used an average of 4960 hours. Same-time decrease. Transport and Coalification plates: the profits of the transport plates increased and the profits of the chemical plates decreased as a result of the decline in sales of the plates Transport plates: 312.1 billion tons of railway turnover in the company's railway branch in 2024, compared to the same ratio
+0.9 per cent; Māori rate of 37.8 per cent; Māori ratio of +0.8 per cent; gross profit achieved of $12.562 billion, compared with Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. + 13.8 per cent; Port branch of the port achieved shipping capacity of 214.4 million tons, compared with 2.3 per cent; Tianjin Coal Code
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd shiploaded 44 million tons, or 3.9 per cent of the year; Māori 40.7 per cent, or 3.7 pct, realized in Lei.
Gross lubricant amounted to 2,122 million yuan, compared to -7.8 per cent, for shipping cargo of 129.9 million tons in the shipping division, compared to 15.0 per cent in the Golden House b; 149.4 billion tons in shipping turnover, compared to 9.3 per cent in the same year; and 10.8 per cent in the Māori sector.
Coalification plates: 33.22 million tonnes of polyethylene sold by the company, influenced by equipment repairs, i.e. - 8.8%; 31.36 million tonnes of polypropene sold, i.e. - 8.2%; Māori rate of 5.8% achieved by the company ' s coalification plate, and the supply of coal resources to the main industry increased in 2024.
\triangleright, New Street 1 and New Street 2 are approved by the National Development Reform Commission to proceed in an orderly manner with the construction preparations.
In addition, the company has made progress in the acquisition of Hangjin energy.
The transaction involved 3,841 million tonnes of coal retention (assessed use calibre) and 2,087 million tonnes of recoverable (assessed use calibre) respectively, accounting for 11.40% and 13.59% of the resources retained and available in China at the end of June 2024.
With the completion of the deal, China will increase its coal production capacity by a total of 25.7 million tonnes/year (including 10 million tonnes in construction capacity).
The company’s revenue and profitability from the postnatal period of 2029 will be significantly increased. In-depth promotion of the integrated distribution of coal power, there will be steady growth in the power generation operations.
\triangleright 210.28 billion kilowatt-hours, or 2.1% of the total public electricity consumption of 9852.1 billion kilowatt-hours during the same period, of which 20.520 billion kilowatt-hours were traded on the market, representing the proportion of total electricity sold
This represents a 2.7 per cent decrease in the number of domestic coal units eligible for capacity charges, accounting for about 94 per cent of the total number of coal units in the group, and about 5 billion yuan (including taxes) in 2024. In addition, the company has taken a step forward in the areas of Xijiang II, North Sea II, China II, etc.
Construction of a project, with high standards for the construction of a three-stage, three-stage, three-stage, and so on. Deepening of the coal power plant “three-stage connection” and completion of the heating and renovation of the final power plant, including the East Power plant, with a total of six units and an additional 9.62 kilowatts of heating capacity: completion of the adaptation of nine plants, including the Kojiang electric power plant, with a total of nine units.
An additional 740,000 kilowatts (kWh) of upscaling capacity; a total of 21 units of power plants, such as Taiwan Power, have been completed, a decrease of 2.0 g/kWh in the same year.
\triangleright Supplemental Program Bulletin, where the company distributes to all shareholders an end-of-year dividend of 2.26 RMB in 2024. Profit projection and investment rating: looking at the market, we consider the power coal price adjustment to be a light season cut
\triangleright changes normal, while the demand for coal is still strongly supported by the price of the Association in 2025, and market prices are temporarily not subject to unilateral downward conditions, either as macroeconomic warming or as support for the price of coal.
All right. At the same time, it is expected that the entire community will continue to grow, supporting a steady increase in profitability.
Uncertainty in the policies of the carbon and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr. Zhoming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geological Minerals and Economic Society, expert bank member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee, formerly a coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzie, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, former Minister of Investment and Industry, Second Sub-Investment Group, and Deputy Director of Coal Mines, who worked in coal mines for many years and worked in coal production technology, coal mining projects, investment and management. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, working in coal, steel and the upper and lower fields.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of China's Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060: completion of the study on “Cultural carbon peaks in petrochemical industries and implementation pathways” and participated in the planning of the oil and gas industry in China's ministries and the construction of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Programme, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin, University of Texas, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in virtual power plant applications, joined the CSSP in June 2022, in electricity sector research, and in July 2022, Wu Bering, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the CSPR in public sector environmental research.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong. Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specified customers mentioned above and is not intended to be published to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable by credit instruments, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are observations and judgements only as at the date of issuance of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of the letter-of-assist.