In China, China's Dynasty published a 2024 report: the company achieved total operating income of RMB 338,375 million.
Investment rating: Increase in (maintain) corporate coal sales steadily increase, with a slight decrease in the home-grown coal Maori rate. In terms of volume, the company achieved 327 million tons of commercial coal production in 2024, an increase of 0.8 per cent compared to the previous year; coal sales
The sales volume was 459 million tons, representing an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year, of which 327 million tons, or 0.5 per cent in the same year; 132 million tons, or 6.2 per cent, in the same year, in the case of foreign sales of coal, the cost of production per unit of production was 179 yuan in 2024, or the same amount;
In 2024, the company generated a total of 46,264 megawatts, of which 43,184 megawatts were installed in coal-fired generators, representing about 3.6 per cent of the national capacity of 1,190 million kilowatts.
(a) A total of 1.630 MW, of which a significant increase in gas and photovoltaic power loads is observed, and the cogeneration of gas heat and electricity in Huehuezhou II, the National Energy (External) Clean Energy Company Limited gas distributed energy machines are formed and delivered, with a total additional installed capacity of 1,244 MW;
Photovoltaic power stations in Jiangxi, Guangdong, etc., have been delivered and are operating commercially outside the country, with new installed airframes that account for the net profits of the company ' s shareholders in China ' s 2024 accounting standards, which are distributed in cash for no less than the profits of the company ' s shareholders in the year in question.
Mid-term profit distribution takes into account the company’s operations, financial needs, etc.
It has reached $491,935 million (including taxes) with a red scale and continuity at the forefront of the industry.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies have a wealth of resources, sound operations, long-term \triangleright industries, electricity and energy as comparable companies, and China has higher valuations as industry leaders than industry leaders
\triangleright is able to move smoothly to production, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, significant fluctuations in international coal prices, and lead to data.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.