Shin Yishan's evidence brings the sky to the sky, and China's power coals (601088.sh)
The transport plate partially compensates for the fall in coal prices.
The non-coal industry partially compensated for the decline in coal prices and performed as expected.
Highest/lowest in the year: Coal production, sales and sales increase, with a small drop in the price. Companies produced 327.1 million tons of coal \triangleright in 2024.
The average price of coal is $564 per ton (from coal - 3.8 per cent). The annual price-fixing mechanism for coal sales accounts for 53.6 per cent, 33.7 per cent and 7.9 per cent, respectively, for a decrease of 5.1 per cent in the share of goods sold relative to market fluctuations in coal.
The main reason for this is that, in terms of cost, the cost per ton of coal unit sales was 393 yuan per ton, or 0.6 per cent, of which: self-produced coal was 292 yuan per ton, or 0.1 per cent per ton; and the cost of offshore coal was 641 yuan per ton, or 3.3 per cent, before the combined cost was offset by a 30 per cent ton ton ton sales, or 2.0 pct reduction in the coal division.
The average price of electricity sold was 403 kWh/mw, or -2.7 per cent (of which 401 kW/mW for coal-fired power generation, and the same rate of Liu Guo army).
Coal-fired power generation facilities at 6,000 kW and more power plants nationwide averaged 402 hours higher. By the end of 2024, the company installed 46264 MW of the total coal-fired unit, comprising 43184 MW or 76.3 per cent; photovoltaic power, 366 MW or 22.5 per cent; coal-fired power generation, 20 MW or 12.5 per cent
The overall growth in the performance of the transport branch and the decline in the performance of the coal division as a result of the overhaul. The increase in the sale of coal by companies and the increase in freight in the saloon region brought together in 2024 a total of 31,211 billion tons of rail transport, or 9.3 per cent, to offset the combined total profit achieved by the former railways, ports and shipping, respectively.
For the industrial sector, due to the planned overhaul of production equipment, sales of polyethylene and polypropylene by the company declined by 8.8 per cent and 8.2 per cent in 2024, respectively, which together offset the total profits of the former coal-chemical division by 37 million yuan (80.5 per cent), but the impact on the company ' s overall performance was small.
The company undertakes to distribute profits in cash for the past three years for a period of not less than 65% of the net profit that the company would have earned from its shareholders for the year in question, and to consider implementing a medium-term profit distribution.
Given the high share of the company's coal masters and the superior layout of the power plant, it is expected that the company's business performance will continue to be robust, that the dividends rate will remain attractive and that the market value management of the company will help to boost the company's valuation and maintain the company's “buy-a” investment rating.
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are higher than expected downside risks; production-generation risks; \triangleright electricity demand is insufficient, railways and shipping costs increase, among others.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.