Coal and coal mining, non-financial companies' review reports, continued to look at long-term properties with steady performance in the fourth quarter.
Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Events: Companies issue a performance forecast for 2024.
Liu Xiaoning expects a significant reduction in off-the-shelf expenditure compared to the company ' s projected non-performance and final performance, and the impairment of assets is still being accounted for. As the impairment loss of assets is defined as the present value of future cash flows of assets that is less than the current book value, it is related to business activities and
The company is expected to return to its parent in 2024 with a net out-of-service income of about $1.5 billion, compared to about $600 million recognized in the previous three quarters.
In the previous three quarters, the prices of corporate coal sales were generally stable, with the overall performance expected to be stable in four quarters, taking into account the high proportion of the association’s president. The announcement of shareholder returns planning for 2025-2027 was issued, raising the lower limit of the commitments and increasing the coherence of the interests of large and large shareholders.
The company recently issued a public announcement stating that the annual cash-distribution of profits for the period 2025-2027 would not be less than the real impact of that year. But the commitment to raise the lower distribution limit would help to reduce the concerns of small shareholders about the coherence of the interests of large and small shareholders.
The transaction involves 3,841 million tons of coal resources (assessed for profit, caliber) and 2,087 million tons of recoverable reserves. When the transaction is completed, the company’s coal production capacity will increase by a total of 25.7 million tons/year net profit from non-repatriation is accumulated at no less than 383 million yuan.
The value of non-permanent assets is, in our view, extremely sensitive to the length of a long period, and the company's resistance to fluctuations in overall demand in the coal industry is much higher than the industry's average, both in terms of physical fundamentals and in terms of financial statements. The market does not adequately price the company's long-term attributes and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.