The company is located in the village of almonds in Shanxi Province, and has three Chinese brands: "Silva", "Apricot Village" and "Sing-ye-yeon" and "Sing",
In 2017, the company started the path of reform of state companies. By the end of 2019, the Shanxi State Finance Committee was the firm's real control, holding 58.14% of the shares, and the Huatuan Swe, under the flag of the Hua-Yung Group, had a perfect initial closing of the state company reform in 2017-2019.
Externally, the environment and internal dynamics: after 2016, the white wine industry moved into a period of peaking, squeezing growth. As a leader in the white wine industry’s long-term trend of high-end, branding, niches, etc.
The product layout: The product strategy for the wine has been focused in recent years. The saffron series has been placed at the top of the product line, using high-strength strategies and deep core terminals, focusing on quality, culture, and historical core strengths.
To strengthen the brand image of high-end products; to be stable, to occupy low-end prices, to become the main product of the market for light bottled wine, and to plan for a fast-track national market layout in the future, with an effort to increase market ownership. In addition, the Bamboo Youth Department, as a health-care brand, has a health concept that caters to the current demand for good alcohol and healthy consumption, a company in 2020.
Chen Jinzhi, the launch of the Bamboo Youth Nationalized Layout will contribute to the direct growth of corporate performance and provide support for the expansion of the national market for rum brands, channels and marketing mechanisms: brand ends, wine has a hundred-year-old history, mainly “culture” brands, and combs high ends.
At the end of the channel, “13313” markets have been marketed since 19; the provincial market has grown rapidly and has grown benignly; the provincial market has focused on priority markets, opening up the Yangtze; the new growth pole south of the Yangtze River, with $5.96 billion, or nearly 50% of the total, in 19 out-of-town revenues.
In 2017, the company began the process of reforming the marketing system of publicly owned enterprises by introducing a market-based management model based on a contract, thereby stimulating internal dynamism and dynamism.
Shanxi Liquor: The first three quarters have achieved high performance and year-round growth in business efficiency and effectiveness. In the future, companies will strengthen the “one top three” brand integrated business model, applying the market-based management model to brands and contributing to the recovery path.
Shanxi Liquor: performance growth in the first half of the year is consistent with expectations. Shanxi Liquor: product structure upgrades are steadily moving toward a good company. Shanxi Liquor: performance growth is up to expectations, expanding out of the country.
The Department's 21-year average value of pe is 53x, taking into account the sub-high-end white wine and high-growth company premium, is valued by the Department for 21-year pe85x and is rated as “buy-a-a.” Industry growth is not as high as expected; the company focuses on the Qinghua series, the Qinghua series in the event of increased competition at the sub-high-end price
(a) There are less than expected risks to revenue; the company's nationalization process is advancing and the market outside the province is not expanding as expected;
The company is located in the village of almonds in Shanxi Province, and has three Chinese brands, the "Choi", the "Apricot Village" and the "Camabaki" brand, published in 2020 in China's 500 most valuable brands, with a brand value of 42,723 million yuan. The wine is a typical representative of the white wine of our country, known for its import, sweetness, taste and taste, and has a high profile, both at home and abroad.
From the north to the south, the wine was recorded as the court wine in its 24th history; the late Tang poet Do-sheng's "Where's the wine?" made the wine famous again: 1915, at the Mandarin Fair in Panama.
Upon winning such medals as the Chinese White Wine brand A, the Chinese wine was celebrated both within and outside the country; after the establishment of the new China, five national wines were held, five national wines were selected as Chinese brand products, and three Chinese wines were awarded the country ' s (i) main white wine-like classification and wine-making process.
White wine is one of the world's eight most important distilled wines, and it is unique to China as a distilled wine that is colorless (or micro-yellow) and transparent, smells pure and sweet, and has a high alcohol content. White wine is made of sorghum, wheat, corn, and so on.
The white wines in China are classified by fragrance, and there are twelve large fragrances, of which the fragrances are four basic fragrances, while the eight fragrances, the fragrances, the fragrances, the sesame, the fragrance, the fragrance, the fragrances, the fragrance, the fragrance, the fragrance, the fragrance, the fragrance, are one or more of the four basic fragrances.
They grow fragrances, unique fragrances derived from the process. Different fragrances of white wine exhibit different style features, and different fragrances of tactile techniques and geography, among other factors. Chinese white wine displays hundreds of flowers, each of which has style features, and wine is one of the four main fragrances, typical of the salami type.
Figure 1: Chart of the relationship between the 12 fragrances of white wine. Table 1: Four basic fragrances and processes.
The wine is based on the sorghum produced in the Jindang Plain. The barley, peas, etc. are used as a sugar-based fermentation agent, and the quality water from the wells and deep wells is taken for cooking water. The wine fermentation continues to follow the traditional old "cylinder" fermentation method. The brewing process is uniquely "distilled twice." The operational feature is a secondary fermentation method, whereby the evaporated raw material is buried first into the cistern.
The distillation, the distillation of the distilled wine, the fermentation of the distilled wine, the distillation of the distilled wine, the combination of two distilled wines with the finished wines.
It is typical of white wine, so it is commonly known as the "twilight" type. (ii) The wine goes back to the north and the south, where it is produced. According to the North Qi book, the North Qi Qi was given to him in Jinyang.
In his handwriting, King Xiaoyu, the nephew of the river, said, "I drink two cups of wine, and I urge you to drink two cups of wine." The "Apricot's" wine factory was built in 1951 on the basis of the original apricot village and was expanded every year to become one of the largest white wine factories in the country. In 1988, the production of rum fell by 10 million tons, accounting for half of the country's 13 white wine products, and since then, it has been the first in six years in a row in the white industry.
In December 1993, the Yamasaka Village Liquor Company (the group) formed the Yamasaki Village Liquor Co. Ltd., which was publicly marketed as the country’s leading white wine company. After that, the wine industry has developed, respectively: 1) 1994-2001: the strategy has shifted to the famous wine for the sake of the people, which has been added to the list.
(b) 2002-2007: good internal and external environment and a return to rapid growth; (c) 2008-2012: recovery of growth period after restructuring; (d) 2013-2015: restriction of consumption by the three publics and the entry of wine into the industry.