Resource and Environmental Research Centre Recovering robust growth in business volume, looking forward to cost-end efficiency gains
RMB, 18.5 per cent increase; RMB 1.2 billion gain, 21.5 per cent increase.q3 quarter revenues of RMB 6.557 billion/+40.82 per cent decrease of 6.1 pcts compared to h1. Effective cost management and government subsidies increased, resulting in an improvement in the rate of NCR deductions.
(+3.2 pcts). The first half of the year, the company and the International Fund for the Advancement of Women resulted in an increase of 44.7% in the first three quarters. q3 received $6.56 billion/+40.8% in the first quarter, a decrease of 6.1 pcts in the h1 ratio, and a net return of 3.2 pcts in the second quarter.
After cutting the international balance sheet, the corporate q3 net profit increased by the same 21%. 2. " Business growth and single Maori have declined, war q3 business has increased slightly, and the effective complaint rate has declined significantly.
44.44 billion pieces/+29.92% were higher than the industry ' s average growth rate of 3.1 pct, but this was due to the increase in the volume of business in September. The company has made significant progress in the quality of its services, with the rate of effective complaints falling from 6.87/million at the beginning of the year to 8. The improvement in the quality of services is due to the increase in the number of vehicles transported by the main line and the increase in the amount of computerized water.
4. Improved business process controls, as well as continued improvement of relations with allied firms and optimization of end-of-the-art benefits, have resulted in a significant decrease in currency cash (-40 per cent) as a result of the upgrading of the hub.
Division q3 cash and cash equivalents are 3.2 billion yuan/- 40%. The increase in the size of the fleet of 10 hub trans-shipment centres. Since the beginning of the year, companies have made significant efforts to increase the number of their main-line transport vehicles, strengthen transit centres, automate construction and trans-shipment centres, and widen barriers to air transport.
After that, cost optimization and improved quality of services became evident, and a round of operations of the 2016-2017 centre was brought to the fore and strategic adjustments were made to improve cost management in the future.
The electricity suppliers are growing at a slower rate than expected, the conglomerates are unstable, there is a large price war, the relevant report rating ratios are analysed in the market, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.