Yin Yamada, who took advantage of the winds of the times, the landmark Ningde, 28th of June 2022.
For five years in a row, according to the top of the global battery loading list, the number of cars loaded over the 21-year period was 96.7gwh, with a 32.6 per cent turnover.
The main market demand for power + storage + two wheels is strong. I \triangleright predicts that by 2025, total domestic and global battery use will be 1006gwhh and 1966gwhh, respectively.
Dom Young-kang, with a strong growth curve, core competitiveness remains intact. \triangleright \triangleright \
(a) Core technical dimension: possession of mp3 nodes, aluminium composite fluids, sodium ion batteries, solid electrolysis of sulphides, third-generation ctp technology - Research assistant: Li Kyung-po
The accumulation of argon batteries, non-heatless diffusion technologies and related technologies in the field of power switching, with technology at an iterative rate, continues to lead the market. 2) Product quality control level: company power cell recall rates are 0.4 per cent in 17-21 years, well below 10 per cent in other comparable companies, and yield good product quality.
(ii) Supply chain: development of a supplier management system for “core chain participation + two strategies + strict supplier control” to achieve full production
(c) Downstream clients: cover a large number of well-known domestic and international car companies and best-selling vehicles, with about 54% of the vehicle type attached to the power cell. Storage capacity + recycling, multi-point layout, full release: 1) Storage capacity: achieves “power side + grid side + power use”
The three-sided storage area is fully covered. In 21 years, 13,624 million yuan was collected, maintaining a growth rate of more than 200 per cent over the last four years. 2) Battery recovery: in the area of corporate card cell recovery, a fully-funded subsidiary, State, built up a “one nuclear two-wing” industrial layout. As of February 2022, Bumpsali had achieved a lithium recovery.
With a recovery rate of more than 90%, battery recovery of more than 99.3% of the key metals. Step-by-step market, an accelerated pace of expansion of capacity, and a strong market niche, we maintain a “recommended” rating.
Risks from the development of new technologies; increased risk from competition in the market.1 Genes of science, technology and innovation, with new energy sectors shaped into big players 1.1 Development journey: the road is blue, and Djoll is not the same.
The company is a leading global power cell industry, committed to providing first-rate solutions and services for new global energy applications. The founding team started atl in 1999 and then became a global leader in lithium battery consumption. The company was originally an atl power cell sector, 2011.
In 2012, strategic collaboration with the BMW Group became the core supplier of its power cells. In 2015, Bump was acquired in the area of layout recovery. In 2018, the results of the deep-seated campaign were marketed. So far, according to Sne, the company has a single global power cell load for five consecutive years.
Figure 1: Corporate development process 1.2 Equity structure: secure cores, boost backbones, Heiner's whole product, deep binding core founders. As of 2022 q1, the company actually controls the Quantities and Li Ping.
(b) The three core founders of the former Qing Gang Chairman, Vice-President Lee Ping and Vice-President Huang Shi Shuang hold 24.43 per cent, 4.80 per cent and 11.15 per cent of the corporate shares, which together amount to 40.38 per cent, with relative concentration and deep binding.
Equity incentive schemes, which boost the backbone of the workforce. The company’s equity options and restrictive stock incentives scheme, implemented in 2021, could further improve corporate corporate governance structures, create and complete long-term incentives, and effectively enhance core team cohesion and the motivation and creativity of the workforce to fully mobilize its cadres.
Target price awarded: The company ' s equity incentive scheme for 2021 is known, with a total of 4,483 persons awarded incentives for the first time, including middle-level managers and core cadres working in companies (including subsidiaries). Quantity awarded for the first time: 1,988,000 stock options, 1.85 million restricted stock shares; prices and limits of stock options
Granting of conditions: The 21-year equity incentive scheme imposes corresponding requirements on the company and the individual person to whom the incentive is directed, in which the company ' s performance is required to: stock options incentive schemes//restrictive stock incentive schemes all have a clear division of labour between the controlling subsidiary and achieve full chain coverage. The company is already in Germany, France, the United States, Japan, plus.
A fully-owned subsidiary is set up for the strategic layout of globalization, and the entire chain of production is distributed through acquisitions or equity participations. It covers the entire industry from upstream mineral resources, upstream raw material dealers to downstream car enterprises, from power cell to storage, recycling, etc. The power cell area already covers 17 companies, with most holding shares.
Over 50 per cent; four companies in the field of storage energy with an equity share of more than 40 per cent; upstream layout, upstream mineral resources: four companies with direct holdings and upstream lithium, nickel and other resource layout through 100 per cent of the Canadian-era stock held by fully-owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong; upstream raw material and recycling operations: 6 households with direct holdings
Division, of which the company battery recovery operations are largely dependent on Guangdong Bump, a subsidiary with a 52.9 per cent shareholding ratio. 1.3 Core team: innovation, fuel fires, followed by 1.3.1 management with diverse backgrounds, technology development and strategic management
Technology R & D: A large number of executives and R & D personnel are from the former atl power cell sector, and have the knowledge that President Wong Shih-hyeong has been Director General of New Energy Research and Development in Ningde; Deputy General Manager Wu Kai has been Director of Research and Development of the New Magnetic Power Plant in Dong-jung and Director of Research and Development in Dong-jung New Energy Technology Ltd. The rest have also been involved in the new energy and battery industry.
(b) A strong managerial knowledge of the industry and solid technical experience to add to the core technological development of the company.In terms of the strategic landscape: top management teams with high-quality management and strategic consultants, in addition to high-quality talent from relevant new energy and battery industry backgrounds.
Mr. Zhou Jia, General Manager, served as Adviser on Bann’s Advisory Strategy: Mr. Jiang Jian and Mr. Zheng Shu, Deputy General Manager, were in the position of Managing Director of the Investment Banking Department of the Securities Corporation and the New Energy Corporation, respectively. The core technical and managerial development talent strengths of the team are complementary and mutually reinforcing.
A strong management team with strong skills and a strong foundation and a growing corporate capacity. 1.3.2 Founder of the World's Lithium Electorate, a young man with a big head start. In 1989, he graduated from Shanghai Transport University and resigned from his assigned state enterprise.
In 1999, he worked with Chen Changhua and the new business company, Chang-kang, who had been working for more than 10 years as a technician, became the youngest engineering director in Sae at 31 years of age.
It is believed that mobile electronic communication equipment will become the mainstream area of the future market and that lightly and secure lithium polymer batteries can grow in space. After a review, it was decided to start a joint business and to establish an atl company in Hong Kong, the first plant being located in Dongjung, the new energy electronics and technology company.
At the start of the process, the company had difficulty running its capital and the industry had an unusual level of competition. He led a team to start a technological breakthrough. The team took the lead in introducing the polymer lithium cell patent technology from the Bell Laboratory, supported by its own technical team.
In the meantime, atl became a company that had rarely succeeded in producing the technology. With hard technology, it moved into the apple supply chain. In 2003, Apple promoted a new generation of ipods.
It is hoped that atl will supply a customized high-performance battery with the advantage of special forms of placement in the product, high capacity, continuity, and high safety performance. The company successfully cuts into the apple supply chain by bringing together more than a million supply battery orders.
In 2011, the country’s new energy vehicle subsidy policy was met with a rapid expansion of domestic power cell demand. Mr. Xiao Xuan, by way of equity transfer, will be in 2008.
For the first time in the year, the global power cell load was in Top1, using only six years, from capital-related markets at the beginning of 2018 to market value of trillions, which took less than three years. 1.4 Product layout: first-class solutions, enabling green development
The company ' s main products include power cell systems, storage systems, and lithium battery materials. The power cell systems consist of cores, modules and battery packages, with the product dominated by square cells; the energy storage systems consist of cores, modules, electric boxes and battery cabinets, with lithium phosphate as the main positive material, with square batteries as the main material; and the lithium battery material passed through.
Bump, a subsidiary, operates the production of valuable metals such as nickel cobalt manganese in used lithium ion batteries through processing, refining, synthesizing, etc., to produce a three-dollar pre-drill of lithium ion battery material (cobalt manganese hydroxide), thereby enabling the recycling of the nickel cobalt manganese resources in the battery industry.
1.5 Financial analysis: Beneath efficiency gains, emphasis on R & D. The growth rate is small, the most volatile in foil technology, the high growth rate in corporate growth in 2021, and the change in performance under 2022q1 is significantly smaller than in other comparable companies, and is highly profitable.
In 20 years, with the impact of the epidemic, companies have been flexible in responding to market and industry changes and have been active in sustaining their profitability, leading to a 21-year Māori net interest rate still at the forefront of the industry.
In terms of Māori sales, companies were at the top of the industry during the reporting period. The Māori rate for companies in 21 years was 26.28 per cent, and 4.06 per cent, with a more stable volatility than for other comparable companies, and was in the forefront of the industry.
From 17 to 22 years q1, the overall cost situation is known, and millions of dollars are studied. In terms of the magnitude of the changes, the decrease in management costs is most pronounced, and there is an increase in cost control capacity;
As the scale of production operations continues to expand, the competitive advantages of the Division in supply chain management, cost control, market expansion, technology rotation, and customer services will become apparent. Compared to comparable firms, company-long rates are at industry averages.
Focus on building R & D systems and strengthening core competitiveness. To maintain a technological lead, companies will continue to scale up R & D in the future, as reflected in the size of the R & D team and the layout of the R & D field. According to the latest data, the number of R & D staff in the company as at 31 December 2021 was as high as 10079, representing the total number of employees.
The research and development team is a very large team: an elite teacher. In total, both the research and development staff and the number of authorized patents are higher than comparable companies.
The number of German-era R & D technicians has reached 10079, an increase of 4,487 over the figure of 5,592 in 2020; the total number of Chinese R & D/F is 35,98 and 1,160, respectively, and the total number of R & D personnel in companies is significantly higher than the average for companies listed in the same industry; from the total number of authorized patents by the end of 2021, it is clear that the company and its sons
The R & D field is well ahead of schedule and covers a wide range of areas, adhering to the three concepts of material innovation, product innovation and smart innovation, with the corporate focus on R & D covering materials, product R & D, engineering design, test analysis, intelligent manufacturing, information systems and project management.
In the field, and consistent with its safety-based approach, it focuses on the relative energy, power-to-power, life-cycle and other performance and cost advantages of products and services. In the light of revolutionary battery technology innovations, reliance on fossil energy is reduced. 2 Industry analysis: strong demand for power, global supply support, market power.
2.1 Needs: Wind surges, global mainstream macro-appointment 2.1.1 on the Rise Day, power batteries versus the times Projected power cell loads: We expect to have access rates by 2025, based on ggii,
Assuming a 36 per cent penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the country and a 25 per cent global penetration rate; on the sales side, based on a projection of new energy vehicles penetration rates, China will sell up to 1.07 million new energy vehicles and 2,356 million globally; on the loading volume, the domestic power cell load will reach 655gwh, with a high global power cell load.
2.1.2 The twh era is a long way to go in terms of new energy infrastructure and the future of the Blue Sea. As the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Implementation of the New Stockpiles has landed, the storage has grown so fast that it is unstoppable.
6.6.gwh growth by 4.39 times a year. We project a global storage market load of 416gwh in 2025. Figure 18: China ' s storage market load forecast (gwh) 2.1.3 surges in demand, with two-wheeled car lithium electrolysis impenetrable.
In terms of sales, according to ggii, it is expected to be 22.15 million vehicles in 2025; in terms of volume, it is estimated that it will be 9.7 per cent more than in 20 years, or 78 per cent more, than in the year 2025.
The volume will reach 35gwh, and the five-year capr will reach 29.26% in 20-25 years. From China and global total battery usage and acceleration projections, it is known that in 2021, total domestic battery use amounted to 257gwh at a similar rate of 83.4% and total global battery use amounted to 488gwh at an annual rate of 76.5%.
Together with the three main requirements of power cells, storage, and two-wheeler vehicles, we predict that by 2025, the total number of batteries in the country will have been supplied with 2.2: 100 tons of current, global power cell vendor plus code layout, and the demand for new energy policies will have symmetrically increased.
The total supply capacity in the sphere for 2021-2025 was 710 gwh, 1356 gwh, 2012 gwh, 2727 gwh, and 3372gwh, respectively. The Ningde period contributed 33.82%, 25.81%, 22.86%, 20.91% and 19.87% respectively.
2.3 Patterns: market dominance is paramount, the leader is hard to shake, and for five years in a row, the top of the list of global power cell loads. According to sne data, the total global aggregate capacity of power cell loads was 296.8 gwh in January-December 2021, an increase from 146.8 gwh in 2020.
In 21 years, the total load of the former Top10 was as high as 270.8gwh, with a cumulative market rate of 91.2 per cent, of which the Ningde era was at the top of the 20-21 year global power cell build-up list, well above the top2lg new energy source, and the Ningde 21-December 21 year global load of power cells was as high as 96.7gwh, an increase of the same year.
167.13 per cent of cities, up by 8 percentage points from 24.6 per cent in 20 years. The head effect is evident in the Feds.
By 2020, the concentration of the Chinese energy battery industry was known, with cr3/cr6/cr8, not as high as 67%, 75%, and 77%. Overall, the share of the storage energy battery market is concentrated in top firms, the city.
The field concentration is expected to increase further. 3 company analyses: technology step-by-step leading markets, strong engineering achievements, maximization of value
3.1 Technology is the blue sea of spear-swap technology 3.1.1m3p - upgrade of manganese phosphate lithium Current battery material system pain point: low chemical level of lithium phosphate (3.2 volts on voltage platform), existing
The capacity level has reached the limits of the actual level, and the compact density has reached the ceiling of the material. Ninderian-era solution: based on the first principle of the density-panel theory, precision is calculated through high flux calculations of the new blends (magnesium, nickel, thorium, silicon, etc.), embedded in the traditional material (Lithium manganese phosphorus) to realize the present.
A complete upgrading of materials has led to further upgrading of indicators such as work voltage, energy density, and the rejuvenation of traditional materials. m3p positive material is based on traditional phosphate-manganese potassium structures, which are used for the mixing of chemical elements, with lower costs than traditional trinity, better hypothermia, higher voltage platforms, and higher energy density than traditional phosphate lithium.
The positive material is higher, a completely new positive material between the three parts of phosphate lithium and high nickel.The phosphate lithium machine: limpo4(m=fe, mn, co, ni and v) phosphate in olive rock structures such as limpo4 (m=fe, mn, co, ni and v) has positive and extreme thermal stability, structural stability and low cost, short plate ion migration and low conductivity.
limnpo4 has a higher level of oxidation than lifepo4, about 4.1v, which, at the same level of energy, combines the excellent electrochemical properties of lifepo4 with the high levels of limnpo4. Patent progress: According to the company’s patent, the company is developing a composite type of positive material with a double-storey solution.
Anthropocene, the overall structure of which is “Orthodoxy Stream + First Platoon membrane + Second Pole membrane.” The first polar membrane: active material selects limnxmyfe1x-μmd1:21 mm for manganese phosphate lithium material mixed with metal elements.
Second extreme film: The active material selects lithium manganese, lithium-rich manganese, and one or more of the three-dimensional material with a thickness of d2 meets: 50 mmd2,200 m. The second positive mass of the gram is higher than the first, and the combination of the two types of material combines a positive ion of lithium.
The pool combines high energy density with good nail security features. 3.1.2 Aluminium composite fluids - a solid line of defense for short circuits in batteries.
The solution of the Ninder era: Multifunctional Complex Fluorescent Technologies. Lithium ion batteries are prone to fire and explosion due to short circuits within batteries during collisions, squeezes, punctures, etc.
Road protection technology makes it difficult to reconcile cell energy density and lifetime bottlenecks. Material structure: A composite stream is a sandwich structure with a "metal layer - High Molecular Concentrations - Metal Layers" from top to bottom, with a wide variety of intermediate high molecular polymers, including polybenzoate subethyls, polymers, polymerics, etc.
Organics such as ammonium, polyethylene, aluminum metal selected for upper and lower metal layers, with an optimal thickness of 200-2000nm, and the method of import of metal layers is generally the real air deposition method.
High security: Through multiple couplings between the metal layer and the high molecular layer mechanical-electric-thermal performance, the core fluid function limits are broken. In short circuits within the "point contact" the conductor is separated by short-circuit or short-circuits, and large currents are melted in a flash, cutting short-circuit circuits within milliseconds; during short circuits within the "face contact" the support layer is short.
The road surface is shrunk by thermal melting into a local collapse of the confluorescent structure, cutting short circuit circuit circuits before the heat gets out of control. The industry has taken the lead in solving short circuit problems in high nickel batteries and certified through Rhinetüv. High ratio: the composite central layer uses lightly quantified high molecular material, with lower weight than pure metal streams.
50-80%. At the same time, a 25-40% reduction in the thickness of the composite aggregates compared to the industry ' s counterparts ' pure metal streams, from which more space in the batteries is given to the active substance and cell energy density is increased by 5-10%. Long-term life: integrated nano-linking and 3-D conductive repair technology, bringing the metal layer up to the high molecular layer.
A ten-fold rise while repairing the conductive decay of the surface of the metal layer induced by cracks can lead to a 15-year useful life. High molecular material has a low elastic modulus of metal, forming a layer of circular sponges around the active material layer of the battery, absorbing the expansion from the embedded lithium ion of the polar active material layer during battery recharge and discharge.
Stress reduction, preservation of the long-term integrity of the polar interface, and a 5% increase in the life cycle of the battery. Robust compatibility: A combination of fluids can be applied directly to various specifications, power cells of different systems, creating a new technology that meets the needs of platformed applications.
3.1.3 Sodium ion batteries - the new system opens up an incremental market The current pain point in the battery material system: the continuing price increase of raw materials for lithium ion batteries + the special performance of sodium ion batteries.
In July 2021, the company released the first generation of sodium ion batteries, key supporting materials, and has made a breakthrough, performed beyond expectations, and gained significant advantages in high cold and high power applications, with production expected to take place in 2023.
A volume of up to 160mah/g, corresponding to the existing lithium ion positive phosphate lithium, with a reloading of the structure of the material, solving the problem of decay of capacity during circulation; and, in the case of negative materials, the development of hard carbon materials capable of allowing sodium ion to travel freely and with a unique puncture structure, with a capacity of up to 350mah/g, and with current capacity of 350mah/g.
In the case of artificial graphite equivalents; in the case of electrolytic fluids, a new electrolytic system suitable for the above-mentioned material can be compatible with the current lithium ion battery manufacturing process and equipment.
160wh/kg, the current highest global level; excellent fast charge with 15 minutes of constant heat charge; more than 90% discharge retention rate in a low temperature environment of 20°C; system integration: the company uses the ab cell solution to use sodium ion and lithium ion cells in an innovative manner.
Proportional and arranged integration into the battery system and equal control of different battery systems using the bms algorithm, both to compensate for the short energy density of sodium ion cells and to take advantage of technological advances in sodium metal cells of the second generation in a low temperature and high power scenario.
According to the patent, the company is currently deployed free of sodium sodium metal batteries, with positive materials that can choose sodium transition metal oxygen, polyion ion compounds and Prussia blue compounds, and negatives only made up of aluminum confluorescent fluids. Sodium metal is based on principles similar to sodium ion batteries, and I work through sodium ions moving before the positive and negative poles.
The positive extremes are given in the case of na2v2(po4)3, sodium metal batteries reacting with: nah: na_2v_2(po_4) +nav_2(po_4)3+2e-negative: 2na+2e-2na
Thus, sodium metal batteries are charged, sodium ions are transferred from positive to negative atoms via electrolytic fluids, and sodium metal is formed by the deposition of aluminum fluids in the main fluids, and sodium metal loses electrons to sodium ion and returns to positive at the time of discharge.
P.cohn, Institute of Human Security, Sodium Metal Batteries Hard Point: After the first battery discharge, the initial withdrawal of the positive activity material from/into the sodium is not fully reversible and some sodium metal residues are negative at the poles and cannot be returned to the positive poles.
Inequalities in surfaces and high activity of sodium metal and electrolyte reaction, the uneven distribution of residual sodium in the surface of the central fluids increases the imbalance in sodium deposition during subsequent cycles, leading to the consumption of active sodium sodium and hence battery life. Patent solution: by installing metal oxide coatings on the surface of the negative aurogen, the company allows the first discharge of the charge to take place after battery life.
The sodium sodium residuals are large enough to form an even layer of sodium sink with a certain thickness on the surface of the central fluid to ensure the reversibility of electrical discharges during subsequent cycles.
Positive materials: Cymphoric technology, sodium ion positive material started a small test in 20 years, 21 years of experience in production of manganese pululu schöpötn-grade material; Xinhua new material: active layout sodium ion batteries positive at the end of the pole. Electrolyte: gifted materials, sodium ion cell platforms have been set up, with sodium ion electrolysis liquids as a priority for development
3.1.4 Solid-state batteries - steady in the first ladder of research and development Current pain spots in the battery material system: The instability of the electrolyte fluids and the amount of energy in the energy-added space for electrode materials The Ninder Age solution: The electrolyte technology of the sulphide solid. The solid-state electrolyte can be effective in preventing lithium branches from being caused by lithium branches.
Short circuits of batteries caused by crystal-piercing diaphragms and the ability to achieve a negative electrode structure of lithium metal, increasing the energy density to over 400wh/kq. The current dominant solid electrolyte selection consists of sulphide electrolytes, oxide electrolytes, polymer electrolytes, and, according to patents, the technology route currently chosen by the company is sulphide solid electrolyte, which is the type of electrolyte.
The main advantages of decomposition are high ion conductivity, simple process, low chemical stability and easy by-action to form h2s gases. Patent advances: corporate solid electrolysis of sulphides is obtained from li2s, p2s5 and mxs2o3, which are composited from li2s, p2s5 and mxs2o3.
, m from one or more of na, k, ba, and caa, which is a glass-coated glass-ceramic solid-state electrolyte with a high ion conductivity and electrochemical stability. On the other hand, by creating a double-storey solid-state electrolyte, the company mixes metal into the second layer of electrolysis.
(sn, al, in, mg, zn), both increasing the ion conductivity and increasing the mechanical performance of the electrolyte.
Current electric car pains: New-energy car long-range anxiety contradicts cost and charge speed. Ninder Age Solution: On June 23, 2022, the company officially launched the thorium battery ctp3.0 solution to address limousine anxiety, with the entire system being a platform core module, a platform-extensible electrical module, and a flexible one-size-fits-all.
Thermal management module, flexible extension box module, consists of four parts. The volume utilization rate is 72%, 17 pcts higher than ctp1.0, and the range is more than 1,000 km. The structure is highly optimized, the thorium batteries are seminally removed from the beams, water coolers and insulation pads, and three effects are combined.
Multifunctional elastic layers increase system integration efficiency; built-in micromechanical bridge connectors, in conjunction with a core breathing, are self-scaling, increasing the life cycle of the core; and, by simulation of simulations, distribute intelligently multiple functional modules (structural protection, high voltage connection, thermal out-of-control exhaust, etc.), share the bottom space, adding further 6 per cent of the energy space.
Figure 32: Insulation pads, water coolers, three-way beams combined, Figure 33: Shared bottom space for functional modules for further upgrading of energy space Insulation pads
Water coolers, multifunctional elastic layers, heat management is effectively upgraded, and the americium cells place the water cooler, which is originally at the bottom of the core, between the cores, and replace it.
The heat area was quadrupled; the first-generation large-face cooling technology reduced the temperature of the core by 50 per cent and achieved 5 minutes; the clock was fast hot and charged by 10 minutes; in extreme cases, the core cooled at an extreme rate, effectively blocked the transfer of abnormal heat between the cores, and effectively avoided irreversible damage caused by the unnatural temperature of the battery and raised the overall life of the core.
(a) Optimization of the cores: the cores are placed in a regular ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho- ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho- ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho- ortho-ortho- ortho-ortho-ortho-ortho- ortho-ortho-ortho-orther, which is protected against the vehicle chassis once the heat is out of control.
The system energy density of the americium cells is 255wh/kg at the same chemical system size, with a third generation of ctp power increasing by 13% over the 4680 system. Supports 4c fast charge, leading to a full-scale increase in continued, fast, safe, lifetime and cryogenic performance.
Patented interpretation: The americium battery package consists of four parts, top-to-down, reinforced, battery-to-be. The main innovation of the americium battery package is that it is connected to the top-to-top cap, that it can increase the structural strength of the top-to-down cap, and that it has a channel for the circulation of coolant.
So, when the coolant is injected into the body, the reinforced body has the function of water cooling. By combining the water coolers and the reinforced body, the use of space is increased and the energy density is increased efficiently by satisfying the heat and structural strength.
Current power cell system pains: The growing application landscape contradicts battery energy density and battery safety. When a lithium ion cell releases energy under extreme conditions, triggers battery monomer failure, it transmits heat to other monoliths via a modular connection to thermal radiation, thermal reflux, etc., causing the chain of battery systems to lose control.
The Ninde-era solution: no thermal diffusion technology. The company's heatless diffusion technology uses a combination of "ceramic diaphragms plus complex fluids plus cloudboard insulation" technology that allows battery monomer failure. The system does not spread heat, reduces flue gas damage after heat is out of control, and enhances battery safety.
Figure 38: The need for battery-free diffusion technology The core dimension: the company's invented flame-resistant ceramic diaphragms have the advantages of high thermal stability and good safety, which are effective enough to prevent a battery from dramatically increasing at high temperatures, reduce short circuit currents in the battery and increase the thermal stability of the battery
Ceramic diaphragms resistant to fire: The diaphragm consists of two parts: diaphragms and composite coatings, of which the coating is made from a combination of ceramic coatings and polymer coatings, which are tectonicly characterized by polymer coatings forming island structures on the surface of ceramic coatings. The island structure is based on the principle that, at constant temperatures, lacquers are not empty.
Fill, diaphragm permeability is not affected; at high temperatures, polymer coatings enter the melting state, flow and fill the porcelain porcelain porcelain hole, causing large-scale congestion of the diaphragm, causing a sharp increase in intra-cell resistance, thereby reducing short circuit currents.
The characteristics of low-conductor heat, which inhibits battery monolithic inflation and the presence of air gaps in empty structures increases heat resistance between cells, increases heat insulation between cells, increases heat insulation between cells, increases heat out of control of modules: cells have fine insulation devices, i.e. clouds with empty structures.
It has a thickness of about 0.5-2mm, which is characterized by low conductivity, high intensity and high resistance to compression, and thus reduces the heat from uncontrolled cells to adjacent normal cells, while using the hardness of cloud tablets, resistance to compression to surge.
Thermosorption device, which is made with a composite phase material pressure of less than 10 mm, has the effect of increasing the heat transfer of the cells' cells so as to rapidly export the heat from within the cells; there is also a heat conductor between the cells' cells and the heat-sorting unit, which has the effect of reducing the heat resistance at the interface and reducing the heat burden.
Industry advances: The trend in heatless diffusion technology is clear, with 50% of clients in 19 years not demanding heat diffusion; more than 80% of customers in 20 years require no less than 5 minutes of proliferation and 14% require no heat diffusion; 86% of customers in 21 years require no heat diffusion. The company introduced eight products in 2020.
Technology, which is expected to achieve 1,000 km of high power-free diffusion technology by 2023. 3.1.7 Changing mode - accelerating the evolution of the power cell market. Current user pains in electric cars: cost anxiety, battery-filling anxiety, residual anxiety.
Solutions for the Ningde era: On January 18, 2022, the Time Uniforms were launched on the line with an electronic service brand, evogo, and a combination of power-change solutions. To address consumer pains such as mileage anxiety, refilling anxiety, and purchase costs, the Time Uniforms came together with three products: "Cluster Change, Fast Exchange, App."
A combination of power-for-all solutions and services that, in the case of motor separation, separate the battery as a shared asset and bring new experiences to the market.
The tank's mass energy density is over 160 kwh/kg, with a single battery capacity of about 26.5 kwh, with a target of 200 km, which can be matched to the pattern of 80% of the world's pure power platforms that are already on the market and are to be marketed in the next three years.
The full-scale pattern of multiple cars applies to passenger vehicles and logistics vehicles from level a00 to level b, level c. For power switching stations: fast switching stations are small in size, large in capacity, and fit with branded models. 1. Fast changing stations have four main features: small in size, fast in circulation, large in capacity, and full climate. Only three parking spaces per standard station are required, with individual power.
Blocks change for about one minute, and there are 48 substations in the station to ensure that each user has a full battery that can be replaced without waiting for long periods of time. At the same time, the substations can also provide versions adapted to the climatic conditions of different regions. 2. The substations can be adapted to the branded models of the "Choco-Chocolates" and have access to batteries and car-type matching walls.
On February 22, 2022, a memorandum of strategic cooperation was signed between the company's company's company's company, the company's state-of-the-art electric suit, and the company's high-speed energy company, which will form a joint venture to build Fujian province.
On February 23, the company announced the official transfer of the joint 3-I heavy power workers to the country's first heavy power truck, the Forning main line, to speed up the operation of the heavy card. On April 27, a framework agreement was signed with the Elvego for the evogo power exchange project.
On June 18th, Evogo's electric exchange service was officially launched at Ensign Fertilizer, marking the second Green Ring city in the country.
With three fast-forward stations, it is expected that by the end of this year, evogo will have completed the delivery of 20 fast-forward stations for compost and will have achieved a 5-km service radius in the compost city.
The company's product approach is “the unstinting pursuit of perfect quality beyond client expectations”, with full quality management through quality assurance and quality prevention, and every battery in the Ningde era undergoes a complete and rigorous testing process before delivering it to its clients.
Systems management end: the company has established a complete and effective quality management system within the organization by importing and implementing standards and norms of the Iso9001:2015 and iatf16949:2016 quality management system.
Quality control system for products Test process end: the company has a comprehensive product inspection capability. Material feed phase, iqc. Quality inspection of materials to ensure that materials used in production meet the requirements: manufacturing process phase, company pqc.
Process Quality Control (QQC) conducts process inspections to ensure that process operations meet the requirements; product delivery phase, qc (Quality Test), last round of inspection to ensure that finished products meet the requirements for delivery. Product development end: customer needs are fully identified, product development processes are strictly adhered to, and samples are completed
Quality management systems are continuously improved through annual internal audits, external audits, management reviews and management reviews.
Fullness and effectiveness of operations. Vendors are required to sign a “no-use assurance” to identify and control environmental risks in the company’s product process and to ensure that the product delivered by the company to the customer meets the EU elv, read and customer requirements.
Data talk, corporate power cell recall rates are low, and products are of excellent quality. By sorting out and sifting the 17-21 year global call-back of electric vehicles due to power cell problems, and classifying them according to the number of call-backs, single-car chargers and battery-loading in the battery plant.
Recall ratio = number of electric cars called in single-car * ' Battery plant battery loads for 17-21 years, according to the formula, the company ' s power cell recall rate for 17-21 years was 0.4 per cent, while two others in the industry could.
Compared to companies (A, B) recall rates of 16.5 per cent and 11.2 per cent, they have a lower power recall rate and higher product quality assurance compared to comparable companies. 3.3 High engineering capacity to maximize technological value
3.3.1 "Little unit investment + short unit construction time" shows a strong engineering capability, calculated using the company's three most recent expansion projects: Unit investment: the average unit investment in the company's power and storage cell project is 3,26.31 million yuan/gwh.
Compared to the Lithium ion battery expansion projects of companies b and c, with investments of $3.79.85 million/gwh and 35624/gwh, respectively, the unit investment is significantly lower than the industry comparable. Unit construction cycle: the single gwh construction cycle of the company power and storage cell project was 0.9/gwh.
Comparable companies b and c have single gwh construction cycles of 4.5 and 2.6 months/gwh, respectively, while corporate extension projects have unit construction cycles of between one third and one fifth of comparable companies, with a clear lead in the same industry. The unit investment and unit construction cycles of corporate expansion projects are large market leaders, demonstrating firm strength.
Large engineering landing capacity and extension efficiency. 3.3.2 Extremity manufacturing The concept of maximum manufacturing: 1. Reduce the safety and efficiency of the core monomer from the level of ppm (one in one million) to the level of pm.
At the ppb level (one billionth of a billionth); 2. To guarantee the reliability of battery products throughout their life cycle; 3. To significantly improve productivity and build a “twh” level of ultra-large high-quality delivery capacity. Smart production lines are the main means by which companies can achieve their limits.
High-quality and high-consistency requirements for products; 2. Interaction, compatibility and synergy between automation equipment; 3. Massive rapid processing; 4. Rapid feedback on client needs. To address process challenges, companies have chosen to integrate production lines with depths such as ai intelligence, big data, cloud computing, etc.
In 2020, the company worked with An-Sung to create the An-yun era, providing intelligent solutions for the new energy battery production lines, which each machine will be equipped with sensors to monitor machine performance in real time, by capturing system big data, using cloud analysis, etc.
The highlights of the products that need to be replaced are: 1. The state of health of the entire production line can be fully controlled; 2. Comparison of the effectiveness of the model, multi-model comparisons, finding the best models and providing a strong decision for production, depending on the location of the position.
Individualized custom template; 4. Visualized production data statement. Figure 54: Increased production efficiency by technology; capped manufacturing exceeded production efficiency limits. September 2021, based on the network of company officials, companies using artificial intelligence.
Technologies such as cloud computing and advanced analysis have achieved a single battery production rate of 1.7 seconds/only, with a deficit rate of 1 billion cents and a 75 per cent increase in labour productivity and a 10 per cent reduction in energy consumption.
3.4 The vertical and comprehensive layout of the industrial chain, the co-development of suppliers, the vertical organization of the whole industry chain, strategic cooperation and two-way research and development to create a “symbiotic” ecological environment in the supply chain. The three-way supply chain of + price + quality is the road to the twh stage, and this is the way to be achieved.
The company created suppliers with a “core chain participation”, “two for strategy”, “supplier control” as the framework. 3.4.1 core link participation premium from upstream ore resources such as nickel, cobalt and lithium, to the four mains of central positives, negatives, diaphragms, electrolytes.
Positive material, the complete layout of the mainframe and equipment plant at the end of the downstream application, which ensures the stability of the supply chain, increases upstream raw materials: nickel, cobalt resources: in April 21, the company entered into a strategic partnership with the Luoyang Moor industry to obtain 25 per cent of the shares of the latter ' s subsidiary, kmf; in January 19, the company, through its subsidiary, Bump and Greenme, Qing, Indonesia
In Indonesia, the Mountain Parks Development Corporation ' s Mip-Safe and Xianxian-City Club co-financed a project to build an annual production capacity of 50,000 tons of nickel/year and 4,000 tons of cobalt/year; lithium resources: in September 19 the company acquired 183 million common shares, or 8.5 per cent of the total equity, from the new pilbara; in November 19 the company and Tian Yi
The lithium industry has signed a cooperation agreement to give priority over the next five years to meet the needs of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide in the Nind era and to hold raw materials in the middle and middle run: lithium phosphate: 19 years, Tefonami formed a joint venture with the company, which holds 40 per cent of the public share; 20 years, the company has been involved in the Hunan Xu Replenishment, which currently holds 10.54 per cent of the capacity of Hunan Xin;
In 22 years, the Ningde era is going to raise its capital to Jiangxi, and when it is done, the Ningde era will hold 20% of Jiang Xihua. Three-dollar material: Guangdong Bangpo, a subsidiary of the company, is the main supplier of triple-dollar material. Negative material: the full-time subsidiary of the department now has 430 tons of silicon carbon in the south, and is responsible for three-dollar material and silicon carbon in the south.
Advanced technology studies. Electrolysis fluids: The company's subsidiary, Long Rock Sicon, is responsible for the development of new high-performance lithium salt and has the capacity to produce fluorine-based electric additives. The cost of raw materials for the company's lithium ion batteries is stable and below the industry average.
The unit cost of raw materials for power and energy storage batteries is 0.53/wh, slightly below the industry average of 0.54/wh, 19-21 years, with flat unit cost fluctuations in the company ' s raw materials, which remain between 0.51-0.54/wh, with much greater stability than in the same industry, stability in the cost of raw materials for the company ' s products and low prices benefiting the company.
3.4.2 Two-supplier strategy to enhance industrial voice
The advantage of the strategy is to stimulate competition between upstream suppliers in the same industry, where the two heads of household are constrained to ensure stable prices and quality of raw materials, and to upgrade the company in the industrial chain, depending on the announcement of the respective upstream supplier companies, we have calculated the following 21 years of supply for each of the companies:
(a) Lithium phosphate: Hunan Yuen and Tefonami;
The concentration of major suppliers of companies is lower than in the industry. The ratio of procurement to the top five suppliers 21 years ago was 15.41%, which is significantly lower than that of other firms in the industry, indicating a higher degree of fragmentation of suppliers, and 3.4.3 “high threshold + high requirements” for suppliers, with heavy multi-dimensional control of the supply chain.
The criteria for the selection of suppliers by companies are based on a multi-party review and evaluation of suppliers ' access to the corporate supply chain system, in strict compliance with systems and process requirements such as iatf16949, iso9001, iso14001, iso45001 and vda6.3.
The firm ' s project will be subject to a lined bidding process, with data kept confidential prior to opening, and will be based on the results of a comprehensive assessment of multiple dimensions, such as quality, technology, cost, logistics, etc., in order to fully ensure the fairness of the selection of suppliers.
Strictness of the audit: The supplier is required to provide a copy of the reportable reportable and is cleared by the company ' s supply chain management team for bulk delivery. ppap (production block approval process) matches the standards for the development of the whole downstream garage and the high degree of process, specifying the general requirements for approval of the production items.
The role of the requirement, including production and bulk materials, is to determine whether the supplier has correctly understood the requirements of corporate engineering and to provide assurance that the supplier provides a qualified and stable product. Rating incentives: In daily supply chain quality management activities, companies rely on supplier quality performance forms on a quarterly basis.
Evaluations are carried out in the areas of current, major project development alignment, quality progress, collaboration, quality technology exchange, quality improvement contribution, etc., and the willingness to cooperate of suppliers with high quality performance is enhanced through incentives such as letters of credit, recognition announcements, in-kind awards and the tilt of the business cooperation policy.
A strong team: The company ' s supply chain management team, with approximately 300 people, is responsible for supply chain planning, acquisition and quality assurance, and the team works together to provide a steady flow of raw material for company batch quantification and rapid production. The company ' s supply chain management model is similar to Apple, with a strong and professional supply chain management team assisting it.
The supplier upgrades the quality of the product and establishes a whole chain supply chain security system. 3.4.4 Co-operative research and development to create a “symbiotic” ecology, where suppliers grow with companies. Co-operative research and development, where they evolve upstream and downstream.
It is not just a simple procurement of materials; it is a model of collaborative development with suppliers that is fine-tuned, through the advanced development of core materials, controls core processes and designs production processes with suppliers, and finally the supplier completes the production and processing of the supply. In the case of diaphragms, the company procures the membrane and hands it over again.
On the positive side, the long-term Lithium Section has achieved 21 years of coverage, and in the 21-year period, it has achieved $8,996 million, an increase of 70.36%, and a net profit of $1,749 million for mothers.
In the case of electrolysis material, the net profit was 1,091 million yuan in 21 years, an increase of 169.26 per cent, and in the case of mother ' s net profit, 2,208 million yuan, an increase of 314.42 per cent; and in the case of structural elements, the shares in Nord and KAZT, a gain of 4,446 million yuan and 2,804 million yuan in 21 years, respectively, the same increase.
195.02%. The Ningde era was the first major customer of the above-mentioned suppliers, with overperformance, and the upstream supply chain industry and the company booming. 3.5 Capability expansion + high-quality customer positioning
3.5.1 The global layout of the production line towards the twh era will continue to increase the demand for power and storage batteries over the next few years as the demand for downstream cars increases. The company officially launched a new campaign on 17 January 2022, which is expected to add lithium ion batteries.
Since the launch of this programme, the company has announced battery capacity-building projects such as Ikechun, Guian of Guizhou, Xiamen and Eibin Base Phases 7 to 10, with an estimated investment of no more than $52.5 billion.
As of January 2022, the company had deployed a number of production bases around the world, including Fu Jian Ningde, Fujian Xiamen, Fujian Fukutang, Jiang Su Xiaoyang, Qinghai, Sichuan Bing, Guangdong Zhaoqing, Guang Dong Qing, Jiang Jian Chun, Guian of Guizhou and Europe, together with 11 production bases, including one gas, upper gas, wide gas, etc.
Yes, the company’s master plan produces more than 700 gwh. 3.5.2 client base is solid, and the client covers most of the country’s well-known car companies and most of the best-selling models.
For example, the company’s domestic customers cover vehicles such as gas, one gas, Jili, Wootung, North steam, Ulrai, and Peng, and support their power cell products; overseas customers include Tesla.
International vehicle brands (tesla), BMW, Daimler, psa, etc. The model is based on the 21-year list of sales of new energy cars and suv, and 14 vehicles, including the 21-year sales of Wang Yung Guang Mini and the country's power cells.
The top ten clients of the company in 2021 accounted for 63.1% of the sum, with Tesla accounting for 17.5% of the 14.61gwhg, the main contributor.
With the creation of the Tesla Shanghai Super Plant, the country’s production-type demand has risen, and the build-up of the European-exporting model requires company-backed batteries. In addition, the new drivers of car creation, such as pelicans, apes, and ideals have grown to be important clients of the company, and in 2021, the top ten clients of the company were ranked 2, 3 and 7, respectively.
Newly powerful companies hit the city slightly at the end of the "c" market, becoming an important variable in the car-backed market. Figure 60: Top ten clients installed by the company in 2020, 4 times the storage wind, and the second growth curve rises.
4.1 The contribution of the company's storage capacity to the business is increasing, its revenue is increasing at a very high rate, and Māori remain at a high level. Between 2017 and 2021, revenues from the company's storage capacity system increased from $1.645 million to $13.62 billion, representing a significant increase in the total revenue, which has been maintained for the last four years.
At the same time, there is a higher Māori storage rate than the power cell business, with a Māori storage rate of about 28.52 per cent over 21 years, and a Māori ratio of about 6.52 ptc over the power cell business, which effectively boosts the company’s combined gross volume by over 200 gwh. Storage capacity is clearly visible, with the company deepening the industrial chain layout and output rhythm.
Landing, storage operations are expected to create a second-growth curve for companies. 4.2 Technology builds core competitiveness with three dimensions covering the entire industry chain. 4.2.1 “Long life + high security”, building core competitiveness
There is an equally high demand for safety, with companies upgrading their storage technologies around “circle” and “safety.” High safety: material systems, companies use the phosphate lithium system because the lfp olive structure is more stable.
Thermal loss of control can be of up to 800°c; containment system, where companies use hard-shell squares with blast-resistant valve-directed discharge pressure, and welding of aluminium shells, with good air density and no risk of distortion, leakage and reliable life beyond 20 years; process system, opting for roll-by processes to prevent the production of punctures, decarbonization and metal particles and to ensure high cycle stability; heat management.
System, the company's heat management of the energy storage system by introducing wind and liquid cold solutions, with different solutions for Figure 64: Power core safety table 17: Wind and cool + liquid cold heat management programme
Long-term life: the company’s household energy storage product can last 5300-6,000 times, and is in a leading position in the industry. The household storage energy product 100ah-3ulfp and 100ah-4.3ulfp. 4.2.2 “Election side + grid side + side” with full coverage in the field of storage energy
The company storage system provides storage and output management on the side of the power generation, with good core consistency and a strong computing capability in the battery management system (bms) to help restore grid stability on the side of the power generation, optimize the output curve of the power generation, reduce the dumping of wind, provide system inertia and FM peaks.
In December 2018, the largest power-generating side electrical and chemical storage project in the country, the Luen National Energy Storage Station Demonstration Project, 50mw/100mwh's phosphate lithium cell storage project, was successfully installed and gridded. The total capacity of the project was 700,000.
About 1,262.5 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated in the year after its construction is the largest side electrical and chemical storage project in the country. The company has provided technical support and equipment for the project, providing a variety of services for grid operation, such as upscaling, FM, backup, black-starting, demand-responsive support, and increasing the flexibility, economy, and security of power systems.
The company storage system provides intelligent load management on the side of the transmission and distribution, allows for the timely upscaling of frequency based on grid loads, the realization of such functions as capacitation, backup power sources, the inclusion of more renewable energy sources on the side of the transmission and distribution, and the safe, stable, efficient and low-cost operation of the barrier grid.
In May, the Shinjiang 100mwh class storage and energy plant entered the operational phase, the company was primarily responsible for the integration of systems throughout the storage system, and the company-led project “Development and application of new lithium cell size technologies at the 100mwh level” broke through the technical bottlenecks and created a new one.
12,000 storage batteries with a very long life cycle, raising lithium ion storage cell performance to new heights. Corporate storage systems, which provide users with peak valley arbitrage models and stable power quality management, are now applied in large businesses and residential areas, and are extended to communications base stations for power supply, ups for power supply, island micronets, light storage.
Innovative applications, such as charge stations, which help unconnected areas to achieve electricity coverage, reduce social use, improve side-use security. Figure 66: Photosurcharged smart chargers
The company has formed joint ventures with nebula, Costa, new energy sources in Peking City, and Elite, to develop battery management systems, storage energy transformers, and, when the joint venture was established, with Young-Foot.
Dao Yongfu, layout storage system; a series of close collaborations with NCN, participating in several large-scale power grid side storage projects; and working with atl, Chinese gas to open up the market for domestic and formula commercial storage capacity.5 In the area of pre-carat battery recovery, the third growth curve is emerging.
5.1 Power-recycling batteries are approaching the billion-dollar blue-sea market, and the first power-recycling batteries are about to retire, peaking in the 2021 battery-recycling industry.
Decommissioned, whereas the current useful life of power cells is usually 4-6 years. Thus, the power produced in 2014 began the lot retirement period in 2018, with a real peak in 2021.Arithmetic models have been designed for the recycling market space for future power cells, based on the following assumptions:
(1) The three-dollar battery life cycle is 5 years, and the phosphate lithium has a 4-year active life plus 2-year ladder is used; the three-dollar battery produced in 2015 will be decommissioned in 2020, while the phosphate lithium battery produced in 2015 is assumed to be recovered at 5:3:2 ladders, i.e. power cells produced in 2016, 21
(3) Battery manufacturers measure battery end-of-life per year at 5 per cent of battery load in the current year; (4) recovery is the sum of battery decommissioning and battery end-of-life per year, and based on the Standard Conditions for the Integrated Use of Power Batteries by New Energy Vehicles, assumes a combined recovery rate of 98 per cent nickel, cobalt, manganese and lithium.
(5) The effective output rate for recovery of metals is 95 per cent based on tri-gent and phosphate lithium, which is a positive estimate of metal recovery: in 2027, we expect to recover 39.31 million tons of nickel, 98.4 million tons of cobalt, 1157 million tons of manganese and 271,000 tons of lithium, of which 3 dollars is a positive estimate.
The recovery of 6.28 million tons in the polar zone and 20.82 million tons in the positive poles of phosphate and the positive metal recovery by type of triode and phosphate lithium: we expect to recover 30.42 million tons of nickel, 7.75 million tons of cobalt, 949 million tons of manganese and 646 million tons of lithium in the middle of 2027.
The recovery of 495 tons and the recovery of 151,000 tons of lithium phosphate in the positive poles, the recovery of metal salt, which we expect to generate 1.36 million tons of nickel sulphate, 370,000 tons of cobalt sulphate, 260,000 tons of manganese sulphate and 340,000 tons of lithium carbonate, are calculated on the basis of the price of metal salt.
In 2027, China's space market for the power cell recycling industry will reach $113.7 billion. 5.2 Build a battery-wide chain recycling system with the power of Guangdong Bump, the layout of the battery recovery. Guangdong Bump is the largest waste lithium battery recycling facility in the country today.
By acquiring 52.8% of Guangdong Bump shares in 2012 and 2015, companies cut into the battery recycling area. By building a system of whole-industry chain circulation of batteries that have complementary advantages up and down in Guangdong Bump, the company developed a sustainable battery value chain.
On 12th of the 12th day of the Ninder era, through Guangdong State ' s Generalization of its Holdings subsidiary, it is proposed to invest up to 32 billion yuan in the construction of the Pimp Integrated Battery Materials Industrial Park project, mainly in the construction of production bases with intensive, scaled production of used battery material recovery, phosphate lithium, tri-dollar drivers, cobalt-acid lithium and graphite, in the lithium electric recovery industry.
The Bump's “one nuclear two” industry layout, working together to create an “eco-closed ring for battery production - use - ladder use - recycling and resource regeneration” in the Ningd era, helping to build supply chain cost advantages in the Ningd era.
Nuclear: Bump uses recycling as a core business, extracts reusable metals, non-metals, etc. from battery carriers through the establishment of system recovery systems and advanced recovery techniques, and applies to original systems. Bump uses resource operations as a strategic business, in conjunction with Green States, Green Mountain Steel, Indonesianimip, etc.
(b) Production of three-dimensional pre-drills for the manufacture of positive materials in batteries, with material operations as a key business. 5.4 Researchal cooperation at the production level, with technological innovation driving advantage.
The company has a number of technical research centres and workshops, such as the Ph.D. Workstation in Guangdong Province, the Faculty of Energy in Guangdong Province, the Faculty of Power Battery Recycled, and has introduced Chinese engineering.
As of December 2021, Bump was involved in the construction of 204 standards relating to the recycling of used and end-of-life batteries, battery materials, etc. 930 patents were applied and 172 papers were published, of which 110 were recorded in foreign sci, ei, and the core periodicals in the country.
The company's main technology route is wet. Wet is the dominant industrial process, with the advantages of high product purity and high recovery rates for heavy metals. Bump's main technology route is: 1. Selective leaching of used lithium battery powder and solid fluids when pressurized into hydrogen sulfide gas.
Separating the mn2+, li+, al3+ metal ion into a leaching fluid, while nickel, cobalt, copper and iron are present in a leaching slag in the form of a sulphide; 2. For a leaching fluid to be added to the alkaline fluid, regulating the removal of aluminium and manganese with lithium-containing solutions;
3. Leaching of a leachate into acid, sequestering of the solid with a more pure mixture of nickel cobalt salt solution, which can be used directly for the synthetic use of pre-prepolar material. 5.5 Reclamation capacity plus expansion.
Guangdong Bump continues to expand and the third growth curve flourishes. In 2016, the company has been active in a number of productive expansion projects, such as pre-triple decomposition, recycling of used batteries, and use of battery packs, with an average investment of 26.4 million yuan per ton. Currently, 20 million batteries are recycled as a core industry.
In February 2022, it achieved a recovery rate of over 90% for lithium, and a recovery rate of over 99.3% for three key metals for batteries.
6.1 According to the company ' s annual report, we split the company ' s main business into four parts: power cell systems, storage systems, lithium battery materials and other operations.
Power cell system: In 21 years, the company delivered 116gwh, contributing $91,491 million, and we forecast that the volume of goods to be produced in 22 years, based on the company's effective production capacity, could reach 255 gwh, upgrade, single wh for 0.84 and lower raw material prices in 23-24 and 0.67 and 0.66 per unit, respectively.
Energy storage system: 21 years of company output, 16.7 gwh, contributing 13,624 million yuan, and we expect lithium battery material: 28.38 million tons in 21 years, contributing 15,457 million dollars, and we expect the company to have a global market of more than 30% in 21 years, the absolute leader in the power cell industry.
In terms of industry attributes, companies are similar to Biadi in the field of electric vehicles, Cymorgium in the field of positives, Cyclops in the field of diaphragms, Tianna in the field of conductors, and they are industry leaders with high technological barriers, so we have chosen Byadi, Tiannai in the field of technology, Cynchronology in the field of positives, Engje in the field of diaphragms as comparable companies.
Between 21 and 23 years, we expect the average value of current prices to be 80, 50, 31 times that of company p, 155, 67, 39 times that of company p (the tap of the power lithium battery breakdown) and 95, 47, 31 times that of company p (excluding Yadi), taking into account the firm ' s deep core technical barriers and its ability to land.
Industry should benefit from higher valuation premiums. The accelerated pace of expansion of capacity, the strong market niche, we maintain a “recommended” rating. 1) Price volatility of raw materials and supply risk: if there are shortages in the supply of major raw materials and large prices
(b) The risk of increased competition in the market: in recent years, new energy sources have been associated with State support for the new energy automotive industry.
The rapid growth of the automobile market has been accompanied by increasing competition in the market. The power cell, one of the core components of the new energy vehicle, is also constantly attracting new entrants to compete through direct investment, industrial transformation or mergers, while existing power cell companies have expanded their production capacity and become more competitive.
Growing power and growing customer demand, companies will face a certain degree of market competition in their future business development 3) Newly Capable vehicle market demand is less than expected: if future market demand falls short of expectations, markets may become structurally and staged overcapacity. Companies, as one of the global Lithium taps, have downstream market demand.
Failure to meet expectations will have a significant impact on the performance of companies. 4) New products and new technology development risks: the next generation of batteries in new energy vehicles, including fully solid lithium cells, lithium metal air cells, hydrogen fuel cells, etc., are currently in the basic and applied research phase, distance from technology
There is still a long way to go before technology matures and commercializes. If there is a breakthrough in the future power cell core technology, and the Division does not have access to the technology in time, such as failure in research and development of new technologies, it will draw conclusions about the company’s market position and profitability, methodological and analytical logic, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.