The Ningde era: short profit landings, two-wheel power and storage power, high prices of raw materials, short profit paths. At this stage, the upstream resource development cycle is longer, downstream demand is faster, lithium resource supply and demand are clearly imbalanced, and the supply and demand of lithium raw materials are expected to be inconsistent in the short term.
Over five years in a row, the Ningde-era power cell has been the world’s largest market, with a global load of 96.7gwhh in 2021, compared to +167.13 per cent in 2021, with a market occupancy rate of 32.6 per cent.
The world is ranked first in the market. Given the country’s wind and wind power storage policy and the surge in the need for overseas power storage plants, we believe that power side storage will bring about a continuous eruption, adding to the demand for storage in other areas such as communications, data centres, etc., and that the projected volume of deliveries in 2022-2024 will reach 36gwh, 50gwh, 66gwh in the Ninder era.
(a) The volume of new energy vehicles sold below expectations; industry competition and corporate second performance drivers; dramatic risks; price volatility of raw materials; and the risk of supply;
The Ninder era has four major advantages: technology, capacity, cost, and customer advantage.
At a certain level of capital spending pressure; production capacity absorbs risks. 670 gwh, by that time, it will have a significant lead in production capacity. The key resource supply and price stability will be locked in investment participation, joint ventures, long-term agreements, etc., and the company will maintain Māori in a context of high raw material prices.
The rate is stable. Client coverage is wide, and the main domestic car companies and foreign/joint brands are covered by a vehicle loading machine.
Investment proposals: We believe that the chain benefits as the price of lithium raw materials stabilizes, the power is added and the storage energy sector grows (2021.8.6).
Yes, the global flagship is stronger (2021.8.16) The pace of expansion and concentration is increasing.
In policy terms, it is expected that in 2022 the company will have more than $7 billion (after taxes) in profit elasticity for sound financial treatment, and the electricity and energy industry track report: lithium raw material costs are passed downstream, new energy vehicles are in place.
One, a time-changing giant, the Ningde-era Battery Dragon 1.1, the Ningde-era evolution.
In 1989, the founder of the Ninder era graduated from the Shanghai-based distribution industry and worked as an engineer at the Japanese firm tdk in East China. In 1999, he joined several top executives of the tdk in Hong Kong, where he had a short life cycle and succeeded in entering the apple chain. After that, tdk acquired atl, holding shares in Japanese capital.
After that, atl became a battery supplier for many big mobile phone manufacturers around the world. In 2008, our policy began to support the new energy automobile industry, and atl decided to create a power cell sector that would allow domestic regulations to restrict foreign exclusives from producing power cells.
In 2012, the company became a BMW supplier, with a branding of the brand. In 2015, the Ministry of Industry and Communications published the Coded Conditions for the Automotive Battery Industry, a “White List Policy”, whereby only listed companies could supply power cells for the entire domestic car factory, and the company became one of the first companies to be selected, with preferential treatment until June 2019.
The policy introduced energy density standards, subsidies inclined towards high energy density and low-energy-consuming technologies, and the rise of three-dollar lithium borrowing, with companies moving beyond the pine and Biadi for the first time, leading the global export list of power cells; listed on the deep-seated business board in 2018; and became a global power cell supplier in Tesla in 2020, with a market value of more than trillion in 2021 and the largest company in the market.
One of the founders invested 55% of his stockholdings in the company ' s top shareholders, with a 24.43% share. The core executives, Huang Shih-jin and Li Ping, held 11.1076% and 4.8% of their shareholdings, respectively.
The company is the leading new energy innovation technology company in the world, with its core technological advantages and forward-looking R & D layout in the industrial chains of battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc., focusing on research and development, production and marketing of power and energy storage batteries, and working to provide first-class solutions and services for new global energy applications.
Company power cell products include cores, modules/boxes and battery packages, which cover new energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles, and other new energy mobility tools and non-road mobile machinery.
In industrial enterprises, commercial buildings and data centres, storage of energy, storage of power recharge stations, communications base station back-up batteries, household storage, etc. Lithium electric materials operations are the production of nickel, cobalt, manganese, lithium and other metal materials from used batteries through processing, refining, synthesizing, etc., of battery materials such as tri-dollar pre-dischargers, lithium carbonate, etc. The collection of metal materials such as copper, aluminium, etc.
Sale for recycling of the above-mentioned materials; at the same time, in order to secure the supply of essential upstream resources and battery materials, the company should be equipped with mineral resources and battery materials related to the new energy industries such as lithium, nickel, cobalt and phosphorus.
The continued growth of the global market for new energy vehicles and the growth of clean energy loads, represented by wind power, photovoltaic, etc., led to a surge in the demand for power cells and storage batteries, and a significant increase in the volume of batteries delivered in the Ningde era, leading to a high rate of performance growth. The sales of lithium ion batteries in the Nind era in 2021 grew by 183.41gwh, compared to 184.82% in the same period, with the power cell system.
The combined sales volume was 116.71gwh, an increase of 162.56 per cent over the previous year, with no gains and less than expected performance in the quarter. In 2021, 1303.56 raw material prices were high, driven by an outbreak of downstream demand. As the demand for downstream lithium power increased, the supply and demand of upstream raw materials was misaligned and the prices of raw materials were maintained.
The cost of batteries has been rising as the core raw materials of batteries such as cobalt, lithium, nickel, etc., have increased. According to the data from lithium platinum, the main raw material for power batteries as at 20 June, the price of lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and lithium hydroxide were 477.5 million yuan, or 474,000 tons, or 4.82 and 4.24 times more than a year ago, respectively.
Traveling resources development cycles are long, downstream demand is growing faster, and the supply and demand of lithium resources are clearly imbalanced, and it is expected that the supply and demand pattern of lithium raw materials will be difficult to mitigate in the short term until the supply shortage will ease in 2024 or 2025. Net interest rate is 13.70%, compared to +1.57 pct. Battery price increases lag behind the price of upstream materials in 2021.
Its raw materials, which have been reduced by the same ratio, have benefited from the company's layout of upstream materials and have eased the firm's overall gross operating interest rate, which is more resilient. With a small decline in Maori rates, the net interest rate can rise slightly by the same year, thanks to good cost control. 2022q1 has assumed pressure on the main raw materials to increase prices while at the same time directing price increases to downstream customers.
II. The industry position of the Ningde era: oligarchs market, strong and strong 2.1. Power cell business leads to a further expansion of the electric wave in the global automobile industry. Power cells as core components of new energy vehicles remain in the future.
The data show that in 2021, the global volume of new energy vehicles sold reached 6.7 million, a significant increase of 102.4 per cent over the same year, and that the global rate of electrodynamic penetration also increased from 0.8 per cent in 2015 to 7.74 per cent in 2021, with China selling 3.54 million vehicles, an increase of 160.1 per cent over the same period, and a penetration rate of 13.4 per cent for new energy vehicles.
More than 8.5 million vehicles will be sold, of which 6 million will be sold domestically; over 22 million will be sold globally in 2025, of which 10 million will be sold domestically. The trend towards replacement fuel trucks for new energy vehicles is becoming more apparent, with a significant increase in global penetration of new energy vehicles in the coming years.
The annual output of power cells will enter the "twh" era. The data for ggii show that the global output of power cells in 2021 was 375gwh, an increase of 101.6% compared to the previous year, with China ' s output of power cells being 226gwh, an increase of 182.5% compared to the same year. The domestic output of new energy sources is expected to reach 6 million vehicles in 2022, with power-driven batteries exceeding 450gwh; the global output of new energy vehicles will be sold.
Over 8.5 million vehicles will drive the demand for power cells over 650gwh, and China will remain the world’s largest power cell market; conservative, ggii estimates that global power cell output will reach 1550gwh by 2025 and is expected to reach 3,000gwh by 2030.
The R & D system and technology layout, in terms of supply chain management, product R & D and manufacturing, cost control, customer services, etc., generated revenues of $91.49 billion, an increase of 132.06 per cent in the same year, and power cell system sales of 116.71gwh, an increase of 162.56 per cent in the same year.
The world’s first; in 2021, the global load of companies reached 96.7gwh, an increase of 167.13% in the same year, with a market share of 32.6%, an increase of about 8 pct in the same year. The gap between market occupancy and second place is more than 12 percentage points, and the industry’s leader is strong.
The domestic power cell load of the Ninde era was 80.51gwh, with a market share of 52.1 per cent, an increase of 2.1 percentage points in the same year. 2.2, storage energy surge growth, with the transition of conventional energy to clean energy sources becoming a global consensus, replacing fossil energy with clean energy sources such as wind power and photovoltaics
The revolution is accelerating, and new energy generation is characterized by instability and imbalance over conventional energy sources, thus generating rapidly growing demand for power generation side and grid side storage (including renewable energy grids, power peaks, system FM, etc.). Universal access to energy storage products will contribute to the widespread use of green energy, with great potential for market development.
In 2021, the global total yield of lithium ion batteries for storage was 66.3gwh, an increase of 132.4 per cent compared to the previous year, driven by the rapid growth in the global volume of lithium ion batteries delivered by Chinese enterprises, with 42.3gwh for storage of lithium ion batteries in 2021, accounting for 63.8 per cent of global volume.
In terms of the market share of the world ' s main enterprises storing lithium ion batteries, Chinese firms ranked first in 24.5 per cent of the market share in the Ningde era, followed by Biadi, South Korea ' s Samsungsdi, and Korea ' s lges, four companies storing lithium ion batteries, with a combined share of nearly 70 per cent.
In terms of industrial applications, the data show that the power system is the largest application market for lithium batteries, accounting for 71% in 2021. In the new power system, storage will be a critical link in the consumption of new energy sources and in the safety and security of the grid, on the side of power generation, on the side of the grid, on the side of the grid, on the side of the power supply, on the side of the power supply, on the side of the power supply, on the side of the electricity supply, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, as well as on the other side, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, in 2021.
On the side of power generation, forced storage has led to a demand surge. Since September 2020, when we introduced carbon neutrality and targets, storage policies have been intense. In 2021, heavy-pound documents from various storage industries have been published, pumping energy, new storage, etc.
The Bureau of Energy has requested a market-based allocation of 15% *4 hours of flexible resources. According to the latest Energy 14 Plan published by the provinces, the new wind light plan will exceed 700gw.
With the introduction of mandatory storage policies, the deployment of photovoltaic, centralized and wind power plants will increase dramatically, the power-contribution ratio and the length of storage will gradually increase, taking into account the current cost and efficiency advantages of electrical and chemical storage, as well as the longer life cycle of pumping storage.
On the overseas side, storage is growing faster than domestic, and will be driven by economic considerations and incentives to increase storage capacity rapidly. In 2021, countries like the United States, Europe, Australia, etc. are experiencing an outbreak of growth. We predict that power grid side storage, power-chemical storage, has an advantage. The power side storage can be used mainly to support peaking, FM, and backup.
Services, because of the large overlap between the demand for power grid side lifts and the power side storage functions discussed above, electrical chemical storage can be used less frequently for backup services, and this component mainly predicts the market space for its FM services.
Capable, and able to achieve positive-reverse-directional adjustment of power, FM is better than fire power and more economical. Based on the amount of electricity used and the load used, it is assumed that the frequency penetration rate of the electrochemical storage will gradually increase, and we predict that the future potential of the country ' s 2022-2025 user side storage will be great.
The high motivation of the distribution is due mainly to the high cost of electricity in the United States, which is three to four times higher than the price of electricity in the country, and the high economic value of the storage. On 29 July 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a Circular on the Further Improvement of the Timetime Price Mechanism, which sets the price difference between the price of the peak valley and the price difference between the four and three and the price difference between the price of the peak valley and the price difference between the price and the price of the peak valley in some parts of the country, which is 0.7 dollars.
The cost of storage energy has already been covered, stimulating the development of side storage capacity, and the country’s storage capacity penetration rate will gradually increase. There is also an accelerated trend in the global independent commercial storage market. We measure the global demand for power grid side by side from 20.7gwh, 35.5gwh, 52.1gwh, 78.9gwh, 2022-2025, respectively.
Taking into account the demand for storage energy from the power side, the user side, and the power side of the grid, the global electrical and chemical storage system is expected to decline to $1.3/wh in 2025, when the storage market space from the power system will reach $240 billion.
In 2021, the company achieved 13.6 billion yuan, or 601.01%, in sales of the storage system, which is an explosive growth. The company’s layout operations have been active for many years, and the production and technology of the phosphate lithium batteries have been pre-eminent worldwide, while the Koreans have had an advantage over the world.
The country, the European and American battery company, had previously focused on triple-dollar batteries, with relatively slow investment in lithium phosphate, and the brand, technology, and solution advantages accumulated in the field of storage power would enable the company to take the lead in sharing the growth of the global storage market. In 2021, the company led the focus on “smart grid technology and equipment” in a country-focused research and development program.
The project “Development and Application of New Lithium Battery Scale Technologies of 100mwh Classes” addressed 12,000 very long life cycles, the core technical difficulties of high-security storage-specific batteries: company based on long-lived core technology, liquid cooled ctp box technology, pushing out prefabricated in-house systems enerc, which are safe, land-based projection energy density, discharge efficiency, long-term reliability
In the domestic market, companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with companies such as China Energy Group, China Can build, China Power, the Tri-Federation Group, Sunshine Power, Artes, and Eaton, to sell their products out of 35 countries and regions of the world.
In the next two years, it is expected that the Ningde-era energy battery will break 50 gwh by 48 gwh in 2021, according to ggii, with 29 gwh in electrical storage cells; and 66.3 gwh in 2021, according to the global research institute, the World Institute of Research, vtank, and the Ive Economic Research Institute, will deliver 66.3 gwh in 2021.
Combined with an increase of 132.6 per cent, the share of domestic markets in the current stock availability in the Ninder era is more than one third, and more globally considering the domestic wind and wind power mix policy and the surge in the demand for overseas power storage plants, we believe that the power side storage capacity will lead to a sustained eruption, a build-up of demand for storage in other areas, such as communications and data centres, and a forecast of 2022-2024 in the Nender era.
Annual shipments will reach 36gwh, 50gwh, and 66gwh, which will become the company’s second performance driver. Thirdly, the competitive edge of the Ningde era, where R & D inputs are significantly higher than those of domestic counterparts.
With 7,691 million, an increase of 115.48 per cent, representing 5.9 per cent of revenue, profit and 673 offshore patents, the total number of in-country and offshore patents being applied is 5777. Battery power density is significant.
Around, the company can have a system energy density of up to 260wh/kg, or about 30%, through ctp, high nickel, high voltage, superfoil, etc. The research and development of third-generation ctp technology has been completed, and the key indicators of system weight, energy density and volume efficiency are now ahead. The first generation of sodium ion cells can have a core energy density of up to 160wh/kg (second-generation target 200wh/kg).
During the Ningde era, there was a deep-seated and well-stocked technology at the forefront of lithium power technology. The main issues were high-energy technology, long-lived technology, super-facilitating technology, real safety technology, self-controlled temperature technology, intellectual management technology.
Large innovation platforms that efficiently explore a system of electrochemical materials with higher performance, more reliable and more value-for-money, and that continue to produce a continuum of innovations in current products, intelligent senses, smart computing and intelligence in combination with three major R & D layouts.
High-fiscal energy technology: core energy density 330wh/kg Intellectual management technology: battery full cycle monitoring 24 hours a day, ctp technology, ctc technology, high nickel technology, high voltage technology
Core health monitoring, intelligent fast charge strategy, parameter real-time optimization, single core energy management, wireless bms, residual assessment, cloudside coordination, v2x
Self-controlled temperature technology: 4°C/min temperature rise 4°C/min power core short circuit, core temperature control, platforming, soc forward technology layout
Kilometres, low lithium yang, passivated cathode, imitation from repair, quick fixation, power compensation, cold-resistant graphite, cold-resistant.
Solve, microstructure design, expansionary self-adaptation, cathode, cold-resistant electrolysis, management, life compensation.
Real security technology: four-dimensional security protection, building space-class safety cells, super fast charge technology: five minutes to 80% power, temperature-resistant cathodes, safe coatings, high-security electrolytic fluids, space-grade heat resistance.
Ultraelectronic networks, graphite to the same person, superconductive electrolyte, high puncture, self-cooling, big data alert, diaphragms, multiple gradient polar fragments, multipolar ear, anode-level monitoring.
The technology layout covers the upstream fields of lithium batteries, and the main technologies are: ctp/ctc, etc., to increase the energy density of the cells, chocolate for power, sodium ion batteries, while companies have forward-looking layouts for new technology routes such as solid-state batteries, lithium metal batteries, cobalt-free batteries and lithium empty batteries.
ctp Technologies: The industry’s first tctp efficient grouping technology, which, by simplifying the modular structure, has led to a 20-30% increase in the volume of battery packages, a 40% reduction in the number of spare parts and a 50% increase in the efficiency of production. The domestic market’s tctp technology has been recognized by a number of mainframes, such as the Ninder era energy plant, the U.S. car, and the U.S. new energy plant.
The Ninder era is currently planning a second generation of platformed ctp battery systems and is planning to launch a municipal field application in 2022-2023, as well as a third generation of ctp battery technology for a full-system model from a00 to ad.
Scientist Wu Kai said at the 2022 World Power Batteries Conference, the high-end dialogue on "Yebin in the Clouds" that a third generation of the thong product of ctp would be released soon. The americium cell would add cold water to the middle of two cores, reducing the heat transmission of the two adjacent cores and not cause heat to get out of control: it would satisfy high voltage, and 4c would not be difficult to charge, as will be seen on the market next year:
Battery life can be greatly increased because of the buffering effect of cold hydrazine; the americium batteries can increase the use of space over energy, with the energy density of the phosphate lithium system 160wh/kg, with three-dollar high nickels of up to 250wh/kg, with 13% more electricity than the 4680 batteries.
. Unlike the traditional ctp (celltopack, battery pack), ctc omits the steps to assemble the core into a battery package and directly installs the core to the end plate. By 2025, the Ninder era plans to launch a fourth generation of integrated ctc batteries system, and is expected to upgrade to a fifth generation of smart ctc electric chassis systems around 2028.
Batteries are re-shuffled and integrated into a three-power system that optimizes power allocation and downscaling by smart power domain controllers and completes technological development by 2030. New energy cars with ctc technology can reduce their weight by 8%, power systems by at least 20%, extension miles by at least 40% to 1,000 km, and 100 km power consumption by 12 degrees.
Sodium ion cell energy density is at a leading level. In July 2021, Ninder took the lead in releasing the first generation of sodium ion cells, which have high energy density, high doubling charge, excellent thermal stability, good cryogenicity and high integration efficiency, and have a core single capacity density of 160wh/kg (the next generation R&D target is 200wh/kg or more), with a constant temperature of 15min.
Power can be as high as 80%, cool performance is good, system integration is more than 80%. With a different path in battery system integration, a solution for ab cell system has been developed, whereby sodium ion cells are combined with lithium ion batteries in a given proportion, integrated into the same battery system, with a balance control of different battery systems through bms precision algorithms. The first generation sodium ion is separated.
Sub-cells have started commercializing with car companies and storage customers. Sodium ion batteries can be used in manufacturing processes to achieve rapid conversion to lithium ion battery production equipment, perfect compatibility of the process, and production lines to complete rapid distribution of production capacity.
By changing to positive and negative material, the energy density of the first generation of cells in the Ningde era exceeded the global ceiling, and the second generation may introduce negative-polar technologies to further increase the energy density. The energy density of the second generation of sodium ion cells in the Nind era is known to be higher.
Sodium ion cells in different enterprises follow different technical routes. Sodium ion cells in the Nind era and Middle Cohaina are currently at a leading energy density.
With regard to the storage of solid-state battery technology, in January 2021 the company released two patents on solid-state batteries: “A solid-state electrolyte preparation method” and “A solid sulphide electrolyte and its preparation method.” One of the major advantages of the Ningde era is its ability to produce.
The capacity of 170gwh is expected to reach 400gwhh in 2022 and 670gwh in 2025, which will be a significant leader. In 2021, battery companies such as the Ninder era, Biadei, China Innovation, beehive energy and hundreds of millions of latitudes announced a number of expansion plans, while battery manufacturers expanded their capacity.
According to the latest forecast by ggii, global power cell output in 2025 will reach 1550 gwh, and combined global power cell and storage battery output will reach 1966 gwh.
The market share of the time was 30 per cent, taking into account factors such as maintenance of production-line equipment, process adjustments, product model switching, seasonal fluctuations in market demand, and the time lag between production and product delivery. In order to achieve the sale of 590 gwh in 2025, the company was able to produce 170.39 gwh of lithium ion batteries in 2021 of the Nender era, and the company was able to produce them.
The lithium ion battery production line, once it has been able to climb up the production capacity and operate steadily, will have a combined annual capacity of 260 gwh to 280 gwh. Since the launch of the Ningde era, the battery production base project has been announced, which is the base for the generation of batteries such as the official spring production base, the base for the production of the Gui An new district in Guizhou, the Xiangmen production base, and the Iobin manufacturing base 7 to 10 projects.
The total amount invested in the special capacity-building base project does not exceed 65.5 billion yuan, assuming that the corresponding capacity is approximately 218 gwh based on the investment intensity of around 300 million yuan/gwh. Meanwhile, the Nender-era grant-raising project will add an additional lithium ion battery with an annual capacity of about 135 gwh. The combined additional capacity is about 353 gwh, with an increase in capacity based on the current capacity of 280 gwh measured.
The Ningde era has been home to 10 production bases around the world, including Fujimingde, Fujian Xiamen, Jiang Su-yang, Qing Haixiing, Sichuan officials, Guangdong Zhaoqing, Shanghai port, Jiang Xi Chun, Gui An of Guizhou and Turingen of Germany, as well as the combined assets of the Car Enterprise, the Ningde era's total planned production capacity exceeds 670 gwh.
At present, in the area of lithium batteries, the most profitable and profitable in the Ningde era is in the area of lithium batteries. The increase in the profitability of the lig new energy generation is the strongest, and it is possible to challenge the market position of the Ningde era in combination with corporate customer advantage and the number of hand orders;
The power cells in Biadi are expected to increase their share of the market further as production capacity increases rapidly and external supplies advance. The profitability of the Ninder era is largely due to its cost advantages.
Lithium acid materials, in the middle-stream lithium equipment and storage equipment, in the downstream stages of the car, car chips, charging services, battery recovery, etc., locking in key resource supplies and prices through investment in equity, joint ventures, long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long Agreement stability, and keeping the company stable at the Māori rate in the context of high raw material prices.
Good cost control. Company sales cost in 2021 was 3.35%, a decrease of 1.06 ptt in the same year; management cost was 2.58%, a decrease of 0.93 ptt in the same year; sales, management, R & D, financial cost were 11.34% in total, a decrease of 2.25 pt in the same year.
In the area of motor vehicles, power-cell packages are highly concentrated, and the Ninder era is the main source of support for most autonomous cars, new power companies, and joint ventures.
The advantage of new energy sources is most pronounced, with a greater potential for external supply than Yadi; and, secondly, a greater reliance on single-car companies by two or three-line battery companies, coupled with greater elasticity of performance. As a global power cell tap, the power cell load of 2021 in Ningde grew by 132%.
The domestic market has reached 49.53%. Carloads cover mainstream domestic cars, as well as Tesla, Volkswagen, BMW, Beijing Benz, Volkswagen, Toyota, Modern Beijing, Upper Air General, etc.
Being its first customer, 13.91gwh was installed in 2021, accounting for 19% of the total power installed in 2021 in the Ningde era. At the same time, the Nind era became the core supplier of Tesla, with a national model 3-car supply exceeding 80% and a supply framework agreement signed with Tesla in June 2021 agreeing that the company would supply Tesla with its products between 2022 and 2025.
We believe that the sound accounting treatment policies of the Ningde era have enabled firm corporate performance and a significant portion of profits to be “hidden”, mainly in terms of full costing of R & D expenditure, faster depreciation policies than peer levels, conservative calculations of projected liabilities, etc.
By comparing the financial indicators of companies in the target industry, we measure the elasticity of profits at industry averages in the Ningde era, and by the average rate of capitalization of R & D, depreciation policy and projected liabilities in 2021, it is expected that there will be nearly 4 billion R & D investments at full cost.
In comparison with other companies in the industry, the rate of capitalization of R & D inputs was 44.8 per cent in 2021 and remained above 25 per cent in almost four years; in 2021, the rate of capitalization of R & D inputs was 12.6 per cent, 24.8 per cent in Biadi and 5 per cent in billion latitudes (the main consumer of lithium).
We measure the profit elasticity of the Ningde era by 20% of the average industry R & D investment rate, which will bring considerable profit elasticity to the Ningde era. In 2021, R & D spending of $7,691 million and R & D investment of 20% will be 15 times more aggressive than other firms in the same industry, using a more aggressive depreciation policy to pre-empt costs and depreciate time.
Depreciation in the Ninder era was much higher than that of other companies in the same industry. Depreciation in 2019-2020 was more than 23% of the fixed asset ratio, mainly with higher capital spending after 2017, and companies set up early power cell production in 2019.
The depreciation period changed from five years to four years. Horizontally, the depreciation rate for the Ningde era was much higher than for comparable companies, and in 2021 it was more favourable than for the Ningde era, Xinwangda, Lithium at 100 million latitudes, Mandarin High School, Moose Technology, Peng Fui Energy, with a depreciation rate of 14.4%, 10.9%, 9.0%, 8.3%, 5.7%, 13.2%.
Through faster depreciation than the industry (assuming six years), the Ningde era was more profitable than other companies. In 2021, $4.98 billion was raised in depreciation (five years) for machinery and equipment of the Ningde era, assuming that $4.15 billion was accrued under industry policy (six years) and that the projected liabilities were mainly after-sale combined service charges and return on sales.
The amount of $9.95 billion, including $6.82 billion for after-sales and $3.13 billion for return sales. The prudential measure for after-sales services provides a large margin of profit elasticity.