Deeply tied core clients, and the Ninder era is expected to continue to grow in global city occupancy, and the Ninder era (300,750.sz.) is expected to remain the first battery supplier option for most mainstream cars in the future.
In 2021, due to rapid demand-side growth, high-quality battery production capacity in the Ningde era was in short supply, and cars accelerated their targeting with other battery companies outside the Ningde era. The market was worried about whether other battery companies would take their share of the Ningd era market, or even whether some of them would make their own batteries.
Other battery providers outside the Ninder era can secure their supply chains, while strengthening their industry’s bargaining power appropriately. But, based on Ninder’s technological capabilities, product cost control, and multi-way deep binding, the Ninder era is still expected to be our first battery supplier for many companies.
In keeping with previous profit projections, the company ' s net return profit from the 2022-2024 period is expected to be the first supplier of most of the core domestic and foreign car companies in the Ningde era, with high-quality and fragmented customers.
For example, the core customers overseas are BMW, the public, Mercedes, psa, Renault, etc.. Of the top 10 new energy cars selling worldwide, except for Biade and upper-air Mitsubishi, the Ningde era was its core battery supplier, and the customers themselves were of high quality and good growth. And according to the Ningde customer structure, except Teslajan.
In addition to 15-20% of the volume, other customers accounted for less than 10% of the volume in the Ninder era, and in the other nuclear cell companies, the top three clients accounted for more than 50%. The Ninder age client structure is fragmented and high-quality.
The battery plant and the car company jointly built the plant to lock in capacity and enhance the depth of the chain. A number of traditional cars in the country (upwind, east wind, wide gas, Gilly, and single gas, etc.) jointly built the plant with the Ninder era between 2017 and 2019. The joint venture, in essence deep-seated, shared the industrial growth dividend.
More than a dozen car companies signed long orders with the Ningde era, especially overseas ones that are usually 5 to 10 years old, with a long and stable partnership. We believe that the Ningde era’s global city share is or will continue to rise for: (1) technological advantage; (2) cost advantage; and (3) high-quality production capacity to meet customer needs.
1. The Ninder era and other battery plants are the most fragmented than the client structure, and are the first battery suppliers for both domestic and foreign nuclear car companies, 1.1, and the first battery suppliers for both domestic and foreign core new energy companies.
In 2021, the Nender era was marked by a global installation of 96.7gwh, with domestic loading 80.51gwh, overseas 16.19gwh. Domestic loading was 83.26% and overseas 16.74%. Core domestic clients (in order of load) were Tesla, Uri, Peng, North and South, Gilly, ideal cars, East Wind, Wall.
Tesla was the first customer in the Ningd era and delivered much more than other customers. When Tesla purchased Ningd's proxy core in 2021, the total purchase cost was about $13 billion, of which the average price was 0.6-0.7 yuan, assuming 0.65/wh.
The sales of batteries to Tesla are about 20 gwh, except for Tesla, where the sales to the second largest customers in the Ningde era are within 10 gwh, and where the supply to Tesla in the Ningde era is far more than the other cars. About 70% of the cars at the Tsla Shanghai factory in 2021 were in the form of lithium, all supplied by the Ninges era.
The three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-way version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the three-digit version of the product produced by the plant in the Shanghai plant in Tesla in 2021, produced by the three-year version of the three-year version of the three-year version of the product.
The number of cell batteries used in the early use of Tesla cells is in the direction of the cylinders. Tesla was first supplied with a loose supply (for the period 2004-2008).
Small cylindrical batteries, mainly due to the fact that the 1865 cells under the loose are very mature and stable and have chosen to assemble thousands of single batteries, although the tests on bms were greater, were certainly more robust at the time than the other power cells. As the power cells developed, the 1865 batteries were gradually upgraded to 21,700 batteries, Tesla-based.
Tesla’s core goal is to lower sales, the Nind era’s high-quality and low-priced Güntherite battery, and Tesla’s home-grown rectangular lithium batteries. The whole idea of Tesla’s plant in Shanghai is to fight.
Building more pro-people cars, allowing sales to quickly go up to a step, achieves the scale effect of car manufacturing. Based on China’s consumers’ ability to consume, there is an urgent need for a drop.
The Ninder era is expected to remain at the top of the Tesla battery supply system, relying on battery technology. From the point of view of the battery factory ' s profit/car cost, the average price of a battery sold to Tesla is lower than the average price of a battery sold to another company, and the unit is profitable or less than the other company ' s project.
Try to supply Tesla with batteries, or it's a bigger challenge in terms of battery profitability. The Ningdre-era battery technology advantages, combined with the cost advantages, are expected to maintain its primacy in the Tesla battery supply system.
Two major customers, and one of the most stable ones. We use three-dollar batteries, which are now the exclusive supply of batteries in the Ninder era. As of 2022, the latest announcement from the Ministry of Communications is that the supply of batteries in the U.S. car was supplied with a core from the Ninder era, including the three-dollar/lfp mix of batteries in the latest bulletins.
In 2021 and before, the Ningde era was the sole source of the Ping era's electric battery pool, which has been gradually introduced to many battery suppliers since 2021 and remains the Ningde era's Ping era.
The car's lithium one supply, the billion-latitude lithium supply, the three-dollar battery, the transition from the Ningde era to the Middle-Innovation voyage, and the two-dollar supply of the same billion-latitude lithium power. We believe that the Ningd era still holds the promise of maintaining the status of one supply within the miniature system: (1) the sales of the same model of lithium sales are higher than the three-dollar version; and (2) the ping is the first in the Ningde era.
One of the main clients of second-generation ctp, second-generation ctp, has significantly enhanced the competitiveness of p7, and we believe that against the background of Biadi's roll-out of ctb hot-gate seals, pelicans will work together on second-to-third-generation ctp applications with the Ning Germany era.
Mid-Innovation, the Catlinder era, the main supplier of pelican lithium.
North and South are the central clients of the Ningde era in 2021. The id4 and id6 electric vehicles that the public is selling domestically are based mainly on the meb platform, which is a private modular platform created by the public for new energy models, and which was created in 2018, and which is designed mainly for daily commuters of household users, so...
The id series under the popular flag, including id.3, id.4x/crozz, id.6x/crozz, Skodavisioniv (pre-natal), Seattlel-borm (pre-natal), Audi q4e-tron (to be listed), q5e-tron and even Audi e-transportback (import) are all based on meb platforms.
Three ncm 811 batteries, with a single energy density of up to 245wh/kg. Domestically, at the quality, safety, etc. of the ncm 811 core, the Ningde era is still ahead of other power battery manufacturers and is expected to maintain its position as a three-dollar battery supply under the North-South Meb platform.
Figure 4: The pure power platforms currently being used by the public include meb, j1 and pe (mlb is a platform for medium- and high-end fuel cars) are expected to remain the ideal single-cell supply for cars in the Ningde era in the last two years.
But the ideal one has 40.5 degrees of motor power, the ideal l9 has slightly increased to 44.5 degrees, using three-dollar batteries supplied by the Ninder era. Cooperation with the ideal car has been stable, and the price of batteries has been relatively “fair” at this time of the Ningde era, when the price of the ideal car has been relatively low.
For the next two years, the ideal car will remain the exclusive supply of the ideal car battery. Figure 5: The ideal car will be launched in 2023 on the basis of the walle/sark pure power platform, with overseas car companies, the best advantage of the Ninder era now being Mercedes, BMW, and the general public.
Most of them are US cars, European cars (represented by German), Japanese cars, Koreans. Japan and Koreans, based on their own strong battery companies, are now mainly working with their own battery plants, and have been involved in the Ninder era, but their participation is limited. US cars are involved in international relations with China.
In 2012, the Ningde era’s dominant car companies were concentrated in European car companies, especially the German triads (Benz, BMW, BMW) and BMW, which were the central customers of the early Ningde era’s development. As early as 2012, the Ningde eras implemented China one by one.
BMW's power cell production standard became the first BMW power cell supplier. BMW signed a 4 billion euro bill in 2018 and BMW signed with Nender in 2019, raising the order further from 4 billion euros to 73 billion euros (Euro4.5 billion for BMW in Europe, Euro 2.8 billion for BMW in China, and the contract term from 2020.
The BMW is now the first major battery supplier in the BMW, with the exception of the Ningde era, which has a billion-dollar long list, and a billion-latitude lithium energy (48v battery system, used to mix cars). Benz power cell suppliers include, among others, the Ningde era, moor energy technology, and sk. The Ningde era is now a Mercedes.
The company announced a new generation of high-energy-density batteries for g-glass to be marketed around 2025, and the Benz-Ninder era continued to work together in leading battery technology. In addition to the Ninder era, Mercedes's electric motors were supplied mainly by frusky technology and sk.
The Ningde era is the core supplier to the public at home. The current global suppliers are Ningde, lg, Europe’s current supply, sdi, Europe’s current supply, nonthvolt, ski, America’s current supply.
In 2021, the Ningde era was fully immersed in the areas of passenger vehicles, buses and special vehicles.
q1, the Ningde era accounted for more than 50% of the country’s three players, 52.8% of all cars, and in the area of passenger cars, the Ningde era has also achieved full coverage of the country’s new power companies, traditional cars, and overseas Europe, Japan, and South Korea.
The Great Wall cars, the Cheonan cars, the Euro-Americans, the Tesla, the public, the BMW, and the Japanese-Korean company Honda, modern are all long-term clients of the Ninder era.
In 2021, the top three clients accounted for only 37.16%, far below other battery manufacturers in and out of the country, and the client structure was very good. As the first customer in 2021, Tesla accounted for only 21% of Ningde's total capacity.
Relying on one or more mainframe plants, fully reflects the flexibility of the Nender-era client structure, and gives Ninder-era a certain bargaining power. At the same time, the Ninder-era, by exporting solutions to different customers, received positive feedback from the entire garage, constantly improving research and development thinking and optimizing product design.
The client structure has also received a virtuous circle. Figure 8: The ratio of the three top clients in the Ningde era was only 37.16 per cent.2 Multi-channel depth of core clients
2.1 Joint ventures with car companies, deep-seated core clients. The Ninder era joint ventures with multiple car companies have been set up to develop long-term stable cooperation.
51 per cent) with the GVA (51 per cent shareholding in the Ningde era) and with the East Wind (50 per cent share in the Ningd era). The Ningd era, by establishing joint ventures with car companies, raised the precarious supply-demand relationship between the two sides to long-term cooperation as a way of developing long-term and stable cooperation with suppliers.
Table 8: In the Ninder era, a joint venture with a number of car companies, in the form of a joint venture, the battery company and the car company share profits, risk sharing, and the two sides are better off. The joint venture in charge of the battery system, because of battery bags and bms, will ultimately decide.
The power of electric vehicles and their continuation, and the company’s different models require the development of a variety of battery systems to match them. Car companies have the advantage of doing related work.
Joint ventures focus on high-quality cores. This model of joint ventures creates a bond of profit-sharing and risk-sharing between car and power cell companies, which ensures that each side’s strengths are better utilized.
106.6gwh, increasing the efficiency of investment in building productive capacity through joint ventures with car companies. In 2021, the capacity of five joint ventures in the Ningde era was about 27gwh, and by 2023, the combined capacity of the joint ventures was expected to be 82.6gwh, with a large share of direct supply of the entire garage to ease the pressure on the battery demand of the entire plant.
Unreleased, and after the expected completion of the climb and full release of the production capacity, the supply of car cores in the Ningde era, under the flag, is accelerating from the Ningde era to the times. At present, gas production is abundant, and in addition to direct supply to the mainframe plant, it is active in opening up other users.
The number of vehicles installed was about 3.99gwh, an increase of 149.38% in the same year, and the domestic market ranked 6th, with 2.85% in the city. On the back of the steam system, the gas was used to create external customers such as the ideal car, the new energy source, in addition to the conglomerates of Shanghai automobiles, the upper gas utility, the upper gas public, and the upper gas traffic.
The establishment of a joint venture has further advanced the development of battery technology in the Ningde era. The Ningde era, through the establishment of a joint venture with the entire car factory, has further deepened its technical exchanges, and the joint venture usually gives priority to in-house technology for the benefit of Ningde.
The replacement of technology from a car-wide perspective, which sets the foundation for the Ninder era to drive battery cores, is now delivered over 1,000 kilometres from the "silicon-suggested lithium" core, which was developed jointly by the upper gas and the Ninder era.
2.2 The Ninder era has a bigger list and a more medium- and long-term share, and the Ninder era has a number of long sheets, with a bright number of international orders. Since 2021, the Ninder era has been locked up, with several long lists, including the Zhejiang Vision 57gwh, under the Chili flag, and the US Fisker Corporation combined for three years.
15 gwh orders, U.S. commercial electric cars orders, five-year orders for the new energy source, four-year orders for Tesla, 10-year long-term strategic cooperation agreements with the Wall, seven-year orders for Mercedes commercial vehicles, and increased supply of BMWs, the general public, modernity, Rolls, etc. The international company’s choice to work with China’s power cell industry has become apparent.
The Ninder era, as an in-house leader, saw more and more orders from the sea and beyond, and more cooperation with one line of cars. Multiple long orders were not only locked in advance.
The current production capacity of the Dingingde era, which promotes its positive expansion, and the recognition of the quality of the products that have been cultivated for many years in the Ningde era and of solid business capabilities, further consolidates its industrial leader.
2.3.1. In the same car, the batteries supplied in the Ningde era are more efficient than their peers.
The power density of the battery system supplied in the Ningde era was 126 (wh/kg) better than that of the peer 125 (wh/kg) and the ready mass of the installed 1895kg better than that of the peer 1925 kg.
Figure 10: Higher battery energy density and lower overall vehicle quality supplied by Ninder, Figure 11: Increase in whole vehicle quality by 30kg small p 5460 series in the context of other suppliers ' supply batteries, with better battery performance in the Ninder era. Energy density of battery systems supplied in the Ninder era
140wh/kg, better than the peer 135wh/kg, better prepared 2055kg than the peer 2110kg. Figure 12: Battery energy density of 140wh/kg in the p5 Nender era, figure 13: p5 energy density of 135wh/kg supplied by other battery suppliers
Small p. 5550 series, with better battery performance in the Ningde era. The power density of batteries in the Ningde era is 170 (wh/kg) better than that of peers 160 (wh/kg) and the preparation quality 1715kg better than that of peers 1725 kg. Small pingg 3520 series, with better performance in the Ningde era. The battery density in the Ningde era is 170 (wh/kg) better than the same.
Line 160 (wh/kg). 2.3.2, high-end brands of cars choose the Ningde era, with high batteries in high-end brands.
The high-end branding of batteries under the flag of a domestic tram company, published in the fourth batch of the Industry and Communications Department ' s Recommended Vehicle Catalogue for the Extension of New Energy Motors, found that the Ninder era was the main choice for the high-end branding model.
The Ningde era was a breakthrough in electrochemical technology, leading to the release of the first generation of sodium ion batteries. The Ningde era was the first to launch sodium ion cells with the advantages of high energy density, high-multiplier charge, excellent thermal stability, good cryogenicity and high integration efficiency. Sodium ion cells can be perfectly compatible with lithium cell equipment, process, production lines, etc.
The conversion costs are low, and the production line can be quickly switched. The first generation of sodium ion batteries is expected to cycle more than 3,000 times (equivalent to three dollars). There is also more than 90% discharge retention in the 20 °c cold-temperature environment. System accumulation can be 80% or more, and heat stability is far greater than the security requirements of the country.
In September 2020, the Ningde era led by 811 products. The Ningde era was dedicated to building a high-level energy system for safety design, with 1,000 km corresponding.
The Ningde era is leading in efficient grouping technology. The Ningde era introduced the third-generation ctp technology, the maximum reduction of the battery pack inside, the sideboards, the floorboards, the wire beams, the inter-modules.
Fixed, non-necessary beams, beams, etc.. Simplified modular structures result in a 15-20% reduction in the volume of battery bags, a 40% reduction in the number of spare parts, and a 50% increase in the efficiency of production.
Combine at a certain scale, and integrate into the same battery system, with the Bms precision algorithms for balancing the different battery systems. The most significant light point for the latest car declaration is the declaration of two battery systems carrying three-dollar batteries and three-dollar/lfp mixed batteries, indicating that the Trinity +lfp mixed battery technology is in the production phase.
By the end of 2021, the number of research and development personnel in the Ninder era had reached 1,079, or 12.06% of the total number of employees, and the cost of research and development in the Ningde era was RMB 7.7 billion for the same period.
The cost of R & D is much larger than that of their peers. 2.4, Ningde-era products have a cost advantage. Ningde-era products have a cost advantage.
Reduction in unit depreciation costs: (2) material purchases are large and involve joint ventures, long sheets, JAGs, etc., with various links to raw materials plants, and the purchase price has advantages: (3) the upstream end of the integrated layout, with advantages in the field of metal raw materials; (4) layout recovery, with recycling of the industrial chain.
2.5. The Ningde era gradually released high-quality capacity to meet clients’ needs The Ningde era prepared relatively adequate capacity for downstream customers. The effective capacity of the Ningde era was over 300gwh+ in 2022.
In 2021, the Division added two new projects, Sichuan Yiben Base 5-10, Jiangsu Base 4 and Fu Ding and Ping City Times, both located in Ningde, covering 200+gwh, and the overall progress of major projects, which are still in the process of rapid expansion.
We expect a net return profit of 39.9 billion yuan in 2023 in the Ningde era. The core assumption for the profit scenario is that, overall, we believe, the Ningde era is still likely to maintain a home-grown market share, while raising the global market share.
(1) Technology leads on the basis of innovation in the material system (manganese lithium, sodium ion batteries, silicon-based negative poles, pet copper plating, etc.), innovation in the structure of the system (ctp technology, next-generation ctc technology), innovation in the production of the limits (improving production efficiency, guaranteeing full life-cycle reliability and reducing the safety and inefficiency of the core). (2) Cost leads on the basis of upstream investment by companies,
Industrial chain layout, scale-based procurement and manufacturing. The Ninder era is still firmly anchored in these two core advantages, and is accompanied by a new round of new technologies and upstream layouts, with a leading advantage or more evident. We expect that the Ninder era will continue to be the first option for many cars to sell more batteries at a more “fair” price. We maintain this.
Companies lose core clients, competition increases and downstream demand falls short of expectations.