Quarterly review 2022: Cost shock q1 profit burden, price shift to joint q2 quick fix
q1 battery production is booming and the global rate is newly high and is expected to double over the year. According to Sne Division q1 global installed 33.3gwh, the city's share has risen to 35%, considering the need for advance stocking and storage by car companies, we expect q1 batteries to produce 60gwh+, the ring has increased slightly, and the output is 50gwh+.
The same ring ratio +165/-15%, with 45gwh power cell, with a storage capacity of 5gwh. The impact of the epidemic will result in a significant increase in the sales of q3 and q4 rings during the season, with the projected annual volume of exports of 280-290gwh, more than doubling, with storage expected to reach 40gwh.
Lithium, cobalt, nickel, etc., began to rise early last year, and has soared since last quarter, with raw material m-1 pricing methods and inventory effects, and cost increases concentrated on the impact of the price increases.
q1 this year, we measure the cost of q1 $3523pack at $0.89/wh (excluding $M/wh, the cost of q4 is expected to increase by only 1-3 points/wh). q1 is in price negotiations with the car company, the average price of q1 is expected to remain largely unchanged, and the q1 power cell ratio is down by 10 pct.
"Ninger Times" (300,750): 2021
Indonesia has increased its investments in lithium and nickel, respectively, to contribute to long-term precipitation and to safeguard the supply of resources. The Division focuses on basic research and development, technological innovation in leading batteries, the world’s largest share, and looks forward to sustained growth.
The price is $605.52, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Battery output has increased by the same year, cost increases have resulted in a boom in q1 battery production and a new global market share, which is expected to increase more than double throughout the year.
Sne Calculator q1 has a global load of 33.3gwhh, with the city increasing to 35%. Considering the demand for pre-positioning and storage by car companies, we expect the company q1 batteries to produce 60gwh+, the ring slightly increased, the delivery volume 50gwh+, the ring ratio 55-60gwh, the q3 production recovery and the sale of electric vehicles in the second half of the year, and we expect q3 and q4 sales.
The price of the q1 battery has remained largely unchanged, while the price of raw materials has dropped significantly. Lithium carbonate, nickel, cobalt equivalents have risen sharply since 2021q4, but because raw material purchases are priced in a m-1 way and company costs are recognized to be weighted and averaged to smooth costs, we expect the raw materials used by the company to be averaged two months ago.
The actual cost of lithium carbonate, cobalt metal and nickel metal is projected to be 25.4/41.4/139,000 and the ring ratio is Māori. On a combination of these, we estimate R$0.89/wh (excluding taxes) for R$523pack for 2022q1, R$0.12/wh, R$0.69/wh for phosphate lithium pack, and R$0.1/wh for phosphate, which is a very high cost increase.
Higher than 2021q4 (triple and lithium 0.01/wh), with an average q1 battery cost of 0.72/wh, with an increase of 0.1/wh over the ring. And 2022q1 is in the middle of a price deal with the car company, with only a portion of the company price rising, and we q2 are starting a rapid recovery in metal connection pricing.
523pack cost of $1.05/wh (excluding taxes), ring increase of $0.16/wh, phosphate lithium pack cost of 0.8/wh, ring increase of $0.11/wh, further increase of q1, combined battery cost of $0.83/wh, ring increase of 0.12/wh. At the end of March, the company made a price increase for the company’s car business, with the pricing model largely adjusted to the original.
The price of upstream materials is now stable and small, the price of HFC-dimension fluids in midstream materials has begun to adjust, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to improve. As a result of rising raw materials prices, the revenue from lithium-based electricity services has increased consistently, and integration has accelerated.
The business of lithium 2022q1 received $5.9 billion, an increase of 250% in the same year, a marginal decline of 5% in the ring, and we expect the business of lithium to remain essentially at its 2021 level, given the increase in raw materials prices, company sales and higher revenue. Considering the new production capacity of the pre-Bumpellers, the recovery operations are expanding, adding up to the blue sky invested in Indonesia.
In addition, the company announced its intention to invest in a power cell industry chain project in Indonesia, including fire, humid nickel smelting, battery recovery, battery materials, etc., and acquired in the Spring era by the company’s controlling subsidiary.
The right to prospecting in Jiang Xi Yi-chun ceramic soil (with lithium) corresponds to more than 6 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate, the large reserves of resources and the continued growth of corporate income from other businesses, which are expected to remain at a high Māori rate. The business includes technology licensing fees, waste disposal, R & D services, etc., and we expect to collect $1.9 billion in q1 other operations in 2022, an increase of 22 per cent.
The Māori rate is expected to be around 44%, and we expect that it will be mainly due to higher R&D costs in the face of rising raw materials prices. As companies continue to strengthen their cooperation with downstream car factory technology development, we expect the business to grow steadily in the future, with Māori rates expected to remain 60% + in 2022.
q1 The overall cost rate has increased marginally over time, with a significant increase in the recognized size of the cost. Total corporate costs have declined over the period 2022q1, and the increase in contract liabilities has been reflected in sufficient hand orders. The company ' s inventory at the end of q1 was $61,578 million in 2022, an increase of 53.18 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, including an increase in goods in transit as a result of the growth in overseas shipments, as well as an increase in goods in transit.
Net cash flows from company q1 operations in 2022 amounted to $7.076 billion, a decrease of 35.48 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to higher upstream material prices, resulting in an increase in corporate funds for enhancing supply-chain security; net cash flows from investment activities amounted to $16.465 billion, an increase of 86.82 per cent from the same year; the company continued to expand its capacity and increased its cash expenditure on investment in capacity-building; and cash on the books was
The Division ' s derivative financial liabilities of $1.8 billion, and the cash flow hedge reserve of $1.2 billion in other combined proceeds, mainly due to large-scale hedging, o1 does not affect the income statement, effective hedging entry costs and the overall impact is manageable. 2022q1 inventories have grown significantly, and are expected mainly to contribute from stock commodities and delivery, and stock commodities are issued on a basis consistent with stock availability.
Some of the company’s key raw materials are also being prepared to increase inventories. Inventory is acquired at real cost, and raw materials, stocks, etc. are issued using a weighted average method. o1 metal prices are rising rapidly, negative, and stock q1 is rising, so that the new low price inventory q1 is purchased at high prices.
Accounting is prudent, q1 still accounts for inventory impairments, which affect part of the profits of the quarter, and will wash back after the sale of the inventory.For reasons of prudence, inventories are prepared on a roll-over basis based on the age of the stock, and inventory costs are higher than their net realizable value.
In 2021, the company made $2 billion worth of stock loss losses, but it made $800 million worth of impairment losses. The disclosure rules are known that in 2021, the main items were stock and distribution. We expect the raw materials prices to be fast.
In the event of an increase, company o1 still accounts for the loss of stock prices. Referring to the previous period’s rates of withdrawals, we expect inventory prices to be about $1 billion for goods in stock and for goods delivered at a rate of 5 per cent, and accounting is prudent, affecting the profits of a quarter, but will run back after the product is sold.
(Note: The crediting ratio = additional impairment/stock balances in the current period, reversion ratio = excess expected balance in preparation for the current reversion/fall price) is hedged to cover future requirements for raw materials such as nickel, aluminium, copper, lithium, cobalt, etc. The maximum amount of security (including the deposit holding the amount of the letter from the financial institution) does not exceed RMB 11 billion; for the United States, the maximum amount required is RMB 11 billion;
Foreign exchange hedging operations are carried out in currencies such as won, euro, yen, and Canadian dollars, and the maximum amount of security required for such operations (including the amount of security that occupies the amount of credit granted by the financial institution) does not exceed the RMB 8 billion or the equivalent of other foreign currency amounts.
A well-developed hedging business management system and internal control system, with matching bank credit levels, has been put in place to help avert and guard against the business risks posed to companies by commodity and foreign exchange price fluctuations.
There is little likelihood of moving into other comprehensive earnings subject under the arbitrage accounting standards, followed by the effective hedging partial entry into the cost line.The company ' s derivative financial liabilities of $1,2201 million, and the cash flow hedging reserve of other combined gains amounting to -1.180 billion, mainly for bulk commodity metals.
The loss is a valid hedging portion, which, as a cash flow hedging reserve, should be accounted for in other composite gains (owners ' rights and benefits) and the benefit or loss from the hedging tool, which is an invalid hedging element (i.e., netting off other gains or losses after taking into account other consolidated gains), should be accounted for in the current period. Therefore, the company ' s hedging tool does not affect the current profit statement.
Instead, it takes into account the liability, equity, etc., where futures are levelled and delivered, the effective hedging component affects the profit and loss statement in a cost-effective manner. Through Bump, the company has a nickel smelting energy layout in Indonesia, four kref lines are successfully operational, the company has a normal means of avoiding risk, has sufficient off-the-shelf hedges, and the company has a 22-year insurance guarantee of $19 billion.
Far above the current hedging scale, we expect that the risk of forced siloing will be small, with less impact on the profit-and-loss statement. In the Ningde era, investment returns of 2022.1 million yuan were $461 million, a year-on-year high, with a major increase in the contribution of the lithium industry, which is expected to generate high returns in 2022.
The company, the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , the company , and the company .
Billion dollars, we measure that the lithium industry can contribute $500 million in return for investment, growing rapidly in the same year when lithium prices rise; In 2022, lithium prices are projected to be high, and we expect high profits in the lithium industry to be sustainable, and with the completion of the second phase of 15,000 tons of hydrogen oxygen and the ability to climb, q2 production is expected to grow 30% per cent per cent per year, and the q2 return on investment in the Ninder era is expected to be sustainable.
Capital spending has increased steadily, and production capacity planning has stagnated. The capital expenditure of 2022q1 is $11.6 billion. 4. Speed up upstream nickel, cobalt, lithium resources. Technology research and development leads the industry, looking at the company.
In the Nender era, price hikes were slower than in the second-line battery plant, and low-priced stocks were shrunk, causing cost increases to affect a single sign of sex. Most of the Ninder eras had lock price agreements with downstream customers, and car companies had paid advances.
In the case of low-cost stocks and lithium carbonate sheets, Ningde's resilience was still strong at the end of 2021, so Ningde did not over-adjusted prices in 2022 q1 for the sake of industry stability, price transmission was slower than for second-line battery companies, mainly at the company's own expense, with a build-up of q1 lithium carbonate overmarket expectations, and the advantage of low-cost inventory costs.
The downscaling, resulting in higher costs, is a one-time reflection of the decline of the company’s Māori Ring by 11 pct, 13 pct, which is roughly consistent with the industry. Research and development inputs are higher than overseas, and new technologies are well stocked, creating a technological advantage.
2.568 billion yuan, or 211.4 per cent more, and 5.3 per cent of R & D costs, a decline of 0.89 pct, a decline of 0.16 pct, a decrease of 0.16 pct, a high-level level. Leg, because the q1 audit financial report has not yet been disclosed, is a historical figure that suggests that the Ningde era is ahead of the lig chemical plate.
New technologies, such as power switching solutions, new technological routes, such as solid-state batteries, have been laid out and are progressing well, with the release of first generation sodium ion batteries and the completion of ab battery system that combines lithium ion with sodium ion, the completion of third generation ctp technology, and the development of a no-heat diffusion technology. Companies are applying radical, high nickel, manganese lithium, silicon carbon in their material systems.
Negative poles, pet bronze aluminum, etc. are among the first to develop applications that will lead to industry-wide development. As the world’s leading new energy, innovation and technology company, companies continue to promote four major innovation systems, such as building materials, system structures, capping manufacturing, and business models, as one of the important initiatives to maintain core competitiveness, and we expect that corporate technological leadership will be sustained over the long term.
Ninder increases the distribution of lithium, nickel resources, and secures the supply chain. Recently, the company’s subsidiary, with an offer of $865 million, successfully took the right to explore ceramic soil (with lithium) in the pits of Ie Fong County, Jiangxi Province, with an estimate of more than 6 million tons of lithium equivalent carbonate; in addition, the company invested $11 million (49% of shares) in an investment with the Indonesian antam
Ninder’s deep layout on the industrial chain will help to secure its critical resource supply and further increase its profitability. For the first year of the Central and Eastern European new model, we expect global sales of electric vehicles to reach 10 million, which is still guaranteed.
With a 60% + growth, with the accelerated penetration of electric power, the collapse of the storage capacity, the high rise in lithium electricity in 2022, and a further increase in the global share of domestic lithium taps. So, we expect to benefit from domestic market outbreaks and global purchases, we expect the company's battery output to reach 290gwhh in 2022, double that of the power market.
250gwh, which is expected to reach 40gwhh for two years in a row. Since companies have entered the global mainstream supply chain and have mostly gained a major supply position, there is much room for future growth.