Analysis of financial highlights of the Ninder era contemporaryemperextechnology (300,750ch) 21&22q1: Māori retention, looking at improved long-term profitability
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
(pleaseeseappendix1forenglishsummary) I. Corporate 22q1 lost as a result of empty nickel? Corporate 21-year publicity hedging tool disclosure rules are as follows: gains or losses from hedging tools are part of the hedging effect as cash
A hedge reserve for other combined gains. Part of the hedging (i.e., netting off other gains or losses after taking into account other combined gains) is included in the current gain or loss. For example, assuming that company q1 uses 1,000 tons of nickel, with 1,000 tons in futures, all of the 1,000 tons are valid and the gains or losses are entered into the balance sheet, without prejudice to profits; but if 2,000 tons are hedged, the excess of 1,000 tons is surplus, with a gain or loss.
The 21-year report shows an effective partial loss of $770 million and an invalid partial loss of $1.18 billion; the 22-year quarterly report shows a valid partial loss of $1.18 billion, with no breakdown of the invalid portion of the investment return, but the total is positive. Thus, there may be a loss on tenure in the first quarter of the 22-year period, but there is a risk of an increase in the return on other investments, but only that the total return on the investment is positive and not significant.
We analyse from two angles: one, cash flow, two, inventory. Ideally, raw materials purchased in the current period would be used in the current period, zero inventory, no notes, etc. (Ninder may be settled mainly on paper, but the notes and accounts payable will not see a quarterly period, only a point of time, and it will not be possible to compare cash paid for goods, services, etc.)
This is similar to the current operating costs (which, of course, are more accurate with direct materials, but no disaggregated quarterly data are available, and the company ' s 21-year direct materials account for 84 per cent of the operating costs). Since the beginning of 21q4, the company ' s operating costs are greater than cash payments and more purchases than use, indicating that the company is using the raw materials in its inventory.
Business costs are much smaller than cash payments, and use is much smaller than purchasing, indicating that the stock of raw materials accumulated at this stage. 21q4 operating costs again exceed the cash payments, indicating that the company is using q3 of the raw materials in stock, which explains why the company has a stable q4 Māri, based on net interest rates. 22q1 operating costs are basically cash payments, indicating a decline in the share of raw materials in stock and market purchases.
The increase may partly explain the significant decline in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate.