In the long-term (300,750.sz) of the Ningde era: profit-making leading industries, continued optimization of cost controls
Corporate profitability is consistently ahead of other power cell first-line firms, with net interest rates for sales being significantly higher than comparable firms, mainly due to a unit Maori-level lead; this is reflected in higher units of power cell products, based on company coverage of high-quality downstream customers, enjoyments and technology premiums, and higher value-added links.
Income: At the same time, excellent cost-control capabilities and scale effects have increased the net interest rate of companies on sales. In terms of cost control, unit costs for corporate power cell products have steadily declined in recent years, mainly as a result of lower unit costs due to the strength of supply chain bargaining power, and lower unit depreciation due to the effect of scale, cost control capacity
We maintain previous profit projections, and the company ' s net return profits for the period 2022-2024 are expected to rise significantly in 2021, with advances, purchases of goods/works paid in cash on a par, both from the higher volume of company business and from the upward trend in raw materials in 2021.
In the second half of 2021, the company stepped up the pace of stock replenishment and, in the context of rapidly increasing upstream bargaining power, increased its purchasing of raw materials by 2021q3 and secured its peak through long-sheet locking and bonding agreements.
The company’s fixed assets and equity investments increased significantly in 2021, and construction of the company’s Lake West project should be nearing completion in recent years; it is still expanding at a high rate around the three bases of Ningde, Jiangsu, Sichuan, and the main projects are still under way.
In the high-speed construction phase, horizontal expansion is strong; in the context of recent firm booms and high government subsidies, corporate financial pressure is manageable: in the upper part of the industrial chain, companies have in recent years continued to operate at a higher cost of lithium salt, solidity, etc., through equity participation, holding, etc., and downstream through participation in stock layout ctc rings.
The industry is a leading industry in terms of profitability, cost control continues to be optimized, and product profitability remains strong as a result of the build-up of the structure and scale effects of the goods.
1.1.1. The combined profit level of the power cell operations of the Ningde era is significantly superior to the competitive advantage of the competitor. We compare the net sales interest rate of the company with that of the other three comparable firms. In recent years, the competitive advantage of the company’s operations has been more fully reflected in the profit level.
Three major sales firms: KNAC, China Innovation, and Lithium at 100 million latitudes have made initial comparisons (Byadi power cells have been supplied mainly internally in recent years, and the corresponding financial data are not available for comparison). This compares to KNK, China Innovation, where the company has a significant advantage, with both being significantly higher in 2018-2021.
Losing the profits and losses that are not related to the core business still has an advantage in the level of profitability of the company’s core business. The level of net interest rates on sales at Lithium billion latitudes in recent years is bright, but the main contribution is not from its power cell business, but from the conglomerates.
For almost four years, Businessmore International (formerly the first three-boarding company, McWall, the main electronic fogging facility) has contributed to a steady investment return each year, which constitutes the company's main component of investment earnings in recent years, and has significantly increased the net interest rate on corporate sales, for example, in 2021, the rate of return on the investment of hundreds of millions of latitude lithium energy.
The ratio of earnings to total operating income is 9.92%, well above 0.95% in the Ningde era, while the total return on investment amounts to $1,758 million, or 57.79% of the total profit. After excluding investment gains from associated and joint ventures, the firm’s net interest rate level continues to be higher than that of Lithium billion.
1.1.2. The main drivers of high net sales interest rates: the Māori level of quality in the delivery structure leads us to believe that the most important drivers for companies to maintain strong net interest rate levels are their high-quality delivery structures: higher value added for products, higher-end downstream whole-car customers and technology & products from advanced technology
The company’s Māori rate has remained relatively competitive and more stable than comparable firms in recent years, and in 2021 it was better than other comparable firms in the context of large price fluctuations in the upstream impact of lithium mains. Corporate power cell operations have a significant profit level.
This is a combination of existing operations, and in order to further examine the competitiveness of the power cell collars of the Ningde era at their main base, we have conducted further analysis, taking into account the annual sales and prices of power cells disclosed by the companies, that in recent years the level of the Māori unit of power cell products of the Ningde era has also remained strong, 2021.
The main reason why we have a strong level of Maori in a company is its high-quality delivery structure. The unit income of a company's power cell system business is consistently higher than that of a major competitor.
The unit cost of a company is also higher than that of a comparable firm, and figure 6: Corporate power cell unit revenue is significantly higher than that of a comparable firm (units:
Figure 7: Corporate unit costs are also high (in yuan/wh). 1.1.3. Excellent cost control capacity and scale effects have further increased net interest rates on corporate sales.
And the scale effect of the end demand spreads, and increases the net interest rate on corporate sales. By way of comparison with the fixed asset turnover rate, the company's turnover levels have been higher than comparable firms in recent years, with significant scale effects; and it is worth noting that the firm's absolute power to invest in R & D while its cost rates are low during the control period.
Also significant is the prospect of a continuing virtuous cycle of “research and development for maintaining brand premiums and reducing efficiency gains - increasing profitability - high-profit anti-breeding R&D.” Figure 8: Benefiting from cost control and scale effects, company-period cost rates are consistently lower than comparable firms
1.2. Sustained optimization of cost controls, supply chain status from upstream purchases to downstream releases, two-way promotion of corporate power cell operations, sustained optimization of cost controls, and steady decline in unit operating costs, even in 2021, when upstream cost pressures are high.
We believe that, in the context of the change in unit operating costs and further dismantling, the driving force behind the company's continuous decline is mainly its strong supply chain position and the level of control over good manufacturing processes. (1) In the context of supply chain status, there is a greater voice for upstream lithium mains providers, with a large scale of individualization through mastery of relevant technologies and processes.
The way in which the purchases are made is to lock in high-quality, relatively low-cost productive capacity and to fully benefit from lower costs associated with the expansion of upstream production capacity; to maintain a deep partnership with high-quality domestic and foreign automobile companies for downstream companies and to continue to open up new customers to the flexibility of demand from downstream terminals. (2) At the same time, the company's excellent manufacturing capacity drives a sustained rate of good goods
Reductions in unit cost and depreciation of materials form the main driving force behind the company’s downfall. We have dismantled the accumulated reductions in unit operating costs in recent years in terms of materials, equipment depreciation, labour, in conjunction with the disclosure in the company’s annual reporting notes.
The company has a strong supply chain position and a relatively high material cost (about 80%); it is followed by a depreciation drop contribution of 21.15%, which should result mainly from the scale effect of the volume of production and sales; there is a certain volatility in labour costs, which does not generate a steady reduction contribution. Although the unit depreciation is still at a high level relative to comparable enterprises, I do.
A review of the company’s annual reports/share statements reveals that the depreciation rate for the company’s production of machinery and equipment is relatively high or derived from more prudent accounting estimates.
Ninde Time -- Ninde Time -- Ninagako -- Sino-Innovation Air --
Short-term profit pressures from financial data: stock replenishment in the second half of 2021, most difficult times for profit or continued fermentation of the past upward metal salt surge, which began in early 2021, with lithium salt, nickel and cobalt prices from 2021
Both have doubled since the beginning, putting short-term pressure on the profitability of power cell companies. The price of lithium salt rose again at a high rate in early 2022, so that the profits of power cell companies, including companies, in 2022 were undermined to varying degrees, and the Māori rate fell to varying degrees.
The company 2021h2 has increased its reservoir capacity in response to price booms and high growth in business volume. By looking at recent accounts for prepaid projects in the Ninder era, cash flows for the purchase of commodities, in terms of ring values, we believe that companies should continue to increase their purchases from 2021q2 in order to maintain stock demand, of which q3 is a hoarding stock.
At the same time, the upstream bargaining power is at a relatively strong stage. It should have been substantially used to pay for the purchase of goods on the spot, with a decline in the acceleration of the pay-as-you-go ratio and an increase in the cash-for-go ratio; and the cash-for-goods ratio of 2021q4, 2022q1 companies should have declined and levelled.
This should arise mainly from the ability of companies to leverage supply chain bargaining to ease cash flow pressures through credit. At the same time, companies actively lock in high-quality upstream production capacity, including through long-sheet locking and bonding agreements, at relatively favourable prices, with other non-current assets remaining at $20,575 million at the end of 2021, or +311.25 per cent, of which +311.25 per cent is equal to +311.25 per cent.
We believe that the company’s q1 inventory will be released and cost confirmed, and that the cost of the raw materials upstream of the power cell will peak at the beginning of the 2022q2 period.
They examined the inventory structure disclosed in the company ' s bulletin note and found that the company ' s inventory structure had been more stable in recent years, with the stock holdings being the main component, followed by the distribution of commodities, which together accounted for 60-70 per cent of the total; raw materials had stabilized at around 20 per cent of the inventory in recent years: home-made semi-finished goods accounted for about 10 per cent of the total: combined with company production,
We believe that the company ' s stock for the current season can be largely released and recognized in the next quarter. Therefore, we estimate the level of the company ' s stock turnover for each quarter in conjunction with the level of the company ' s stock for the current season and the operating costs identified for the next quarter, with a slight increase in the number of months of q1 ' s turnover in 2021, which should result from an increase in the value levels of the company ' s inventory under cost pressures.
The company’s inventory is obtained using real cost costing and the weighted averaging method when issued. We have estimated the changes in the cost of power cell raw materials, using a combination of some of the lithium main material consumption assumptions, which are represented by five or six ncm batteries, and we have found that the cost of raw materials at the beginning of the 2022q2 period was or has reached its peak.
We believe that corporate q2 profits are still under pressure, but there is hope for a turning point. If the decline in the price of lithium mains continues, the price levels of raw materials purchased by company q2 will decline relative to that of company q2, which is combined with the company ' s q1 stock, as a result of the issuance of stock collections using a weighted averaging method and the company ' s stock turnaround time of almost three months.
Quantity and q1 prices of raw materials, the company’s q2 profits are still under pressure. But the company’s price increases are about to hit a profit point; through price increases, the company’s profits are expected to be repaired gradually, at the most difficult point or three, and the marginal movement of the Ningde era in terms of long-term asset and debt lines: high-speed expansion, horizontal expansion.
3.1. Horizontal outreach observations: focus on three major affiliates, further expand the Guangdong region, with significant increases in several major affiliates, taking into account joint ventures
In terms of long-term equity investments, at the end of 2021, the company focused on the three main subsidiaries of Ninder, Jiangsu, and Sichuan, with a partial increase in the joint venture. In the Sichuan era,
Fortunes, Ninderton City, the billion-dollar replenishments, strengthened by the consolidation of capital of major affiliates, horizontal expansion and the seizure of market space; the Guangdong Sixing era, which was created in 2021, was responsible for building the power and power storage battery project in Guangdong Zhaoqing, as an important base for companies to further expand production in the Guangdong region:
The increase in the investment of the joint venture of the gas and the gas industry shows that the company has deepened its cooperation with the car company and increased its customer stickyness.3.1.2, major construction work in progress is concentrated on three main bases, with high-speed extension processes like fire, and the company is investing in capacity building at three major bases, and we believe that the Ninder Lake West base has been built or is in its final stages.
The Sichuan, Jiangsu, Ninder and European projects are still under construction at a high rate. At the end of 2021, the firm’s fixed asset balance was increased by annual fixed assets, mainly due to construction in progress, which accounted for 93.29 per cent, reflecting the company’s expansion in recent years, mainly in the context of several base-building projects. We compared the company’s construction in progress at the end of 2020.
The first public fund-raising campaign of the year, the 2020 fund-raising campaign, did not appear in the 2021 disclosure for major construction projects, and we made a simple calculation of the progress of inputs disclosed by the company in 2020 and the use of the 2021 replenishment funds disclosed, and the overall construction progress was achieved in 2021, when only additional funds were considered.
The Sichuan project, the Jiangsu project and the European project continued to be built in 2020, with the company adding a new 5-10 phase of the Sichuan Yibing base in 2021, the Jiangsu base 4 phase, and plans for the expansion of the Foding and Ping City era projects. The construction of the Jiangsu era is halfway through the cumulative investment budget, while the company built two new phases in 2021.
The project, which is located in Ningde, together covers 200+gwh, and the overall construction progress of the main project is not yet halfway through, the company is still in the process of rapid expansion. The balance of the remaining project is $8,726 million, which should be part of the sub-company's horizontal expansion in 2021 remains generally on the fast track, with a significant increase in location and ordering of equipment.
This is also evidenced by his non-current assets project. We collated notes from the company's “other non-current assets” in recent years.
In April 2022, the company issued a public announcement that the latest proposed expansion project was approved, and that 45 billion yuan in fund-raising was expected to be steadily available. In addition to the Fu Ding, Chang City and Jiangsu bases, it also included the Guangdong-Jing project, which is intended to use $11.7 billion in fund-raising, which will cover the base.
The amount invested in the project, while significantly easing the financial pressure on Ninder and Jiangsu to expand their production, considering the availability of funds and the creation of new long-term borrowings in 2021, we measure the extent to which the company will be covered by new equity refinancing mainly in construction projects in 2021, the financial pressure remains manageable and the financial situation is sound.
The structure of the company’s long-term debt similarly reflects, to some extent, the banking system’s recognition of the company’s future solvency.
A significant increase in the share of credit and loans in China reflects, to some extent, the recognition by banking institutions of corporate solvency. The new subsidy of $6,068 million and the new grant of $1,203 million for the Jiangsu project, all of which are assets-related government support, provided a strong replenishment of the counterpart projects; and, in 2020, Gilley received industrial support from the subsidiaries’ era.
The sum of $20 billion, the sum of $174 million in subsidies received by the time, and the amount of grants available in recent years for joint-venture and self-building projects. We believe that, with strong support from local government policies, corporate financial pressure will be further reduced by 3.2, vertical expansion: upstream integration, deeper downstream cooperation and layout of ctc
In terms of vertical expansion, companies are continuously involved in the highest-cost upstream lithium salt, the positive poles, etc. through equity participation and joint ventures, while deepening their collaboration with downstream car companies and deployment of ctc technology. We have been collating the company's “long-term equity investment” and “other equity instruments investment” projects in recent years, and the company has been involved in the “upstream lithium salt” and “lithium electricity” in recent years.
The scale of the equipment is clear, as is the positive phosphate lithium in recent years, which should be linked to the company ' s efforts to expand its storage capacity and increase the share of the lfp battery: downstream, it works in partnership, ctc, and deepens the cooperative effort to create an industrial chain ecology by participating in the whole car and the Zero.
The company has continued its efforts to secure lithium resources. On the one hand, it has focused on the joint venture of Taiwan, China, to expand the capacity of lithium resources and to deepen its cooperation with its partner, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China. On the other hand, it has made a major contribution to the overseas production of high-quality lithium mines, with an increase of 3,138 million yuan in pilbaraminerslimited in 2021, in an impressive way, aimed at self-supply of lithium salt.
With regard to the layout of lithium mains, the company’s ecological chain already fully covers the lfp, negative electrodes, and electrolytes. In the broader context of the potential for energy storage, the company pursues a strategy of doing a great job of saving energy.
In addition, the company covers the main material chain of power negatives, electrolyte fluids, deepens its cooperation with the new energy source of the negative polehead Keakin through a stock-holding formula, and adds a further $1 billion to its subsidiary, Dragonxikon.
In order to ensure the supply of the extended equipment, the company has also invested $2.5 billion in targeted additions (one-to-one) of lithium power equipment leading intelligence in 2021, reflecting the firm's determination to expand production by providing input to the company's high-speed extension process.
ctc The R&D application process contributes to greater efficiency of operations: at the same time, companies have deepened their collaboration with the entire car and car company, including Xiaokang and the North Gas Blue Valley, to further improve the eco-economy of the industrial chain.
In 2021, the company was involved in the creation of two industrial investment companies, New Energy for the Fujian era, New Energy for the Suzhou era, and New Energy for the China Age, to further lay the groundwork for a follow-up industry chain, up and down. Overall, the company’s continuous upstream rollout costs were higher than the cost of lithium salt, the positive edge, and through equity participation, the company’s shareholding.
Holdings cover other links, such as negative poles, electrolyte fluids, and continue to promote supply chain security and precipitation efficiency, while actively layout the lithium power supply chain to provide a good basis for high-speed expansion; downstream, to focus on the forwards of battery technology and to deepen partnerships with downstream vehicles through participation in the production of batteries throughout their life cycle.
Table 7: Corporate vertical expansion in recent years, covering upstream high-value links and downstream new technology links, enabling increased output release, profit forecasting and investment proposals
We expect a net return profit of 39.9 billion yuan in 2023 in the Ningde era. At the heart of the profit forecast, we believe that the Ningde era, against the backdrop of increased competition in the domestic battery plant, still holds the promise of maintaining a home-based market share, while raising the global market share.
First, (1) technology leads on the basis of innovation in the material system (manganese lithium, sodium ion batteries, silicon-based negative poles, pet copper, etc.), innovation in the structure of the system (ctp technology, next generation ctc technology), innovation in the production of limits (improving production efficiency, ensuring full life-cycle reliability, reducing the safety of the core). (2) cost leads on the basis of the company.
We expect that the Ninder era will sell more batteries at a more “fair” price in the future, and will continue to be a multiplicity of car companies.
First option. We maintain the previous profit projections, and the company ' s net return profits for the period 2022-2024 are expected to reach the level of demand for the company ' s products and technological innovation below expectations.