The Ningde era (300,750.sz) has a strong lead, the cost transfer period battery industry will generally raise prices, and the profitability of businesses will be significantly repaired.
Corporate power and storage batteries are growing rapidly, and the market is stable. In 2021, the company’s share in the domestic power cell market was 52.1 per cent, with an increase of 2.1 per cent in the same year; the global power cell sales were 16.70gwh, with an increase of 599 per cent, and the city’s share was the world’s number one, about 19.2 per cent.
In addition, the company’s battery materials and other operations were well-known in 2021. The upstream resource base was strengthened, and new technologies led the industry. Since 2021, the company has announced more than 700gwh in capacity-building programmes.
In addition, companies continue to promote new technologies, such as evogo, ctp3.0 and sodium ion batteries, and new business models to build on their leadership.
It's basically flat, and the industry cost is 20.2201 at the end of 6 is positive/lithium phosphate, positive/negatively equal.
Investments suggest that the profits forecast be revised downwards and that the “growth” rating be maintained. Companies are global power and storage batteries that have a significant impact on their quarterly performance, while domestic epidemics and overseas geopolitics give production to the electric vehicle industry chain.
The net interest rate is 13.70%, +1.57pc. The company’s Māori rate has fallen slightly, mainly due to the constant rise in the raw material price of lithium batteries. The high rate of growth in corporate revenue in 2021, with a marked drop in the cost rate under the base effect, has pushed the net interest rate ring up.
Figure 2: Company operating income per quarter and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) due to increased supply-chain security due to company purchases of raw materials, mainly expected to result from increased stock and distribution of commodities, as well as an increase in raw material readiness and a significant increase in raw material prices
As a result, 2022q1 inventories and dispatches account for more than 60 per cent of the total stock, with a value of more than +146 per cent, and account for higher inventory price drop losses, mainly due to a significant increase in inventory; credit impairment; and cash flow hedge reserves of $1.18 billion in his combined earnings, mainly for companies targeting large quantities of metal commodities.
The net return on investment is $461 million. The net return on the company ' s investment in 2021 was mainly from the consortium ' s lead intelligence,
The high profit growth in the lithium industry continued to be significant for 20201 days, and the prospect of a high growth in the performance of affiliates in 2022 is expected to boost the company’s investment returns.
Won/wh, mainly due to an increase in the ratio of sales of lithium phosphate batteries; Māori at 0.17/wh, corresponding to $0.07/wh; Māori at 22.00%, corresponding to 4.56 ptt. The company ' s Māori rate has fallen slightly, mainly due to increased cost pressures due to higher prices of raw materials. The company ' s battery system produced 170.39 gwh in 2021.
At 162.30 gwh, the capacity utilization rate was 95%. The share of the company ' s power cell is stable in the domestic market and rising steadily globally. According to the power cell coalition data, 80.5 gwh was installed in the Nind era in 2021, an increase of 153% in the same year, with the city ' s share reaching 52.1%.
According to sne data, the global power cell market installed in 2021 reached 96.7gwh, an increase of 102% in the same year; the city accounted for 32.6%, an increase of 8.0pt in the same year. For five consecutive years, the company maintained its first global presence and a strong leadership position.
In 2021, the company collected 13,624 million yuan, compared to 87.2gwhh in 2021, compared to +149 per cent at Ningde.
At 19.2%, the city is the largest in the world, with the same rate rising by 12.4 pct. In the domestic market, the volume of domestic storage batteries delivered by the Ning Dynasty in 2021 was 1.8gwh, far higher than that of other domestic firms. Companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with the National Energy Group, China Power, China Energy, China Energy, the Three Gorges Group, Sunshine Power, and so on.
The company’s energy storage system operations are expected to maintain a high rate of growth with client and lead guarantees. Figure 18: Domestic energy battery loads in 2021 (mwh)
Figure 19: In 2021, domestic firms benefited from higher demand and material prices for global storage of energy batteries (mwh) and the company ' s lithium cell material business grew rapidly. In 2021, the public-division lithium cell material business generated $15,457 million, or +351 per cent; the Māori rate was 25.12 per cent, or the same ratio.
+4.66pc; sales of 280,000 tons, +314%. Material operations are growing at a high rate, thanks to both the high sales of new energy sources and the high demand of customers, and the high price of raw materials and the apparent upturn in the prices of products. In 2021, the company started operating the Nico project in Indonesia, adding the capacity of lithium-based electrical materials.
In the spring era, the company acquired the right to prospecting for lithium resources in Yi Fong County, and the material end-use recoding is expected to drive the material business. Other operations of the company consist mainly of technical authorizations, R & D revenues, and waste sales. In 2021, the company’s other business generated $9,785 million, or 77 per cent of the year; and the Māori rate was 65.06 per cent, or +27.05pt of the year 2021.
The Department has a licensing agreement with atl that will generate $150 million in technology authorization revenue each year over the next 10 years, which will have a positive impact on other business segments. In the long run, corporate technology research and development leads the industry, working with upstream and downstream research and development (R & D) continues to deepen, and the profitability of the portfolio is expected to remain stable.
In April 2022, the company announced its intention to invest $13 billion in the production base of the power and storage systems of the Xiamen era, with a projected design capacity of 40 gwh.
By the end of 2021, the company ' s battery system was built to have a real capacity of 170 gwh and 140 gwh. The company ' s current capacity is planned to exceed 700 gwh, with the potential for a high-speed expansion of capacity to strengthen the company ' s leadership in the global power and storage cell chain.
Since 2021, the price of lithium-cell raw materials has continued to rise, particularly the price of lithium salt, putting greater pressure on the company’s production costs. In this context, companies have accelerated the deployment of lithium resources, improving the integrated layout to ensure supply chain stability.
In April 2022, the company’s holding subsidiary, the company’s owner, offered $865 million to compete for five years’ right to explore ceramic soil (including lithium) in the mining area of the province of Toyochi, Jiangxi Province. The company has invested $13.5 billion in new manufacturing bases in Yichun and has joined the city of Yichun on the industrial chain.
This layout is expected to further secure the supply chain, strengthen the productive base, and close the supply of raw materials and reduce transportation costs. Companies continue to push new technologies like ctp, evogo, sodium ion batteries, and build on the edge.
The process of industrialization of new material systems such as high nickel, m3p positive poles, silicon negative poles, and the layout of new battery systems such as sodium ion cells, lithium gold cells, solid-state batteries. Since 2021, companies have published successive systems such as evogo switching solutions, ab battery system programmes, and third-generation ctp technologies.
The ctp3.0 technology has the characteristics of extremely fast, non-destructive, safe, and efficient, and is suitable for the phosphate lithium and triple system, with a corresponding energy density of 160wh/kg, 250wh/kg and above, respectively. The company states that, under the same chemical system, the equivalent battery package size, the 3.0 version of the ctp power can be increased by 13% compared to the 4680 system.
In many areas, such as materials, batteries, and systems solutions, there's an advanced layout that is expected to strengthen the company's technological lead, and raw materials are expected to rise below the company's q1 performance. The expected profitability of the q2 increase is expected to repair quickly. The average sale price of power batteries is around 0.78-0.8/wh, and the ring is almost flat. 2022q1.6 is positive.
+38/+62/+3% positive/negative average ring ratio of iron phosphate, resulting in a loss of profitability due to the constant cost of falling below the price increase of the company. Company share of the market for power cell 20201 is solid. Company 20201 installed in the domestic power cell market.
25.51gwh, year-on-year +109%; 2022q1 installed 33.3gwh in the global power cell market, which is expected to grow rapidly on a quarterly basis during the traditional high season of electric cars in the second half of the year. From a profit-making perspective, the price increase for power batteries on the company-on-one side will land q2 and, on the other hand, will be steadily released from the upstream resource end layout to make a profit.
In addition, the company’s lithium electric materials and other business plates are expected to maintain a steady growth pattern, contributing significant returns to the company. Investment proposals: lower profit forecasts, and maintain an “uptake” rating.
The company, the global power and storage battery lead company, is expected to repair significantly the profitability of the q2 increase, considering that the increase in the price of 2201 raw materials will have a greater impact on single-quarter performance, while domestic epidemics and overseas geopolitics create uncertainty for the production and sale of the electric-powered industrial chain, and make a downward profit forecast based on the precautionary principle.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject