The Shinji Mountain Signals Network (300628.sz) The cloud office terminal is still growing, and the ai import is expected to open up a new growth point.
28 May 2025 Conference products continued to build a more intelligent, efficient and secure product programme, 2024 actual market data: 28 May 2025
The tablet metingboard continues to have a good impact on the market, with plans to launch a new generation of audio-conference tablet products in 2025 with the only video-grade intelligence in the industry, a second generation self-researching audio algorithms and a great all-aai experience; and plans to launch av-one integration solution and push it.
A smart design tool based on the ai technology, roomdeigner and smart space management platform, building a process-wide solution from acoustic design to deployment of connection, audio debugging, equipment management, base data: 31 March 2025
Continuing to empower distributors and business users to effectively save design, deployment, and debugging costs. We believe that corporate conference products are closely aligned with market demand, that the conference room has excellent solutions, and that some of the bulk of the monoliths have performed well and continue to break through high-end markets, and are expected to sustain steady growth.
Cloud office terminals continue to improve the quality of their products and open up marketing channels, achieving revenue of 527 million yuan in 2024, +62.98 per cent of the year, representing 9.37 per cent of the year's income, and +1.94 pct. Business earl product series, companies close core performances around sound quality, smart noise reduction, bluetooth stability, while actively promoting markets
In 2025, the company planned to launch anc-coated blue-tooth-eared wheat.
bh78, full coverage of the bluetooth bh7x product series, and the introduction of the new wired uh4x series, full of entry, low-end, middle-end to high-end products. We believe that the company's 2024 business, the new earl product has gradually passed through the market, and the market share of the product remains high.
The channel is well-developed, creating a full-scale closed-down through a complete business earl series, which has not been imported with the one, and the new items will be added to the real-time translation, voice-to-text feature, which will help the business.
The growth in desktop communications terminals was higher than expected, with revenues of 3,082 million yuan in 2024, compared to +21.13 per cent in 2024, the voice market entering a steady state phase of stock optimization, the entire telephone market in 22023 in a de-stocking cycle, and a certain level of stock-filling demand from dealers in 24 years. In 2025, the company plans to roll out the t7, t8 series.
We believe that company telephonic products are still more competitive in the market and that, although the end of the replenishment period could lead to a slowdown in growth, companies are still actively digging for a more detailed picture, with the prospect of further upgrading the city, given the strong market competitiveness of the company ' s products, i imports are expected to continue to increase market share.
For the first time, it covers the rating given to `End-b'. 1. The leading global provider of business communications services, Inc., is the global leading provider of communication and collaborative solutions, in the field of deep-farming business communications, for global business users.
Integrated communications solutions for intelligence and efficiency. Based on the three core business lines of conference products, cloud office terminals, desktop communications terminals, companies have built complete one-stop communication and collaboration solutions, and actively imported front-line technologies such as the one-stop shop, the solution, the all-embracing terminal, and the intelligent transformation into three strategic directions that provide intelligence, efficiency, security to business users.
The company’s three main product lines cater for business communications needs in different settings, such as fixed desktop office, conference room office, telecommuting, and mobile office. The conference products serve as a “centre nerve” for a hybrid office setting, providing real-time communication across space and efficient collaboration.
Specialized meeting requirements and continuous penetration of the market for conference products; cloud office terminals as the “first entrance” to remote and mobile office, focusing on platform compatibility, bluetooth stability, smart sound collection, long-duration comforts and continuity capabilities as key tools for remote and mobile office staff; desktop communication terminals as the “freath vessels” of the corporate communications network due to mixing
In the co-location model, there is still a rigid need for traditional on-site work, and the telephone market is entering a steady state of “stock optimization” phase. The three main lines of business in the Division form a “mass breakthrough + stock optimization” development pattern.
The need for digital transformation has accelerated, mixed officeing has become a central model, the importance of intelligent and efficient communication and collaboration methods has been highlighted, and the changes in business communication patterns brought about by the i-technology, the firm’s accurate grasp of client scenarios and needs, and the competitive advantages of products, are expected to continue to benefit from the development of the intelligent office age.
Meetings, voice communications, efficient collaboration, and smart office capabilities. For sales, the ratio of sales personnel to sales personnel is 26.05%, the sales capacity of large-scale projects and the "Platform+Intelligent Hardware Terminal" solution is continuously being deployed, the proav category, the int category channel and the appropriate increase in foreign sales to enhance localization of services. For profit margins, the company's Māori rate and net interest rate are increasing.
The full business communications solution, each of the three business blocks, is unique. The company focuses on business, with conference room office, personal desktop office, and mobile office landscapes built around audio-visual communication and collaboration.
Cover and extend the landscape to visitors management, smart ladder controls, office environment automating, space management intelligence, information dissemination harmonization, etc., to create a holistic solution for people-to-space, equipment, data connectivity.
In the future, companies will continue to be innovative in building more intelligent office and conference experiences using the ai technology to further increase market share.
The machines are used mainly in routine work, call centres, videoconferences, mobile offices, etc., and require a high level of sound-smelling, noise-reducing, fit-out, and security reliability. The company ' s commercial earphones have formed a product matrix that includes the uh3x wire earphones, the wh6x wireless headphones of the integrated voice workstations and the bh7x commercial bluetooth headphones.
We believe that the corporate brand is well-known, technologically and with the advantage of channels, and that the market share is expected to continue to grow.3 Desktop communication terminals: the main products include the sip phone, the dect phone, the teams phone, and the conference phone. Of these, the sip phone sets consist mainly of a series of ts, with differentiated solutions for operators, call centres, different businesses; and dect
In our view, the company ' s products are highly mobile and compatible, and it has been used mainly in conference room settings to significantly improve the audio quality of remote meetings through smart noise filtering, high-resolution frequency and noise mitigation techniques.
International trade policies and tariff risks. The current global political environment is uncertain, the geopolitical situation is complex, and if future US tariff policies are further tightened or other major trading partners follow up on similar measures, business performance will face trade frictions and global supply.
There is a risk of failure in the development of new products. There is greater uncertainty in the R & D of new products of companies, and there is a risk of high input, high R & D difficulties, long R & D cycles, and of failure in R & D. On the other hand, even if new products are successfully launched and marketed, there is a risk of lack of market recognition, leading to economic benefits and expected benefits from the introduction of new products.
The risk of increased competition in the global telecommunications sector is becoming more competitive, with firms' main competitors being internationally recognized enterprises. If firms fail to properly judge and capture market dynamics and industry trends, and to innovate in technology and business models in a timely manner in line with technological developments, industry standards and customer needs, there is a loss of business performance due to reduced competitive advantage.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.