Public Services and Environmental Protection Group Improved Fire and Power Profiting, Newly Approved Pumping Project Improved Profitability of Fuel Sub-Fire Power with a small drop in corporate revenue
1. In-depth study by China Electric International: Fire and Power Dragons through Cycles, Asset Consolidation by 0.5%, Average Internet Access Prices of about 511.7 yuan/mwh, Same and 0.9%, by Sub-source, 24 years of coal units using 215 hours per hour; Flame Use Hours by 35 hours per hour
Hours, but during the reporting period, two new 500-mw-grade combustion units were put into production in Shandong Changcho, resulting in the company generating the same gas capacity as +7.4 per cent; the hydroelectric unit was used the same as +431 hours. The fall in volume cost caused the company’s power generation division to drag down 1.2 pcts.
The price of coal is double-dip to 1.8 g/kwh. The company ' s fuel cost is equal to -6.5%, and the fire power business has achieved a Māori rate of about 9.2% and +1.2 pcts.
The price of coal in the market has been falling steadily since the beginning of the year, while in the region where the company’s coal-fired assets are concentrated, the annual price of electricity has fallen slightly, and the 25-year coal-fired price gap is expected to widen further. Long-term equity investment returns have fallen, affecting income tax costs.
In addition to the 24-year profitable repairs of the Great Wall III mine, which has been suspended for 24 years, compared to 27.7 per cent below the same calibre, the impact of wind and light power hours, lower combined electricity prices, rising costs over time and falling returns on investment during the reporting period, China has also made progress in reducing the cost of production.
The decline in long-term equity investment returns accounted for by the equity method, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the corresponding adjustment in income tax costs, has led to a structural increase in the 24-year combined income tax rate.
(c) The impact of the acquisition of Group Fire and Power assets.
Electricity demand is not as high as expected, coal prices are below as expected, equity projects are not performing as expected, and 0./ sweep to access more services
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market