Quantified coal master industry with expected investment returns 601225.sh) incident: 29 August 2024, Quanxi Coal industry published its semi-annual report for 2024, first half of the year
Production growth & cost decline, and coal operations remain robust. For sales: 2024h1, companies achieved 86.41 million tons of coal, + 2.78 per cent per year; for coal, 1,315.5 million tons, + 2.29 per cent per year, with home-grown coal sales of 83.39 million tons, + 0.71 per cent per year.
Tons, equivalent to -5.5%, mainly lower costs such as operating fees, materials, and related taxes and charges. Thanks to the company’s relatively high level of inter-institutional coordination and excellent cost-control capacity, as well as coal production, the company is still relatively robust in the face of falling market coal prices.
In the first six months of the investment business, the level of future returns is expected to stabilize. 2024h1, the company actually increased the total profit by $290 million. As of 30 June, the company had changed the accounting method for Salt Lake shares to equity accounting, and the company sold part of Lungi.
Green energy shares. We believe that fair value fluctuations will gradually decrease the impact on net profits, and corporate returns on investment are expected to stabilize, as companies focus on their main business and become equity accounting in the second half of 2024.
The company’s coal reserves are rich, of excellent quality, of good storage conditions, and the company’s coal mining uniforms are long-term, good coal quality, and low production costs. The company’s coal-owning industry is a national advantage.
The business performance is expected to remain robust as of August 2024, with a strong competitive edge within Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
On the 29th day of the closing of the price test, the company's share rate is expected to reach the Golden Plumbing B building, based on 60 per cent of the company's commitment.
At 5.6%, the dividends are still at a higher level. In the context of falling corporate capital spending, steady exits from investment operations and a focus on coal-based industries, the company's future dividends are sustainable and strong and merit a period.
In the long run, there is much room for productive release, and the company’s future prospects are wide. The “buy-in” rating is maintained without consideration of stock price volatility.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and power-related industries; safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc.
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Since 2019, China has been responsible for research on the coal industry. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, Bachelor of Finance, formerly Coal, Graduate School of Securities and Finance, and Master of Technology in Mining, Senior Engineer, formerly the Investment and Investment Department of China Coal Industries Group II, Chinese University of Mining (Beijing)
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the carbon-neutral and professional committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Environmental Technology of the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the public sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.