Coal co-development and co-development, with wide potential for future growth Events: 5 September 2024, Xiangxi Coal announcement signed with Xiaoxi Coal Chemical Group, controlling shareholder, Xiangxi Coal Industry (6012225.sh)
This deal is the first step in the company's move to “coal power integration” and can further reduce associated transactions, increase operating income, extend the chain of coal main industries, and promote companies.
The main coal industry is very far away, with high coal reserves, 10,441 million tons (as of the end of 2023) and more than 70 years old. More than 97% of coal resources are located in high-quality coal mining areas such as Sanbei, Bingyeon, and coal is of excellent quality.
The company has 162 million tonnes of authorized coal production, and the company has 5 to 10 million tonnes of mining in the Xinbei mining area, with a significant output advantage. The company’s coal production has steadily increased, with a cumulative coal production of 114 million tonnes in January-August 2024, compared to the previous year.
+2.45%. In the future, the company's coal industry is expected to make a good deal of progress with the redevelopment of the well fields associated with Trench Rabbit I and the Western Survey Area, the build-up of the company's low mining costs and its high years of service advantage. The power assets are dominated by coal power, and the profits are better. As of the end of March 2024, coal power was used by the company.
The power group has a capacity of 94.18 million kilowatts, of which 9.02.000 kilowatts are on fire. The crew is located in the provinces of Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, and Hunan. In terms of electricity volume, in 2023, the group generated 34.39 billion kilowatt-hours, and the Internet generated 32.661 billion kilowatt-hours.
The dollar and the 25% income tax rate are calculated to yield 3.86 cents in motor power. The company has a clear advantage over the major coal company, which benefits from the co-supply of corporate coal resources, even if the power consumption level is held up by the heat unit, it still earns 3.86 cents in electricity.
The projects under construction and approval include 2 million kilowatts (kW), 132 million kW (kW), 2 million kW (kW) and 2 million kW (kW) (kW) and 7.32 million kW (kW) of coal.
To be approved, a total of 9.32 million kilowatts of construction and construction projects are under way, and the capacity of the post-partum group coal power can be doubled. And the construction and construction units are located mainly in the provinces of Hunan and Jiangxi, where the power supply and demand conflict are more pronounced, and we expect the company to benefit from the construction and construction of the units.
Field power supply and demand patterns to achieve “double-high” electricity prices.
Coal power is synergized, and performance and profitability are expected to improve.
The Bureau issued the Energy Work Guide 2024, which proposes the promotion of coal, coal power integrated alliances, and the rational layout of the Golden Tower B. The company's acquisition of the coal power group is to create "coal power."
The important initiative of the “Integration” business model, through the “coal power integration” operation of ironing the effects of price fluctuations and changes in electricity demand, will enable businesses to operate in a stable manner. At the same time, the profit-making space of companies extending the main coal industry chain will be enhanced.
Against this background, the future corporate performance space and business stability are expected to increase, with the valuation rising, profit projections and investment ratings: we believe that the domestic powered coal price hub is expected to operate midway in the context of persistent energy inflation.
There is much room for output to release and the company’s prospects for future development are wide. Risk factors are not taken into account: macroeconomic uncertainties; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal, electricity-related industries; and accidents in safe production in coal mines.
He's a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices and a former member of the China Coal Industry Association.
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector, and Xinjiang, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology of Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Science, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.