On September 5, 2024, the Xiangxi Coal industry issued a public announcement stating that the company and the controlling shareholders were involved in the coal group.
\triangleright entered into an Intent Agreement for the Transfer of Assets, whereby the thorium coal conglomerates intended to transfer their shareholdings of thorium coal conglomerates Ltd. to the thorean coal industry.
The coal company has a capacity of 94.18 million kWh, resulting in a net profit of 1,355 million kWh. According to the coal \triangleright thousands of kWh, of which 9.02 million kWh are on fire, 24q1 is generating 9,855 million kWh in 2023.
In 2023, the company achieved business income of 15,247 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 1,528 million yuan, taking into account the share share share of the coal group of 88.65 per cent, and the net profit of the mother is to create an integrated business model for coal power, which is conducive to sound company operations.
In 2023, the Sinoxi Coal industry and the Qalaki Power Group had a link deal of $4.23 billion, which, if successfully acquired assets, would further reduce the associated transaction, increase operating income and extend the chain of industry in the main coal industry, helping to build a successful business model for companies in “coal integration”.
An average of 12.9 billion yuan is measured by an average value of 28 fire panels. The average number of pbs in the 28 coal companies listed is 1.16 times the value of the shares of Quixin shares, electricity from the State, electricity from the Tang, etc., based on the net profit of 12.499 billion won in the end of 2023 from the coal conglomerates.
The company's coal industry has a national value.
Investment recommendations: corporate resource endowment industry leads, cost advantages are evident, cash cow properties are strong, long-term year 024 Quarterly ratings: net profit deductions meet expectations, high performance report for 2023 in the coal industry (601225.sh)
Review: Cash cows perform well and have a long-term investment value
Consultation and implementation, uncertainty and a process of transfer of assets that can be further adjusted to the actual situation can be evaluated in the tri-quarters of 2023 by the Quanxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): Deduction of non-net profits is as expected and the larger shareholders have increased their commitment to development.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.