Added to U.S. photovoltaic energy layout, storage capacity orders are fully stocked, November 01, 2023 \triangleright
Quarterly revenues of 39.119 billion yuan, or +17.05% of the year; net profit returns of 2.84 billion yuan, continued improvement in photo-voltage integration, and active deployment of new technology of the n type.
In addition, the company has increased its integration, and the Bureau will build a new photovoltaic energy industry chain in the city of Hodges and Hodges, with a three-phase master plan.
Construction will be done in stages, with projects of 30 gw single-crystal bars, 80 gw , 10gw single-crystal Dun Yongkang slices, 10gw solar cells, 5gw photovoltaic components, 5gw related ancillary products, 1 project
S-100521100006, which is scheduled to start production within 24 years, will further enhance corporate integration and enhance corporate competitiveness. Add to the US production potential, the US market is expected to work.
Jubiño's planning needs, the company's growing production capacity in the U.S., and the U.S. market. In June 23, the D.C. announced the establishment of a five-gw annual photovoltaic assembly base in Mesquit, Texas.
It will start production by the end of 2023; in October 23, the company announced the launch of an annual 5gw high-efficiency n battery project in the city of Sunville, United States of America, with a total investment of about 839 million.
The location of the company's large storage capacity is the system integrator.
The company actively expands its storage market and expands its distribution and service networks while upgrading its marketing and service capabilities in mature markets such as the United States and Europe.
Markets such as Japan, Australia, and South America. As of 30 June 23, the company’s sub-company of storage energy owned approximately a month, the company’s sub-company of storage energy has signed a new supply contract for a direct-flow battery energy solution of 1gw, which will be evaluated for the semi-annual year 2023 for 1.Atus (688472.sh):
Depcompower and tep provide equipment for a storage energy project in Arizona, United States of America, with sufficient performance expectations, and hand orders that will provide a solid basis for the company ' s storage energy release over a future two-embracing period of 2023/08/.
2. Attez (688472.sh) depth report: re-establish the river, \triangleright re-created 2023/06/19
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.