1. "Atres: N-type production is moving fast, large storage orders are going to continue, and the company announces that it will invest $839 million to build the 5gw high-efficiency model of America's annual production.
Growth, 2023.8.23 Battery Project, which is expected to be ready for production by the end of 2025.
Overseas channel advantage guarantees high profitability. The company q3 is expected to increase slightly, with a unit gain of about 0.11/w measured, with a slight decline in the ring q2, but considering that q2 has a higher exchange rate, a lower price in the q3 component and higher prices for silicon.
The company’s subsidiaries signed a 7gw long list with edf-reusdevelopment,llc, whose parent company, the French Power Group, is one of the world’s largest electricity service providers.
The company announced that it was investing in a 5gwn cell project in the United States, which is expected to be accompanied by 5gw units in the United States.
The company’s existing South-East Asia battery assembly, which is more than 4gw in production, is expected to take full advantage of high-profit markets abroad, such as the United States, to improve the competitiveness of high-profit markets abroad.
The n-type technology progresses rapidly, and is expected to fully capture the dividend period. The company-n-type technology progress is expected to increase to 38/58gw at the end of 23/ 24 years, with the expectation that the product will be competitive enough to capture the N-type dividend period.
With credit and asset impairment of $257 million, significant fluctuations in asset quality and profitability, and changes in battery technology, companies are expected to maintain a better level of equipment asset quality and future profitability by making bad debt and asset loss recovery on a prudent basis.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, based on our latest forecast of industry chain prices, fine-tuning the net profits of the company for 23-25 years The international trading environment has deteriorated: new technologies have not progressed as expected: RMB exchange rate fluctuations.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market