q3 Q3 stock increases, large-scale storage project reserves: three-quarter reports in 2023 issued by Ats. Companies achieved business income of 39.12 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 17.1 per cent in the same year; mothers ' net profit of 2.84 billion yuan, an increase of 126 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions of 2.565 billion
The dollar, a 125 per cent increase in the same year; q3 quarter total operating income of $13.01 billion, a 4.3 per cent decrease in the same year, net profit on maternity of $917 million, a 14.6 per cent increase in the same year, net profit on non-mortality of $841 million, the best market in China, Europe, North America, and the United States market in South America.
In July, an agreement was signed with edf North America for the sale of a 7gw long-form photovoltaic component, which was successfully cut off at the 2023 re-plus exhibition in Las Vegas, United States, in September. In the case of the new launch project, work began on the Mongolian and Holt new energy-wide chain project, which was divided into three phases.
Including 20gw monocrystal bars, 40gw monocrystal mills, 10gw slices, 10gw batteries and 5gw components per year, total production is projected to be 24 years: 14gw plans for the tp battery headlines at the Yang County base to reach the target for the year in which the start-up began.
In a three-in-one business model, the company captures the end demand, and the client is predominantly a power station holder, not an epc contractor, so the company is a provider of value-added services, such as an integrated provider, a project contractor (epc), and a long-term maintenance service.
As of 30 June 2023, the company’s Atrus Storage and Technology (e-Storage) had a reserve of about 26gwh ' s storage system orders and signed contracts with $2.1 billion in hand orders, including long-term service contracts, to service projects delivered by the company.
During the period under review, the company signed a storage system supply agreement with a number of well-known overseas institutions, such as Pulsecleanergy, Blackstone, and British cerebralization.
At the same time as sales and service capabilities in mature markets such as Europe, companies have expanded their distribution and service networks to markets such as Japan, Australia, and South America, and have been ordered to prepare for future performance growth.
Investment proposal: The company is a global photovoltaic component locomotive, and is expected to grow both production and profits as production of the n component increases and the process of production integration increases. At the same time, by expanding large-scale storage operations, the company is creating a second growth curve, we maintain a profit forecast, and we expect the company to return to 2023-2025.
Attez: N-sharp step-by-step, large storage capacity project Attez Attez-New Unit Thematic Coverage Report (Atts)