The National Energy Group core power platform, Firewater Wind, is developing together. The company is an integrated energy platform for the National Energy Group, Liu Xiaoning.
The National Energy Group (NEG) is composed of the former Shinhua Group (the largest coal enterprise in the country) and the former National Power Group (one of the five major power generation groups) at $1350523120003 Group, “Revolution of conventional power sources, new energy development, leading world-class enterprise construction”, Firewater Wind
By the end of 2023, the company had 10,564 kilowatts (kW), of which fire, utilities, wind, Liu Xiaoning, as a whole, analysed the company's most central strengths as being multiple and complementary performances, providing greater stability of performance, especially large ones.
The value of the cash flow and the cost advantages associated with the integration of quasi-coal power across rivers give companies a stronger risk-resistant capacity, making their performance more “de-cyclical.” Hydropower: the value of the river needs to be re-evaluated and the scale to be used as a catalyst.
By the end of 2023, the fifth largest hydroelectric company, with two thirds of the development of the river basin, and a growing water company with few installed machines in the country, did not, in our view, fully reflect the high valuation of hydropower. By the end of 2023, the company had a holding stock of 1,495 kilowatts (kW) for the transport of hydroelectrics, with an equity-loading machine second only to the Yangtze River power, Chinese power, national electricity and energy from Kawa.
The country has a holding capacity of 1174 thousand kW, or 79% of the company’s total hydropower. The country currently has a net profit level of 2 billion yuan, and we expect that in 2027, with both improved water and increased efficiency of the tap reservoir power plant, the country will have a greater margin for profit. In the long run, we analyse the market’s loss of hydropower assets.
The low-consensus properties are not well understood, and the revaluation has not yet been completed. The entire hydropower plate has a long-term configuration value.
In addition, the company’s fleet is concentrated in electricity-stressed areas such as Huadong, where large-scale fleets are ahead of the industry and offer comparative advantages. The cost of capacity electricity changes the business model of coal power, which constitutes a substantial benefit to the company, although, under the current level of compensation, the price of electricity is still a fundamental factor in the company’s profitability, but the policy is still a fundamental factor in the company’s ability to make a profit.
Directing a sustained increase in compensation rates after 2026 will help stabilize coal power performance, restore utility properties, and bring coal power to new energy sources: 1455gw high-level targets, selected projects, and complementary quality development. The green power transition of the power clusters under the two-carbon strategy has accelerated, with companies planning for 1455 new 35gw new energy targets as core power platforms under the corporate umbrella.
The company, as the leading power force for new energy development under the umbrella of the National Energy Corporation, is expected to be the first to benefit from marginal changes in industrial policy. Profit forecasting and valuation: in the context of the current electricity market environment, coal supply and demand, company strategic planning for 1455 and construction projects.
\triangleright is 13, 12, and 10 times more than the average. Under a neutral conservative assumption, the company has an intrinsic value of 440 (fire power) +480 (water division highly values shareholder returns and assigns the first semi-annual interest.
In the context of the current electricity market environment, coal supply and demand, corporate strategic planning for the 14th Five-Year Plan, and construction projects, we have space. Companies value shareholder returns, with the first semi-annual interest allocation.
Upgraded, the company may take on the responsibility of spearheading the change. For the first time, coverage is given, with an “enhanced” rating. Thousands of kilowatts, using an average of 5100 hours, 5,000 hours, and unit fuel costs are equal to 2%, 0%, 0%, and 0%, respectively.
Considering water fluctuations and the increased efficiency of tap reservoir power stations, assuming that the average number of hours spent was 2024-2026, respectively, national electricity was used as a model for pioneering reforms, the importance of corporate governance has not yet been fully recognized by the market. The company-controlled shareholders’ national energy group was included in the first list of “Creating world-class model companies” in 2019.
The company values shareholder returns highly, and it assigns six months of interest to the first company. We believe that, with the upgrading of state firms, the group and the company will take on the role of pioneers in reforming corporate governance, making substantial changes.
Four-fifth high-level development goals for new 35gw energy sources. We believe that the corporate stock asset quality industry is leading, and incremental asset quality controls are tight. As power reform progresses, the pyrotechnic plates benefit from coal pools and capacity prices, and their value is expected to be revalued: they benefit from a reversal of the supply and demand patterns of Sichuan power and the production of a tap reservoir power station.
It was discovered that the new energy industry is at the bottom of history and is expected to return to a reasonable valuation in the future as industrial policy packages are put in place. Coal price increases are higher than expected, lower than expected, new energy installed less than expected.
The National Energy Group (NEG) has the second largest share-loading company in the country, followed only by China International. The Large Shareholder National Energy Group was established in 2017 by the former Shinohara Group (Global Group), which holds a 50.68% shareholding in the National Energy Group.
In January 2019, the National Energy Group was included in the first 10 State Finance Committees to “create world-class demonstration companies.” By the end of 2023, the company held a stock-load of 10,564 kilowatts, of which electricity, electricity, wind, light volts, etc.
Wind power and light voltage are 3255, 1160, 799, and 663,000 kilowatts, respectively. In a two-carbon context, the company proposes to create a strategic positioning for a group of companies, namely, “the conventional power energy transition leader, the new energy development leader, the world's leading business builder” and to plan for a 14-minute new energy loading unit, 35gw.
Figure 1: The company’s stock-loading structure in 2023 (thousands of kilowatts) shows that the integrated model of quasi-coal power significantly improves the stability of coal power performance. The company’s fire-power assets are divided into two parts, one of which is the company’s original assets, and the other of which is the Beijing State Power, which was established with China’s Shunhua (restructured in early 2019).
It was completed that companies held 57.47 per cent of the shares, and China, 42.53 per cent, but there was a small shareholding in the power station under the Beijing flag, making the share of real interests lower. The country's electricity was the most profitable part of the company's coal assets, benefiting from the “quasi-coal power integration” business model, and its ability to resist the volatility of coal prices was significantly higher than that of its counterparts.
By the end of 2023, the company had a holding stock of 1,495 million dry tiles, which is second only to the Changjiang electric power, Chinese hydroelectric power, national electricity and energy. The company’s hydropower assets are located mainly in Sichuan, Xinjiang, etc.
With steady development of new energy sources, performance contributions have continued to rise. After the group’s new energy development backbone was identified, the company’s new energy loadings rose rapidly, adding 11.35 million kilowatts in 2020-2023, significantly enhancing the company’s asset stability.
Retrieval companies performed in 2018-2023, while fire power assets continued to dominate, but the net profit from new energy and hydropower was around the absolute score/kwh, and performance in 2023 was affected by the shutdown of the Zahasin coal mine and water-deficiencies. 2. Hydropower: the value of the river needs to be revalued to become a catalyst.
By the end of 2023, the company had a holding capacity of 1,495 kilowatts (kW) to transport hydropower, which is second only to the Yangtze River power, energy from China, electricity from China, and energy from Kawakawa. The company's hydropower assets were distributed mainly in Sichuan, New.
According to the National Energy Voice, the river basin is one of the country’s “thirteen largest hydroelectric bases” and is ranked fifth, with plans to build a level 28 hydroelectric plant, with China enjoying 17 steps of the river’s main stream, with a total installed capacity of about 18 million kW.
Some two-thirds of the river basin's total installed power is not considered for co-dispatch power generation In the country there are only a handful of power companies with installed increment, and the core river basin power station is in operation, increasing the capacity of the river basins.
The company is currently building 3.95 million kilowatts (kW) of water and electricity installed in the country, a small number of water and electricity companies with installed increment. Of these, the country is building 3.52 million kW in the river, which is expected to be concentrated in 2025-2026; and the Xinjiang Kaidu river basin, which is building 430,000 kW in 2023.
It is worth noting that, in the construction of the unit, the two estuary hydroelectric power station is a tap reservoir power station in the Grand River Basin, installed at 2 million kilowatts, designed to accommodate 1,917 million cubic metres of regulated reservoirs, with annual capacity (like the two estuary power stations in the Yagi River, electricity, runoff in Sichuan province, close to 70 per cent, and electricity, less than 10 per cent annually).
With 2.2 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity in total, the water supply in Sichuan province increased by 6.6 billion kilowatt-hours (by 4.4 billion kilowatt-hours in the water-rich period). Low electricity prices, high water discards, and not an independent hydroelectric company, the Dafu River company used to pay less attention. Over a long period of time, the supply of electricity in Sichuan province was overstretched due to cyclical mismatches between power development and industrial landings, with an average annual average for the 13th and 5th periods.
In several major hydroelectric bases, such as the Jinsha River, the Yagi River, and the River River, the river basin is mainly occupied by Kawachi, and the evacuation works are slow, with electricity prices and hours of use being suppressed at the same time, resulting in long-term poor performance of the river ' s hydropower, which is below the level of the tap.
The supply and demand pattern in Sichuan is reversed, and the electricity prices of the river are expected to replicate the trend in energy power generation. In recent years, the supply and demand of electricity in the south-west region have been tightened, owing in essence to resource constraints, the power structure in the south-west is highly dependent on hydropower, which accounts for 80% of electricity generation, and is the country’s leading hydroelectric output province.
The South-West region experienced a severe electricity shortage before the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, with high electricity prices remaining high, and the 13th-Year Warfare campaigned for electricity market-based reforms, which led to a sharp drop in electricity prices. Water discards attracted a large number of energy-intensive industries, but with the end of the final wave of hydropower production in 2020-2022, the scale of new hydropower will be very limited in the future.
In terms of the potential increase in power sources, the south-west region has a poor endowment of non-water resources, a lack of coal resources (restriction of coal power), geophysical instability (restriction of nuclear power), new sources of energy, with the exception of Yunnan and Chuanxi, which are a few old resources, the Sichuan Basin is a region with low wind power and light resources in the country, with no wind in the basins, cloud infested with clouds and clouds, and the image of the famous “Wed Dog Day” is an image of Kawakawa.
Electricity supply and demand in the south-west region have entered a tight medium- and long-term cycle that strongly supports the basic surface of hydropower. The current price of electricity in Yunnan Province has been rising for many years, and we believe that future electricity and water prices in Sichuan or Yunnan should be repeated.
In addition, Sichuan Province has experienced severe power shortages on several occasions since 2021, and since 2023 has had higher electricity and water prices than expected. Figure 6: Power and electricity prices in the Yakuza River between energy and national energy for large rivers in 2014-2022 as compared to figure 7:2019-2023 (M$/mwh, including taxes) Compared with (M$/mwh, without taxes)
The country’s current net profit level is $2 billion, and we expect that, in 2027, the country’s ability to make the river more profitable, with both improved water and increased power from tap reservoirs, will have greater scope to float. In the long run, our analysis of the market’s absolute low-consistency properties of hydropower assets is not fully understood, and the valuations are still revalued.
First, the power of the company’s operating income is very special, and rainfall is absolutely decoupled from macroeconomics; second, in terms of product characteristics, hydropower is a small low-cost supply of end-consumption commodities, determining low-price risks; and, combined with the simple business model, the high quality of financial statements, the joint movement to improve the efficiency of water use, the characteristics of hydropower assets, etc.
It's the "all-round low-consortium difference." According to portfolio theory, the low-consortium asset is expected to be revalued on a continuous basis, with a long-term configuration value for the entire hydropower plate.
By the end of 2023, the company had the share-fired power component: 1) Reassembled assets with China in 2019, occupying more than 70% of the total installed and having coal-consortium attributes; 2) in 2021, the group injected high-quality fire-power assets in provinces such as Shandong, occupying about 20% of the total installed; 3) in recent years, new pit-hole units.
In addition, we analyse the quality of coal power assets from the engine parameters, the supply and demand of regional power, and the coal guarantee three dimensions of the company. 1) The engine parameters: the high parameter is the industry's lead. The engine parameters determine the level of coal consumption, usually the greater the power of the machine, the lower the power supply of the coal. By the end of 2023, the ratio of 600,000 kW and above in the coal unit of the company reached 70%.
Higher than HCI (55%) and HCI (50%). 2) Regional power supply and demand: the fleet is concentrated in electricity-stressed areas such as Huadong. The company ' s coal power unit is located mainly in the Central China region, large coal power bases and outlet channels, with Jiangsu, Anhui, and Zhejiang holding 47%.
We also focus on the East China region, where the power grid will continue to be power-stressed in the next few years, with the company ' s coal unit using 5163 hours in 2023, far higher than the energy industry (4388 hours). 3) Coal security: coal conglomerates plus pit vent power stations have an advantage in the cost of coal. By the end of 2023, the national electricity supply had an advantage.
In addition, the company is involved in three coal mines, totalling 31 million tons of capacity. In April, the company announced that it was planning to transfer 50% of the total share of the national electricity supply (the Zahato mine) at $6,739 million.
According to the announcement, the net value of the national investment in electricity and electricity is $4.7 billion, the corresponding shareholding is $2.35 billion, the trade premium is nearly double, and the expected contribution is a one-time profit of $4 billion.
The Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Capacity Price Mechanism, which declares that the long-awaited market-based Coal Power Capacity Price Mechanism is officially in place, proposes that the cost of the capacity be determined on the basis of the recovery of a percentage of the fixed cost, which is clearly borne by downstream users, and that the rate of recovery of the fixed cost be increased to no less than 50 per cent (150 yuan per kilowatt-year).
For companies, based on the annual compensation rate of $100/dry tiles, about 7,000 dry tiles of fire power chargeable at a price of 7 billion yuan per year, and after deducting the value added tax, income tax, and gains and losses on minority shareholders, the measure of the return performance contributed about 2 billion yuan. In the context of the construction of new power systems, we analyse the introduction of capacity electricity prices as a business model for coal power companies.
Under the current level of compensation, electricity prices remain a fundamental factor in determining the profits of coal companies, but the policy guidelines continue to increase after 2026, contributing to a steady increase in coal power performance.
New sources of energy: high-quality development with complementary high-quality development of selected projects 14 5 new energy loading targets of 70-80gw were proposed in the month, national electricity “Accelerating low-carbon transformation” was proposed in April 2022, new energy loadings 35gw were added during the 1450 period, and new energy loadings for 2021-2023 were added 89,
315, 7.24 kilowatts, or 32% of the 1455 targets (the wind power, the light voltage, 296, and 8.33 million kilowatts, respectively). Of these, wind power is concentrated in the three northern regions of Liaoning, Xinjiang, and Inner Mongolia, where light voltage is concentrated mainly in areas of tension in the supply of electricity such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, etc. According to the company ' s 2023 report, the net profits of the new energy division have been realized.
2.23 billion yuan, an increase of 42 per cent from 2020.Figure 9: Company ' s 2023 wind and power sub-provincial layout (billion kWh) 5. Profit forecasting and valuation
In the context of the current electricity market environment, coal supply and demand, corporate strategic planning for 1455 and construction projects, the following three components are discussed:
1) Fireboards: Almost all of the assets of the company's fire and electricity operations are coal power, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, the company's coal power unit's profit stability and profitability are at the top of its peers' ranks, in the context of the market transformation of the power system and the China-China coal conglomerate model. On the other hand, under the new power system, the coal power unit has been upgraded to a secure power source, with capacity.
In 2024, the company is expected to realize a net profit of around $4 billion from coal-fired electricity. Reference is made to the value level of mainstream coal-fired enterprises, such as Energy International, which is estimated at 11 times greater than that of 2024, and the corresponding company, Fireboards, which are valued at $44 billion.
With about 3.5gw installed (with a tap reservoir power station), and with Sichuan power supply strains, market-based reforms and a three-fold boost, we expect the company’s hydroelectric subsector to make a net return profit of about $2.4 billion in 2024. The reference is 20 times the year, and the corresponding company’s hydropower plate is worth $48 billion.
3) New energy plates: We expect the company’s 2024 new energy plates to yield a net return of about $3 billion to the mother. By reference to the level of valuation of comparable companies, such as the three gorges, we give the company 14 times the value of the 2024 new energy plates, corresponding to the value of the new energy plates of $42 billion.
The profits from the above sub-sources do not take into account inter-branch offsets, and the increase in the cash value of the company's sale of the national electricity investment is not taken into account in the above calculations, since it is not currently known when the profits from the sub-sources are to transfer 50 per cent of the equity in national electricity construction or a one-time profit of 4 billion orders.
The company’s charter promised a share of cash in red as no less than 30% of the profits distributed in the year. In 2023, 1) the price of coal was higher than expected. Even though the company’s coal unit was tied to the depth of China’s Senghua, the price of coal was higher than expected.
The company will continue to put pressure on the company’s fuel costs, which in turn will affect its performance. 2) Impairment is beyond expectations. The company has a large capacity of power installed, and may face uncertainty of impairment in the case of coal power phase-out small units, inefficient units, and new energy projects terminated for environmental reasons.
The company’s high level of receivables (or arrears for new energy subsidies) will affect the company’s performance if the impairment is higher than expected. 3) New energy installations are not as high as expected. There are currently limited quality new energy projects, both in terms of new energy resources and consumption, which will affect the company’s performance if the company’s new energy is not installed as expected.
On page 18 / 20 in total, the individual opinion of the issuer is accurately reflected. I do not have, nor will I have any direct or indirect connection with the specific investment opinion or opinion in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, in an independent and objective manner.