Tungwee shares (600438) Silicon + Batteries double-chilling tap, ready for drop-down, 19/02/1919
• Global parities, stars and seas; double-entry, deep-seated: a reversal of domestic photovoltaic policies in early November, a full-scale push for parity in January, partial subsidy projects to ensure a smooth transition to full parity, and a gradual entry into full parity in the country after next year; a downward trend in prices in the industrial chain after 531 has led to demand abroad
Sexual release, combined with wind-voltage policies abroad, increased demand in the United States, Europe, Japan, India, etc., is expected to be 47, 60gw, 80+, 90+gw, and 120+, 150+gw, respectively, in 19 and 20 years.
Sze Yongxiang shares 10 years of light voltage, and battery film operations began in 2015 with a silicon plus high-efficiency battery double-dipsingle. The multi-crystal silicon pattern is in the phase-out competition, and Yongxiang leads by the silicon dragonhead: silicon produces low-cost energy.
The market phase-out competition has begun. In terms of capacity, the subsidiary has a 17-year silicon capacity of about 20,000 tons at the end of the year, October and December 18th, the first and the first phase of the package.
Twenty-five thousand tonnes/year (actual capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year) have been produced separately, with an actual capacity of 80,000 tonnes/year in the first quarter of this year and an expected forward capacity of 140,000 tonnes/year. On the cost side, the company has improved the efficiency of resource energy use through the “multi-crysilica+chemistry model” and has transformed the efficiency gains through technology.
The average cost of production for 17 years is 588,000 yuan per ton, compared to 55,000 tons in 18 years, while the cost of production will fall to less than 40,000 yuan per ton, and the cost of cash will fall to less than 30,000 yuan per ton, leading the world.
250% +, creating corporate global multi-crystal silicon locomotives, and significantly increasing performance. The path to efficiency begins with perc; the Tungwee industry leads the way, with a photovoltaic platform: the single crystal perc battery is more efficient, more spatially and more productive, the runners and overseas demand rises, and the price is counterproductive.
15% to $1.3/w. Company combing and Chengdu base battery production capacity is 3gw, 18-year-olds 3.2gw, early 19-year-olds 3gw compost, which will produce a total of 12gw battery production capacity, of which perc is about 9gw, with 8gw single crystal perc to be added in 2019, with forward planning of 30gw.
Company battery sheets, multi-crystal non-silicon costs have stabilized at 0.2-0.25 yuan/w, perc battery conversion efficiency of more than 22%, clearly leading the industry, and continuing to promote mitigation efficiency. Battery production this year is expected to increase steadily in the agro-pastoral sector, and the fishing light-based industry works together: the company is a leader in the aquaculture feed industry.
By 2018h, the power plant had accumulated more than 848 mw, with a flat price of light.
The time has come for companies to be active, and the future is expected to be stable performance.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profit for 18-20 years to be global silicon + perc batteries, with production costs in the first echelon, respectively.
1. The two industries combine the two industries, with the two industries, which are rich in light-voltage, and the two industries, which are leading the way together.
The industry is centred on the feed industry, which is the world’s leading water feed producer and the country’s major livestock feed producer, and the sales are among the highest in the country’s agro-forestry and pastoral fishing plates, where the share of the country’s water feed is already over 12-15%. The new energy industry is centred on multiple crystalline silicons and battery plates, with autonomous property rights to assist in the deployment of photovoltaic chains, which are increasingly driving new energy sources.
Industrial development, which is a key development module for companies in the future. Figure 1: The company's multi-year deep-farm silicon business, with agriculture and new energy, injects cell block assets into a photovoltaic map.
The Stars Group established the Yingxiang resin of Leshan, which was mainly produced at pvc, and in 2006 the Yingxiang resin of Leshan invested in the formation of Leisan and Sichuan Yuxiang, who set foot in the silicon industry, and in 2007 changed their shares to Sichuan Yongxiang, Inc., which officially launched multi-crystal silicon production. In 2008, the Tonway shares were controlled at $191 million.
In 2010, with a slower recovery in the price of multi-crystal silicon, the shares were sold 50% of their shareholdings at $248 million to the controlling shareholders. In 2016, the companies each acquired shares in Yongxiang (multi-crysilica) and the new energy sources of Tungwee (photo-voltaic power) and composted them.
In 2008, a solar-voltage fair was held in Asia; one edition of 1,000 tons of crystal-silicon was put into production. In 2011, Sichuan Intang-Silicon produced 3,000 tons of crystals a year in its second phase.
The Silicon project was launched. The multi-crystal silicon tetrachlorinated silicone cold hydride energy-saving technologies project was successfully launched in 2015, with capacity exceeding 15,000 tons/year, up to the top three in the country; the technology indicators, product quality, and production costs industries were advanced in the industry. In June 2017, the Insistium silicon was filled up to 20,000 tons; Leisan and the head were high-purified silicon and accompanied by new energy lines.
On October 31, 2018, the Inner Mongolia Tungwei pure crystal silicon project was launched, and on December 28, 2018, the Inescapable New Energy high pure silicon project was launched, with an annual production capacity of 80,000 tons, joining the world’s first legion.
Phase 1 of pvc was completed in 2004, with capacity of 50,000 tons pvc/year, and phase 2 pvc in 2005, with capacity of 100,000 tons pvc/year; phase 1 of 1,000 tons of crystallized silicon was successfully operational
(a) Completion of the Sichuan Yongxiang Dosilium Silicon II project in 2011 with a yearly production of 3,000 tons of polysilicon;
In 2016, the permanent silicon project was successfully launched with 150,000 tons of ion membrane alkali modification, in 2017 with a capacity of 20,000 tons by filling it up, and in Laishan and the high-purity silicon with a new energy package. On 31 October 2018, the Inner Mongolia Tungwee project was launched.
On December 28, 2018, the Inescapable New Energy high-purity silicon project came into operation, with an annual production capacity of 80,000 tons, in the world’s First Legion, which holds the shares of Mr. Liu Han Won as the conglomerator. The Consort Shareholder Group holds 52.45% of the shares of the subsidiary listed as the first major shareholder of the listed company.
The President of the Bureau, Liu Han Won, holds 80 per cent of the shares of the Tonway Group and the statutory representative of the Tonway Group holds 20 per cent of the shares of the Tonway Group, both of which are husband and wife.
By 2016, the company, which is based on aquatic feed, had a stable annual harvest and net profit. In 2016, the company acquired the never-for-many crystals, tungsten solar energy, and compost, and the company’s profitability increased rapidly after joining the luminous business. In 2016, the company sold 15.73 per cent of its gross domestic product.
The sales net interest rate was 4.90 per cent for the same year +2.35 pct, an increase of 2.47 pct for the same year. The sales rate was 19.42 per cent for companies in 2017, with photovoltaic operations accounting for more than half of the gross Maori. Photovoltaic operations accounted for 39 per cent of the company ' s operating income in 2017, luminous businesses accounted for 54 per cent of the total, and photovolts for more than other businesses.
Figure 7: Photovoltaic operations accounted for about 39 per cent (2017a) 1.3. Technology-modified industries lead the way, with boosted production plans taking advantage of the pursuit of multi-crystal silicon, with a long-share share since the completion of the tetrachlorinated silicone cold hydrogen conservation technology at the end of March 2015
The production of silicon has increased steadily, and the unit cost has gradually declined. Production grew by 17.71% in 2016, with more than 2017q1 crystal silicon producing more than 1,300 tons per month. Cash costs have fallen below $45,000 per ton at the end of 2016, and production costs have fallen below $60,000 per ton, compared with China's Photovoltaic Association, which at the time was considered to be a leader for production costs below $70,000 per ton.
In March 2017, the company launched the "50,000 tons of high crystalline silicone extension project": in August 2017, the company launched the "50,000 tons of high pure silicone expansion project." New energy is evident in relation to the price of electricity and energy consumption of older energy.
In terms of batteries, in 2016, the company reduced the cost of processing to about $0.03/w by increasing the level of automation of production lines, enhancing management efficiency, and staffing structure.
The Chengdu II 2gw high-efficiency single-crystal cell project, which took only seven months to complete production, was reduced to less than $1.1/w in 2017 for solar power, and to close to $1.1/w for single-crystal cell production, all of which were reduced to less than 0.3/w in November 2017 for single-crystal cell processing.
Launching of 10gw high-efficiency silicon cell projects to further expand competitive advantage. Global parities, stars and seas; high-efficiency pathways, starting with perc 2.1. Global parities, stars and seas.
The photovoltaic industry, with both clean and economic attributes, is growing rapidly. As countries increasingly focus on environmental protection and the cost of photovoltaic power is declining, global photovoltaic electricity consumption in 2017 fell rapidly from 0.36 million dollars/kwh in 2010 to 0.1 million/kwh in 2017, a 72% drop, the most rapid of all renewable energy types.
Rapid energy. In addition, national policies have been driving energy structural transformation, and photovoltaics have grown rapidly. Global/Chinese photovoltaic additional installed capacity was 103/44gw in 2018, compared to +3%/-17%. In the future, as the cost of photovoltaic products has been reduced and the cost of non-technical technologies has improved, the country’s photovoltaic electricity will become more affordable online, with cleaner and more economical devices.
The photovoltaic industry, with its dual attributes, is expected to rise to a larger growth space. In 2019-2020, the capacity of the additional photovoltaics worldwide is expected to reach about 123gw/150gw, an increase of 19/22% from 2018. (i) Domestically, policy reversals + price parities are expected to bring a rebound in demand.
Domestically, China experienced a low rate of light-voltage growth as a result of its 531 policy in 2018. In 2018, the domestic photo-voltaics installed on 44gw, although significantly cooler than in 2017, were much higher than the previous industry’s pessimistic expectations.
Four private entrepreneurs from the photovoltaic industry participated in the symposium, among them Liu Han Won, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Toonway, who made a presentation on the photovoltaic industry and energy transformation, highlighting the difficulties faced by the industry. On November 2, the National Energy Agency convened a symposium to discuss the adjustment of development planning objectives in the areas of “135” photovoltaics, photovoltaic power generation, etc.
(a) It is clear that before 2022 there were subsidies for photovoltaics, and that subsidized projects were connected to the Internet at peaceful prices: (b) each year the size of the subsidy will be reduced, with a significant increase in the 1305-voltage construction target, considering that 210-gw is not enough to give market stability expectations for more years of policies related to the photovoltaic industry.
Power grids, power companies, banks, etc. will all be actively supporting the photovoltaic industry, with 19 years of champions, poverty alleviation, distribution and expectations, and the business banking environment is expected to recover from the ice point. Some of the leaders’ projects are below the electric price of the fire, and the parity year will come.
The low-medium bid is 0.31 yuan/kwh, which is already below the electricity price of the fire. In 2018, the difference between the price of the eight pilot bases and the local price of the fire pole is below 0.1 yuan/kwh. In our judgement, in the second half of 2019, large parity items will emerge, and the domestic market will gradually be free of subsidies.
(ii) High overseas demand has risen, parities have grown to strong overseas demand and policy support for emerging markets. In 2018, 59gw aircraft were installed abroad, a 24 per cent increase. According to the latest report by the énergytrend, the gw level market will increase from 6 in 16 to 15 in 19 years.
According to national photovoltaic planning policies, about 30 countries will enter the size of the gw class in the future. In order to achieve the goal of installing 175gw renewable energy by 2022, the Government of India will invest another 60gw of solar energy per year between 2018 and 2020, with the Indian market most likely to sustain high growth in the future.
Globally, it has already achieved parity in most parts of the world. Since 2016, in countries such as the United Arab Emirates, the United States, and India, when bidding publicly for the right to develop photovoltaic projects, the winning price has been about 0.2 yuan/kWh.
The project winning only one third of the local price of electricity. In 2020, the global need for additional photovoltaics was more than 150gw. We believe that the Chinese market recovered in 2019, that the sea was rising, that China and the global loading were expected to reach 47, 123gw, and that the full-scale parity project in the second half of 19 would be completed.
In China, the number of countries with foreign parities will continue to increase. We expect China, with 60 and 150gw installed globally in 2020. China, with 90 and 240gw installed globally in 2022.
The PV chain is divided into five segments: silicon, silicon, batteries, components and applications. The silicon, silicon, is the upper part of the industrial chain, with heavy assets, high technical barriers; the battery, assembly, is the middle of the industrial chain, with greater properties for manufacturing, high levels of investment in the battery chain, and rapid technological upgrading. The components are small assets, channels, brands, and so on.
With lower monocrystal consumption, higher battery efficiency and lower cut wire damage (future thinning trends), the light voltage cell silicon consumption continues to decline, and single crystals continue to deplete.
Perc cell silicon consumption has dropped to under 3.3g/w this year. Based on the trend of single-watt silicon consumption, total multi-crystal silicon production is expected to be 34.2, 39.6 and 450.0 million tons in 18-20. By 2020, silicon material will form five siliconsymogens, masculinity, mutation, hope for the East, and Tungwei, respectively.
Silicon production capacity is entering in large numbers, and surplus is expected to continue. After 531 in 2018, downstream demand fell sharply, while multi-crystal silicon production capacity, which was put in place in the early stages, began to enter in large numbers. Although 19q2 demand is expected to return, the excess situation is difficult to reverse, and the market phase-out competition has begun.
At the micro level, due to the low price of silicon, the capacity of the silicon continues to grow, and the pvinforlink data show that the production capacity of 18h2 smelting cloud cores, Dongming, Dongming, Middle Capable Non-Self-Owned Power Stations has been partially suspended, while on the other hand, the capacity of the silicon plant has been optimized, and the silicon (Xinjiang), East Hope, Eternity has been suspended.
Head, Leysan, Oci, and the new primary production energy released, allowing silicon production to climb rapidly until the end of last year. These additional capacity costs are low, and the price of silicon is expected to recover after release. 19h2 silicon prices are expected to rise steadily. Silicon supplies are still climbing, while 19q1 will enter the low season and demand is expected.
Negative, silicon demand may continue to fall, 19q2 silicon production capacity is largely completed, lag capacity is gradually cleared, demand is expected to return gradually, supply and demand of silicon is improved and silicon prices are expected to rise steadily.
Global battery production is concentrated in Asia and China. In 2017, global battery production was about 123.2gw, with a total output of about 104.3gw, an increase of 39.1 per cent over the same period. In terms of layout, battery production in Asia is about 121.9gw, about 98 per cent of the world ' s total, and 102.9gw, or about 98.6 per cent of the world ' s total, is concentrated.
Figure 22: Rapid growth in global battery production, which is concentrated on the head in a pattern. In 2017, the top 15 battery companies, the largest in the world, produced 64.9gw and produced 57.5gw, representing more than half of total global production.
The output capacity of Tes, Crystal and Tungwee is above 5gw, and the subsequent expansion plan focuses on high-efficiency batteries, such as single crystal perc batteries, with Tungwee, Lungi, Aishu and others at the forefront. The profits of conventional batteries have fallen. In 2018, overall domestic demand fell short of expectations, especially after the 531 policy.
Short-hand beheadings, falling prices in the whole industry chain, squeezed from the upper and lower stages of the battery as an intermediate, and although lower prices for upstream singles and multi-chip silicons have led to a significant reduction in the cost of battery film manufacture, the downstream market for cellular purchases is heavily priced, the marginal production of conventional batteries is largely suspended, and prices are constantly adjusted at the battery mills.
G, the rate of Maori in the conventional battery chain has been falling and has been on the verge of a loss. 2.4.perc batteries are expected to enjoy a premium that will reach the peak of domestic manufacturers in 19 years.
High-efficiency battery technologies such as pert, topcon, hjt, ibc. The conversion efficiency of conventional bsf multi-chip/single crystal batteries is currently 18.7% or 20.2%, while perc batteries can be more efficient than 22%, and faster perc batteries are easier to produce, with non-military surges. Perc batteries are general bsf technology improvements with blunt backs.
The process would only require adding aluminium oxide plating to the conventional battery production line, a laser opener process and a nationalization of the main equipment, which would make it easier to produce in quantities. The remaining challenge is that of multi-crystal perc batteries (deficit, unknown reasons). Perc battery applications vary from single crystals to single crystals.
On the one hand, there is a premium for efficient products, and on the other hand, there is a premium for high-efficiency products, and on the other hand, there is no nominal capacity for single crystal batteries, and after the 18q4 season, there is a significant rebound in high-efficiency products. The single crystal perc is more common, and the normal crystals have no premium advantage, so in the medium term, perc will be.
The average single crystal battery will disappear for labelling purposes. The height of the single crystal perc battery project has a peak in expansion, which can reach 30-40% based on investments of 500 million/gw. Figure 29: Battery price - silicon plate price (US$/share)
On the demand side, perc batteries are growing rapidly after they have become mainstream. The need for more demand in downstream markets, coupled with the need to lower them, is urgent, and this together leads to efficient photovoltaic products becoming a necessary trend in market development.
The demand for high-efficiency batteries in the downstream market is expected to continue to rise in 2019. Based on 20 years of industry demand of 150gw, 75% of monocrystal markets, and the assumption that perc will become battery-marking technology, 20 years of perc battery demand is expected to reach around 100gw.
On the one hand, it is clear that Taiwan's first-to-be producers are less competitive in terms of efficiency and non-silicon costs because of equipment, etc., and on the other hand, domestic manufacturers usually have lower manufacturing costs. The cost of cellular production is about 30% of the cost of silicon, but because of the cost of silicon.
For uniformity, non-silicon costs are a key factor in determining the price of batteries, and now mainstream domestic manufacturers are in the lead, competing for new perc batteries in China, peaking in 19 years. Downstream favors speeded up the manufacture of batteries, businesses opted for expansion and technological change in 2018, and, according to the Solarzoom think tank, as of late 2018, China.
With a perc battery capacity of 60gw or more, as the market demand for perc batteries peaks in four quarters, the perc battery production capacity in four quarters in 2018 will be almost 100%. Battery companies believe that perc batteries are the main market for the future and will peak in 2019 for perc batteries.
Polycrystal silicon has a strong cost advantage, and expansion has a strong comparative advantage 3.1. Tonway is at the front end of the market, and 19 years of delivery will be at the top of the world, and in the case of multisilic silicon operations, the company's shares are the first solar-grade polysilicon technology to be studied in the country.
One of the producing firms, and one of the few silicon suppliers in the country that can meet the requirements of high-efficiency monocrystal silicon production, has a long-term commitment to technological closure and technological innovation, constantly improving the quality of products, improving production efficiency, and reducing production costs. With a robust silicon production capacity, the long-term real capacity will reach 140,000 tons.
In 2017, the construction of the first two "50,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy items" was launched. In October and December 2018, the first and first phases of Le Shan (twenties/years) were put into production, each of which would amount to 30,000 tons/year after delivery, with the company expected to produce 201,901 tons after the first and third month of climb.
With the release of the second phase of production, the forward company ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity is expected to reach 140,000 tons per year. Expansion is at the front end of the industry. Main domestic producers began expanding their production in 2017 and 2018, and new capacity will be released centrally in 2019.
Businesses have no expansion plans in 2018. Progress is at the front end of the industry. 3.2. Cost advantages are clear, with further space available. The fall in the cost of polycrystal silicon is mainly due to lower energy costs. About 40% of the multicrysil silicon costs come from energy, falling in the future.
This space is dominated by reduced electricity prices and consumption; depreciation is 12 to 19%; new energy-producing equipment is essentially nationalized, and investments are strong. The multi-crystal silicon + chemical recycling industry model improves resource energy efficiency.
The business model is characterized by a combination of material recycling and cleaner production, maximizing the transformation of waste into resources and increasing the combined use of resources, while reducing production energy consumption and production costs.
In March 2015, Yongxiang completed a combination of energy-saving techniques such as the cold hydrogenization of tetrachlorinated silicon, reducing the combined consumption of electricity to about 75 kwh/kg. In October 2015, the combined consumption of the multi-crystal silicon operation energy dropped to less than 70 kwh/kg and was a leader in the industry.
In the second half of 2017, the amount of silicon powder used for the production of multi-crystal silicon increased significantly by 10,000 yuan per ton, or 73.16 per cent. There is still room for further decline in electricity prices, and the cost of new energy units will run globally.
There have been dozens of improvements and improvements in state-of-the-art, system reliability. Sichuan hydropower resources are abundant. As a traditional coal power province, Cu is the first low-priced team in the country, after Xinjiang. By the end of 2018, the company's multi-crystal silicon capacity reached 80,000 tons/year, and the cost of new production will be further reduced to 40,000 yuan/tonne.
Following, the cash cost was reduced to less than $30,000 per ton, leading the world. 3.3. Silicon taps are tied to ensure production capacity is eliminated. In May 2018, the company entered into long-term sales contracts with the Central Ring and Lungi, respectively, with the Central Ring contract with 2018-
In 2021, the ring shares purchased approximately 70,000 tons of polycrystal silicon from Tungwee shares, of which no less than 1.14 million tons in 2018 and approximately 2-25 million tons per year in 2019-2021. The contract with Lungi agreed to sell a combined 55,000 tons of sales for the period 2018-2020.12.
The performance risk associated with price fluctuations or fluctuations in procurement requirements is low. 4. Battery film drops to build a global perc battery tap 4.1.
Since its inception, the company has been specialized in the development, production, and marketing of crystal silicon batteries. In the first three quarters of 2013, the company was affected by the “double reversal” of our photovoltaic products and its own poor operation.
In October 2013, the Tomway Group completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in the compost company and immediately started the resumption of production, and the company did not operate in 2013 because the compost company was in the process of debugging the equipment that resumed production in the fourth quarter of 2013. Since 2014, with the combustible product, 32 high-efficiency multi-crysilica cells have been produced.
Lines are gradually returning to production and improving the quality of the company ' s products, and are gradually gaining approval from front-line brand customers in the country. In 2014 and 2015, sales were 663.10mw and 1598.11mw, respectively. The company was the leader of the domestic third-party battery.
Construction of 2.4gw multi-crystal cell capacity and 1gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery capacity, which was expanded from 1gw to 3gw in 2017. The high-efficiency single-crystal cell capacity of 3.2gw high-quality single-crystal cell at Chengdu double-flow base in November 2018, the compost base 2.3gw high-efficiency single-crystal cell capacity is expected to be completed in 19q1, and the company will produce a total 10.9gw battery capacity in November 2017.
In 2018, with a total output of more than 6.5gw solar energy far ahead of other manufacturers, the forward planning of 20gw high-efficiency silicone crystal cell capacity. In 2017, the company disclosed 10gw investments in compost and Chengdu, combined with a 20gw high-efficiency silicone cell production project, with a total investment of 12 billion yuan in both projects.
4.2. Technology leads, conversion efficiency leads, and crystal silicon cells are the most central link in the entire crystalline silicone light-voltage chain for PV conversion, which is capital and technology.
In addition, the company uses the antipid ozone process to ensure long-term stability and reliability of batteries based on maximum power and working currents, as well as selection based on reverse currents and combined electrical resists. At the same time, the company performs quality control, conducts 100% full-looking inspections of products and ensures that the battery is out of range.
Observing quality and colour consistency, by improving packaging and materials, delaying the oxidation of the battery and extending the use of the battery. The main performance indicators such as the conversion efficiency of the company ' s multi-crystal silicon battery, the light decay ratio, the electrodes attached strength, the aluminium back yard attached strength, etc. were tested to be advanced in the country.
In addition, anti-intellectual decay performance passed the Pid test in Nandetuv, the company battery conversion efficiency lead industry. As company technology is rising, p monocrystal and multi-crystal battery technology is increasing.
Technological improvements continued, with average conversion efficiencies of 20.5 per cent and 18.8 per cent for the company ' s conventional production lines in 2017 and 21.3 per cent and 19.2 per cent for the advanced production lines of the launch polar back-to-back contact technology (perc) and black silicon technology, respectively, with the most efficient perc cell conversion efficiency having reached 22.1 per cent in mid-2018.
In 2018, combing solar energy worked with the national hex-efficient battery research team to actively investigate the production of hex-efficient cells. The hex-efficient cells were recognized as the most promising next generation of high-efficiency crystalline silicon batteries with high conversion efficiency, low light response, low light failure, etc.
In 18 years, high-efficiency components developed autonomously by combustible solar energy have been certified by the Monitoring and Inspection Centre as having the highest capacity for passivation-launching polar contact with single crystal battery assemblies at 421.9w.
The conversion efficiency was 20.7 per cent; the maximum power of the hex crystallized cell modules was 442w in 18 years, the conversion efficiency of the components was 21.7 per cent, and the world record of photovoltaic component power and efficiency was broken twice. 4.3. Non-silicon costs are the highest in the world, with significant advantages.
Battery costs fall mostly from non-silicon costs. Battery costs are mostly from silicon, or about 68%, and the remainder are referred to as non-silicon costs, the main part of which is silver syrup, and future decreases are mainly due to a decline in single consumption and national production of silver slurry. Non-silicon costs are below 0.3 yuan/w, with a low lead.
Optimizing the company’s production processes and processes, while ensuring the quality of its products, while significantly improving the company’s production efficiency, has enabled the public to optimize production costs on a continuous basis. By December 2017, the company’s solar cell billing and multi-crystal non-silicon costs had stabilized at 0.2-0.3 yuan/w and were on a continuous downward trend. According to China’s Photovolt Association, 24 January 2018, in light.
The company is at the forefront of the industry when the cost of solar cell processing is only 50-60% of the industry level. The company’s ability to control the cost of production puts the overall cost of production at the top of the industry.
In close cooperation with domestic equipment providers, the production of equipment is being promoted. Perc processes produce all domestic equipment. Batteries are more intense than upstream multi-crylic silicon and downstream components, with industry investing on average at about $5-1 billion/gw.
In recent years, domestic manufacturers have increased their cooperation with equipment suppliers, which has led to a steady decline in equipment investment. The company’s perc production is now fully nationalized, with 70 per cent of the remaining equipment coming from national production and 30 per cent from imports.
In agriculture, the company's main business is research, production and marketing of water feed, animal feed, and so on.
The company has been using scientific research technology as a powerful driver of core competitiveness, newly developed hydro-feeds in 2017 for “skins”, intestinals, “milk-creams” for large-scale pig farms, immuno-enhanced animals for aquaculture, and livestock-scale farming for 37 innovative products, such as “smoke-reduced microbacterization systems”, as well as good market responses.
The original “365” aquaculture model, the “3 out of 3” pig farming efficiency model, which promotes the intellectualization and scale of farming, has further boosted the direct marketing of high-quality clients. Farming operations have improved steadily and increased in real terms.
In 2016, Tumway pioneered a “fishing light” model that combines green intelligent aquaculture with photovoltaic power generation to achieve “underwater production of green water products, water”.
A green development model that produces clean energy. That is, aquaculture in pond water bodies is accompanied by a pattern of solar power generation with photovoltaic components on the surface of the water. Economic benefits: the project “Fisheries as One” of 30mw is profitable on average by about 338,000 yuan/acre.
Data, for example, on the project “Fisheries One” in Sunyang, 750 acres of ponds, 30 mw power stations, with a total static investment of $282 million, with a total investment of about $366 million over 25 years. The first year of the project generated 36 million kW (48,000 kW/year, a price per year). Based on the average 25-year electricity price of 1 kW/kW, the profits from electricity generation are 28.7 million kW/acre and the profits from farming are 0.5 million kW/m
As of 2018h1, the company had built 40 “fishing light”-based power generation projects, with a cumulative capacity of 848mw. Successful grid-connected electricity generation projects included 20mw “fishlights one” photovoltaic power station, 20mw ultimatum 20mw photovoltage power station, and 30mw farm in Bayan Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin.
Light complementarities photovoltage stations, Jiangsu's East 35mw “Fishing Light One” photovoltaic power station, Jiang Xiaocheng 20mw “Fiking Light One” photovoltaic power station, An Xining 20mw “Firing Light One” photovoltaic power station, Guangdong Hill 25mw “Firing Light One” photovoltaic power station, Guangxichen State 40mw “Fishing Light One” photovoltaic power station, Sichuan Tunghua 20mw Agrolight One electric power station
In the process of generating electricity, the company focused mainly on differential competitiveness, building and upgrading, highlighting the combined efficiency advantages of “sustainable water-based clean energy and water-efficient, high-quality water products.” At the same time, it was pushing the speed of photovoltaic flat-cost Internet access around the drop-off target of “543.”
The data from the Sobi Photovoltaic Network show that we farm 120 million acres of water, of which 40 million are ponds, based on 25 per cent of the Tonway family ponds, under the assumption that we will build and expand 1 million acres of “light as one” ponds (silent suns, as in two counties in the east, with an additional 10,000 acres per year), and produce 1.5 million tons of fish per year (1.5 tons per acre).
An increase of 2 million tons (2 tons/acre) per year, an increase of 8 billion yuan ($400/ton) in feed; an increase of 35 billion yuan ($35,000/acre/year) in annual electricity generation at a photovoltaic power station of 30-50gw.
With regard to multi-crystal silicon, assuming a multi-crystal silicon market of 28.13 million tons in 2018/19/20, and a multi-crystal silicon production cost of 23 times more, the company will build a global silicon +perc battery double-dips, with production costs in the first echelon, which is expected to be at the risk of policy adjustment. Since 2014, the country has introduced a series of incentives to support the development of the photovoltaic industry.
The industry still needs government subsidy support, and if subsidies fall too fast in the future, the profit margins of photovoltaic companies will be compressed, thus affecting the company’s performance. Downstream demand will not be as risky as expected.
The company’s capacity is not as fast as expected. If the company’s multi-crystal silicon, battery capacity, is not fast enough, it will have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
The technology path changes mostly. The company has a high share of single crystal perc, the current technology path for producing high-efficiency batteries is dominated by single crystal perc, and in the future it may have a negative impact on the company if the technology path changes more than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board