Annual Report 2021 and Quarterly Review 2022: 22 years q1 performance increases at a very high rate, maintaining a positive view of the steady development of the light module  Events: 24 April, midsummit released the 2021 annual report and the 2022 q1 report, with revenue of 2021
In North America, cloud producers’ priority customers have increased capital spending and the opportunity to deploy 400 g and 200 g in bulk, and the company’s main initiative is to keep the volume of goods from overseas growing. In the domestic telecommunications market, demand is less pronounced than it was last year.
Growth has led to a decline in corporate income from 5g products compared to 2020; therefore, demand suggests that the market continues to flourish and demand for lumino-module modules continues to rise, but since it takes a certain amount of time for customers to import new products such as 400g and to gradually release their productive capacity, performance in 2021 has followed a pre- and post-high trend, running quarterly.
▪ The high-speed light module industry continues to have a good climate, and companies, as leaders in the field of light, continue to strengthen their leadership: with the advantage of leading R&D capabilities, low-cost product manufacturing capabilities, and full delivery capabilities, companies are ranked among the highest in terms of volume and market share in the industry. Lightcounting ranked among light module manufacturers in 2021.
At the end of the technology-level, the market and market share of the current dominant products 200g and 400g are constantly increasing, and new profits are being exploited.
Midmiddle Cricket (300308): Medium Cricket Growth Point, modeling, testing and authentication of 800g light modules to clients completed in 2021: 400g silicon core 3-quarter review 2021: performance acceleration
The Fab rate has been continuously raised, while the development of the 800g silicon chip has been completed. In related areas, 400 gzr and steady, products such as 200gzr, which are long-term for data-centre interconnection or telecommunications-city area network settings, have been produced and delivered in small quantities.
The Research Institute of the Craft Industries conducts pre-research work on key cpo technologies and continues to build advanced photochip industrialization platforms and 2.5d and 3d hybrid containment platforms. Dell'oro statistics show that in 2026, the global data centre's capital expenditure is expected to reach $350 billion. We believe that the cloud company's capital expenditure is expected to bring light module plants.
Midmiddle Cricket (300308); steady growth in business collections in 2021 and half, with companies continuing to look forward to steady growth in future performance as leaders in the light module area.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the latest financial reporting data, we have raised the middle profit margin.
Review: Keeping performance steady and up-to-date. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.