\triangleright, 24/04/2022
In the first quarter of 2022, operating income was 2,089 million yuan, representing an increase of 41.91 per cent in the same year, and in the second quarter of the year, the net profit from non-repatriation was 79.62 per cent. The net profit from non-repatriation was 79.62 per cent.
High offshore market demand continues to be high, with 22q1 performing well above expectations: overseas demand constructed the main driving force behind the Department ' s performance growth in 2021, and overseas demand has remained constant since the second quarter of 2021 and overseas market demand is expected to remain high (meta-represented clouds are used to calculate mega-capital spending).
Both are expected to grow further) and the light module industry will remain high. Against this background, the performance of the GDR 22q1 is exceeding expectations by 41.91% over the same year, and 63.38% over the same year for the net profit of the mother.
At the same time as the overall boom in the light module area, companies are steadily strengthening their own leadership as digital light module taps: omdia data show that their market share was the second highest in the world in 2021, with a significant increase in sales of 200g and 400g products, with companies occupying the city in the fourth quarter of 2021.
The rate was as high as 12%, with the highest market share rising in 2021 among the top 10 light module manufacturers. While the competitive advantage in 200g and 400g was continuously consolidated, companies continued to focus on the frontier areas \triangleright
In the short term, 800g products have been transferred from small batches to mass production, and 1. Mid-Station (300308.sz) reports that industry leads.
Repurchases highlight the value base and are intended to provide equity incentives to the head of the company, which has achieved a small amount of delivery. In the medium and long term, after many years of forward-looking layout, silicon light companies are now equipped with the scarce silicon chip self-design and encapsulation capabilities of the industry, and the 400g silicon light module has begun to enter the market.
In the entry phase, as the rate of fib of the silicon chip continues to rise, sufficient results have been achieved for the subsequent start-up of large-scale production. 800g silicon light products have been released, and 800 g has been consolidated.
Prepare, and at the same time, 800 g silicon chips have been developed successfully. At the same time, the company has launched the cpo 3.
In general, the company is well ahead of the industry in many of its frontier areas, and the future is likely to be full (300308.sz): three seasons of high performance.
Taking advantage of the development opportunities offered by technological changes in the light module industry. The move-in board is set to boost the development momentum, with products like 200g, 400g and so on benefiting fully from the demand from the downstream cloud giants.
Advances in areas such as 800g, the associated light module, and the silicon light module are at the forefront of the industry and are expected to fully seize the development opportunities offered by technological changes in the light module industry in the future. Maintain the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.