Repurchase highlights the value base to be used as an incentive for long-term corporate development Summary of events: On 7 April 2022, the company issued an announcement to use its own funds to repurchase shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction for the purpose of implementing the equity incentive scheme or the employee holding scheme.
The total amount of funds is not less than RMB 10 million (inclusive) and not more than RMB 20 million (inclusive). Repurchases highlight the bottom value to be used to implement equity incentives for long-term corporate development: companies are global
Light module taps, deep binding of many cloud computing giants downstream, with a clear edge in 200g and 400g products, are expected to fully benefit from the current downstream cloud computing of the giant’s needs. On this basis, the company has made extensive and deep layouts in many frontier areas, such as 800g, silicon light, and associated light modules, and will grow in the future by ten.
Among them, the 800g sector has a clear pre-eminence, and last year has been successful in reaching key clients and achieving small bulk deliveries, and this year will be a year of production. The current firm’s repurchase program reflects, to some extent, undervalued corporate prices, value bottoms, and buybacks will provide important support for corporate value, looking at the company’s long-term growth.
\Trangleright, in terms of overall industry demand \triangleright
As the meta, Microsoft and others announced their march into the cloud last year, cloud giants are expected to open a new round of capital spending competitions on the infrastructure side, Meta capex is expected to grow by more than 50% in 2022, and other cloud computing giant capex is expected to rise, and it is expected to pull up the upstream light model.
At the corporate level, the intermedial scavenging has multiple production options, both at home and abroad, and with 70% of overseas income, this year q1 has been less affected by the domestic epidemic. In a context of persistently high market demand, the silicon light field has been looking forward for many years, accelerating integration upstream into the industrial chain, and there is much room for future development: silicon light.
Mid-Silica Co. (300308.sz) reports a high degree of integration of solutions and good performance in terms of peak speed, energy consumption, cost, so that 800 g silicon light products are available and continue to consolidate 800 g first.
One of the key directions of the future development of the light module is that the company began to develop silicon chips a few years ago. The visual layout now has the capacity to design and encapsulate the scarce silicon chips in the industry.
During the 2022 exhibition, the company ' s 800g silicon light program was launched, further enriching the company ' s 800g product matrix. 3. Intermediate scavenging (300308): three quarters of high performance, moving.
And it's 400gdr4+ and 100gfr1 based on the autonomous design of the silicon chip, which has been added to the market import order and boosted by the engine of development at the entry stage, and which, taken as a whole, is at the forefront of the industry, with wide scope for future development.
\triangleright, 200g, 400g, etc. products will benefit fully from downstream cloud giants’ needs. At the same time, the company’s pre-eminent advantage in the 800g light module area is expected to fully benefit from the dividends of the technology replacement window period.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.