The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Enterprise Services has increased its operations by a large margin, forward-looking laser radar cash flows have grown significantly and capital operations have been optimized by a strategic layout. 21 years of net cash flows from operating activities
813 million yuan, y/y3647.48 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in sales income and the decrease in cash paid for goods and services. Work done in 21 years to issue shares to specific target groups, raising 2,699 million yuan. To promote the distribution of the PV industry chain and other high-tech fields, with Suzhou
1. “Performance traps have come to an end, and it is determined that the market will be upgraded.”
Increasing R & D inputs and increasing technological advantages for innovation. R & D has invested $566 million, y/y 8.5%, high-end product R & D and manufacturing processes have made steady breakthroughs and forward-looking layout laser radars. 800g light
Modules complete sample, test and authenticate; 400g silicon chips continue to improve; 800g silicon chips are successfully developed; 400gzr and 200gzr products are produced and exported in small batches; 1.6t silicon chip, cpo, 2.5d/3d are continuously built.
The 800g silicon light program was launched, enriching the 800g product matrix; 400gdr4+ and 100gfr1 market entry phase based on autonomous design of silicone chip. Light communication and laser radar bottom processes are linked to technology, and companies set up professional teams to study laser radars and explore new performance growth points.
With a high profile in a number of fields and a firm corporate leader. Lightcounting predicts 14% of the global light module city cagr over the next five years. With the benefit of data centre construction, the 5g network is well-placed, yole predicts that China’s light module market is expected to reach $3.3 billion in 2022, y/y22%.
West Count calls for faster direct access to East-West data, with 800-g speed light modules and associated long distance modules in demand. According to omdia, the company’s 21-year market share is the second highest worldwide, around 10%, and industry is a strong leader. The future business growth is expected to be 20% +.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment