Allowlyownedsubsidiaryofinamerchantsbank innolight (303008ch) buy (maintain)
Strong4q21/1q22resources;reinteratebuy targetprice (previoustp)
Up/downside innolightannouncedfy21and1q22resources.fy21revenue/npgrew9.2%/1.3% crrentprice
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Innocent'ssolid4q21/1q22resourcesystemlations.
I'm sorry, she's not here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here.
gpmimprovedto 28.1% in4q21from24.5%inq3, mainlyduedtofavorable produtmixashyperscalespsarerampupthedeploymentsfor 200g/400gopticalmodules.however, gpmin1q22droedto 26.3%as
It's not like we're going to have to do this, isultofcontinuingcomponshortageandreasingcostsystemtedby stockdata domesticpartialllockdown.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
omdia, innolighthadtakenup 12% marketshareintheopticaltransceir market (rankedno.2). The company hasgainedthemostshaamongthe top10players, mainlydrivenbytheinclusingsalesofits200gand400g
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
We're not going to be able to do that, we're not going to be able to do that, we're not going to be able to do that.
12-mthpriceperformance source: bloomberg auditor:pwczhongtiaan
I'm sorry, relatreports mgmt.calltakeaways: expectstrong demandfromdigitalinfrastructure
Source: companydata, cmigmestimates 2.opticaltransceiver:Implements fromrecent4q21resources (link)
4q21yearsreview time: companydata, and bigmestimates source: omdia, and bigmestimats
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
It's not like I've been working on it, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycmbigm outperform mark-perform
"underperform cm internationalglobalmalketslimited cm internationalglobalmalmätslimited" ("cmbigm") iawholnyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed
I'm not providindidually tailed vesmentative.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
And/orconclusionsdiffrommethisreport. The publicsreffectiffentassumption, point-of-viewandanalyticalmethodswhencompiliation. & bigmmayake invesicisonsortorting proprietarypositationhatareinconstativewiththeothercommensionsorviewsinthisreport. & Bigmmayhaveaposition, makemarketsoractaciasppalotageintransactionsinsinsecuritiesofcompaniesreferredhisreportforitsselfand/oronbehalf
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Thealysisnotsubject toapplicablerectionsunderfinrululesintendredtoensureth the alystinsnofoftaffordedbypostentialconfactsointerestthatcoultbourdofonserelibilityofothersearnreport.thethisportedffordforstoriedstates solelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefininedinrule15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof1934, anamended, andmaynetbefurnishtedtoanyotherofother
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Forcificent sofsisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfincialandvisersdefinedinthe financialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetataryauthorityofofsapore. and bisgmaydistbuteportsproducedbyitsresactiveforeignation
entityes, affiliatesororforignresearchhousestursuanttoamarrangementunderforceregulation 32 cof thefinancialdvisersregulations. wheretheotherportisistbuledinsingaporetoapersonwhoisnostancredidevestor, expertinistoraninstitutionalveinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)of singapore, cmbiscapacectslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsocentsosecondtosuchpersonslytotheextrequiredbylaw.singaprecientssions
And bisgat+65635044400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.