Profitability is high, pending core network equipment pcb powering, and power shares (002463.sz) 31/03/2021
• With the technological advantage of the market for calculus and car pcb, covering for the first time the strategy of giving a “buy-in” rating to companies to maintain differentiated competition, locking in high-end and medium-end products in the area of automobiles, which are now dominated by companies with 14-38 floors of corporate communications market boards, medium-high-end motor boards, and a strong Māori ratio.
Family holding enterprises in the landscape, which earn robust profits by cutting off high-end markets with technological preponderance, are also relatively cautious in terms of plant expansion, capital investment, etc., mainly through bottlenecks in equipment, adjustment of production and slower growth in business income in 2020, and high profitability.
The company ' s operating income in 2020 amounted to $7.46 billion, yoy+4.7 per cent, and the net profit to the mother was $1.340 billion, billions, yoy+9.4 per cent.
Market boards have further improved profitability, with the Māori rate rising from 30.4 to 31.2 per cent, relying on product upgrading to boost profits, and the 2021h2 core network is at a turning point where the corporate product structure is expected to be optimized.
The engine pcb layer level is expected to be upgraded; the data centre exchange matrix is moved to 400gbps to facilitate the replacement of the 400g switch. We expect 2021h2 core network pcb products, represented by servers, switches, to enter a new cycle. The company's technological forward-looking approach to corporate-level communications pcb is already 800g.
Sample processing capacity for machine-changed products; well-precipitated offshore customers, who are expected to benefit from a core network-building cycle. pcb demand is not as high as expected, the 400g switch is not as high as expected, and competition in the car pcb market is increasing.
The growth in corporate operating income slowed and net profits increased positively. In 2020, the company achieved operating income of $7.46 billion, $1 billion, yoy-10.2 per cent, net profit to the mother of $390 million, yoy+9.4 per cent, as wireless construction slowed down the business income ring and cost rates drove up net interest rates as a result of the slowdown in the pace of renovating and preparing goods for core clients.
The firm’s product mix continues to be optimized, and profits are improving at a higher level. In 2020, the industry faced strong price competition when downstream demand for communications was subject to clear fluctuations, leading equipment suppliers’ products were downgraded, and companies further improved profitability by changing the core network-based corporate communications market board, with the Māori rate rising from 30.4 to 31.2 per cent.
Business-level communications are the first applications of company pcb products, with corporate communication boards accounting for 74.9 per cent of the income of the pcb business in 2020 and Māori sub-operation rates, with corporate communications market boards reaching 32.3 per cent in 2020.
Slightly less than 33.9 per cent of office and industrial equipment panels, an increase of 0.76 pct to 32.3 per cent compared with 2019. Figure 5: Corporate communications market boards accounted for 74.9 per cent of income from pcb operations in 2020.
(b) Differential competitive strategies that create digital and high-end card advantages in the automobile market 2.1, corporate style: location of market segment, expansion of prudential panels, medium- and high-end motor panels. The technology is supplemented by office and industrial equipment panels, semiconductor chip test plates.
The sub-sites were clearly positioned to form three main plants: the Quantium plant and the Yellowstone plant, which produced the first phase of the Quantium plant and the Yellowstone plant, and the second phase of the Quantico and Yellowstone plant, which focused on the car market.
On the one hand, Taiwan has witnessed the growth path of the last wave of pcb industries moving from Japan, and the company actually controls people.
In the area of pcb, there is a profound insight into the choice of sub-divisions of automobiles, communications with certification thresholds and technical barriers as the main direction for companies to move away from the cost of competing competitors ' advantage in the new production capacity at the lower and middle end of pcb; on the other hand, companies, as family enterprises, focus more on the enhancement of profitability than on the increase in profitability.
In terms of equity incentives, the company’s profit growth targets are relatively conservative. During the three tenure periods, the company’s performance at the corporate level was evaluated.
(b) The percentage of real rights at the company level is 80 per cent when the annual firm level performance appraisal targets are met or exceeded, when 100 per cent is expected to be achieved, and the annual firm level performance appraisal targets are 85 per cent (including 85 per cent) to 100 per cent (excluding 100 per cent) when 80 per cent is expected to be achieved; and in the remaining cases, stock options for the current period are not viable.
In terms of construction work in progress and capital expenditure, companies have replaced the expansion of production capacity with production-line technologies. A summary of the use of corporate funds raised and projects under construction in 2010-2020 has been compiled with a cumulative expenditure budget of $8.56 billion, including $1.23 billion for the relocation and self-financing of old plants in Kunshan, and $3.0 million per year for the construction of Yellowstone.
The rice-printing circuit board project is $2.69 billion, and the rest of the projects are equipment improvements based on existing premises. Corporate capital expenditure is also relatively conservative in horizontal contrasts.
The strategy is to purchase fixed intangible long-term assets and pay $380 million in cash. Figure 9: Corporate fixed assets ranked 4th (in billions) 2.2 in 2019, Growth Dynamics: Technology Lead, Improving Profitability through Product Restructuring
The company maximizes production efficiency through technological change at the core and restructuring of the product. Pcb products can calculate the use of the barrel principle, and it is the bottleneck that determines the output of the pcb outer layer. Pcb products are influenced by order formation and companies display high-frequency high-speed, high-level, multi-layered products that use the corporate communications market board as the main application of downstream pcb products.
Large-scale features, high-end structure of orders in this field for interior graphics, boreholes, plate plating, large proportion: (1) the higher the average number of layers, the lower the production capacity of the back layer when the interior graphics are produced; (2) an increase in high-frequency high-speed panels and large-sized pcb products, leading to a reduction in the efficiency of the drilling chain; and (3) an increase in the efficiency of the order chain;
The structure has led to an increase in the plating ratio of the panels, creating production bottlenecks. Companies use pcb ' s production principles, tailoring product levels and division of production to optimize profitability.
One phase of the Yellowstone Plant, which promotes a shift in production capacity towards new high-priced products; and one phase of the automobile sector, which focuses on automobile safety, adas products, and shifts orders from traditional cars to the Yellowstone Plant, phase II, which optimizes the existing process equipment, leading to an increase in production and an acceleration in the production and certification of the Yellowstone Plant ' s second phase.
In 2020, with limited additional capacity, the company generated revenue from product upgrades, generating income per person and earning a new level of profitability. The same amount of technology was selected, higher than the amount of 90.5.74 million yuan per person per person per person per year, and the amount of profit per person was 173,000 yuan per person.
A 9.2 per cent increase is higher than the 3 per cent increase in per capita profit on deep south circuits. Core network building is at a turning point, with the company ' s product structure expected to be optimized by 3.1, the prospective 2021h2:pcie 5.0 standard server with 400g switchboard, pcb in combination
The capital expenditure of the offshore terminal q4 computes the capital expenditure of the offshore q4 = Google, Amazon, Microsoft – total quarterly capital expenditure amounted to $22.85 billion, an increase of 68.8 per cent and the ring 13.6 per cent. According to idc, the volume of 2020 q3 global servers was 3.07 million, yoy + 0 per cent.
The increase in capital spending by the cloud-computing terminal is a sign that the pace of investment in cloud-based construction is accelerating and that the purchase of server equipment is expected to move up and pull the server pcb out. In terms of the growth in capital spending by the historical cloud-computing company and the global speed of delivery, the growth in global server output lags behind the cost of the plant capital by one quarter, at 2020q4.
Intel and amd will be rolling out a new generation of servers to support the pcie 5.0 standard, corresponding servers.
The pcb layer and coating material levels are expected to be upgraded. In the first half of 2021, Intel is expected to introduce a new-generation service architecture with a pcie 5.0 bus standard with a signal speed of 32 gbps and a pcb product level of 18 or more. Moreover, since high-speed transmissions are expected to limit signal losses to a certain level,
In this context, the use of ultra-lowloses at the level of the coating has further increased the value added of pcb products. Looking ahead, the increase in data flows from applications such as cloud computing is a long-term trend, an increase in the rate of transmission of monochannels to the reverse server, and an increase in the number of pcb product layers is a long-term trend.
Data centre exchange matrix speed migration to 400gbps to facilitate the replacement of the 400g switch. According to the third-party advisory agency, the exchange market generated $27.8 billion and yoy-3.5 per cent for the year 2020, with Cisco ' s share in the market segment of 25gbe/50gbe/100gbe reaching 38.7 per cent, leading the data centre 100g.
The port is no longer capable of meeting client needs, using, for example, routers and switches in the backbone network, a single interface (port) for mainstream specifications at this stage can support 100 gbps at a speed that will boost the speed of penetration to 400 gbps, as the volume of data driven by 5 g will grow exponentially.
The program is not universal, and Cisco and Xinhua’s successive roll-out of the 400g data centre switch will drive deployment down. The Xinhua Group Managing Director is expected to see the majority of Internet companies in the country move to 100g access, 400g up, and 400g switchboard penetration in 2021.
Figure 17: Cisco roll-out of 400g data centre switch solution Figure 16: 2020q4 Cisco ' s share of the global switch market 38.7% cisconexus 9332d-gx2b
1ruswitch 12.8tpsofbandwidth ideafor400gleforspine
cisconexus 9500x9716-gx 16-port 400glinecardfornexus 9500series 12.8tbpsofbandwidth
Macsec/cloudset400gspeds 3.2, companies entering the offshore flagship supply system to fully benefit from opportunities for industrial upgrading Companies accumulate in the communications market and data centres, and adhere to technology leadership strategies.
The Division disclosed that performance enhancement studies, high-intensity technology research and development had developed signal integrity in key communications low-depletion circuit boards (112 gbps), and that mass processing of high-speed materials had reached the level of m8 (high-level batch of high-level products at the previous base station uses the level of m6 materials). 800g switchboard products already had sample processing capability, while their peers had a peer
In 2020, the top five clients of the company fell from 2019. Subregionally, because of sales of customers’ products for Internet equipment, cloud-end equipment, and artificial intelligence equipment.
The demand for goods has been strong, with the sales of the company pcb having increased from 44.5 per cent in 2019 to 51.8 per cent in 2020. The company has established three main plant areas, namely, Qingjiang, Yellowstone, and Qui Wei Wei Wei, among which Qing Yi and Yellow Shil I are aimed at a number of generic products. The Qing Yu factory is located on more than 16 floors and has a high Māori rate.
The Māori rate is relatively low at the Yellowstone I plant, which is dominated by general pcb below the 16th floor, but there is still room for increasing the Māori rate with the increased single effect of the Blue Shirt plant. The Māl microelectricity is dominated by medium-to-high-end motor panels, adas products, and increases in the yield rate as downstream cars get warmer; the Yellow II plant targets traditional car boards and still has a single-month production value.
The core assumptions are as follows: the company is the national technology leader, the pcb manufacturer, focused on the number and car breakdown track, the new card-level advantages of the core competitiveness technology, and, in the case of conservative capital spending, the process of making a difference through the core of the plant.
Corporate growth is driven by improved output efficiency and profitability in existing plants. Vision 2021h2, core network server upgrades to pcie 5.0 standards, switchboards face 400 g rotations, and companies capture core customers in the market segment.
(b) The expected benefits of head orders for households: South circuits (002916.sz), Sino-Technology (300476.sz) and profit technology (600183.sh) as comparable public companies are less capable of technological change and competition for their original products increases;
(b) Servers are affected by chip exits, resulting in lower than expected delivery of server pcb; and 400g exchanges have been delayed, resulting in less than expected restructuring of products;
Increased competition in the car pcb market has led to a loss of corporate profits.