Quarterly 2024: Revenue growth slowed and management rates dropped markedly in the single quarter (+9.46 per cent, indicating the same rate of increase, down) and net profit to mothers was 1,586 million yuan (+11.79 per cent).
Disclose that income from soluble-type injecting products (mainly the high-synchronous column) increased by 12 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, and that income from gel-type products (mainly contributing to a series of products during the daytime) increased by 15 per cent over the same period.
Solution-type products are expected to continue to grow steadily in three quarters, while gel-based products have had an impact on the growth rate of corporate income as a whole by day and high-end production growth in Bo Niña. The management cost rate has dropped significantly in three quarters, and the net interest rate on sales has risen.
In the single quarter of 2024q3, corporate sales/management/research and development/financial cost rates were equal to +1.18 pp for the overall four periods, with a significant decrease in the management cost ratio. Curcoic acid products have been re-certified, and the Smegrum injection fluid is about to undergo a iii clinical trial.
The Division issued a circular on 9 October 2024, which was approved for the improvement of the “modified transparent sodium sodium acid gel for medical use with polyethylene gel microballs” in the back of the mild moderate lyceum; and on 14 October, a fully funded subsidiary, Beijing-based Nobot, received a clinical trial approval from the National Drug Control Service, whose schizophrenia
Gluper injection fluids are about to start a iii clinical trial. The company is researching a rich stock of products, including dynamic wrinkles of a type of botulinum toxin, second-generation surface implants for soft tissue upgrading, transparent injectable acid enzymes for dissolved transparent acid subcutaneous injections, and so on.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Taking into account the current pressure on the industry environment and on competition in the market, Emerière (300896); 2024:
There has been a steady increase in revenue at the end, with net profit levels. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.