There is a steady increase in profitability, and there is an overview of the stocking of products.
Billion dollars, equal to -4.35 per cent, with the net profit off the non-mortality margin being less than the net return on the principal part of the non-recurring gain on the parent ' s 24q3 profit amounting to $22.95 million, of which, in addition to the effective hedging operations related to the company ' s normal operations, gains and losses on fair value arising from the holding of financial assets and financial liabilities, as well as the disposal of financial assets and financial liabilities
Debt-generated gains and losses of $16.73 million, while the 23q3 project was $22.83 million, with total non-recurrent gains and losses Liu Wenzheng 2) at the end of the cost: 24q1-q3, sales cost, management cost, research and development cost, financial cost rate
JUNG Purple Boat pct; 24q3, sales cost, management cost, research and development cost, financial cost rate 8.99 per cent, q3, sales cost and administrative cost rate were reduced by the same ratio and management efficiency was enhanced. 24q1-q3, finance cost
For -27.1 million dollars, the main factor is an increase in the purchase of property, the proceeds of which are accounted for in terms of investment earnings and fair value changes, the continued spread of superior products, and the abundance of research and development reserves. 1) Core product booms: growth in the size of the market as a whole in the penetration of medical institutions. 2) Regenerative materials: continuous release during the day, such as life angels, are expected to match.
24q2 net return profit of the same year + 8 per cent, with a high stock of research products, which together boosts income growth during the day. 3) Bonida: interlocking transparency of polyvinyl gel microballs for medical use 2024/08/22
The sodium sodium gel added to the accelerosis (Bonida II) applies to adult epileptic injection to improve the net profit of 24q1 from mother to mother ratio + 27 per cent, with an increase in the expected mildly moderate backshrub. 4) Subsequent product matrix: projects entering clinical and registration procedures include injection.
2024/04/25a botulinum toxin (registration declaration stage), Minodil agent (registration declaration stage), Lidocaindindine Cain emulsion (iii clinical trial stage), Lilalu semen injection liquid (clinical trial stage), Smégre
Net profit from mother-to-child ratio in 023 + 47 per cent, with performance in line with expectations
Oxychoic acid injection fluid, transparent acid enzyme. In addition, the company distributed photoelectric products and obtained an opinion of the Korean 4. Emmett (300896.sz) incident: Density (radio frequency dermatologist's equipment) and Linearz (ultrasound dermatologist's equipment) under the Korean jeisys flag.
Promotion, distribution, marketing and authorization of related services in China and China to achieve breakthroughs in energy-sourced equipment pipelines. Investment advice: company medical products are pre-eminent, channeled, renewable materials are consistently released.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.