In the first three quarters, the net profit from maternity grew by 11.79%, and the stock of products in the pipeline continued to be enriched, and beauty care, medical beauty, grew robustly in the first three quarters. The company collected $2,376 million in the first three quarters of 2024, a year-on-year increase.
This represents an increase of 9.66 per cent in the same year. In the three quarters alone, income of $719 million increased by 1.1 per cent in the same year, net profit of mothers increased by $465 million, or 213 per cent, and net profit of $442 million decreased by 4.35 per cent in the same year.
For example, the company continues to deepen its programming of high-quality medical institutions, while the core product high-quality system list continues to grow in double digits for three quarters. At the same time, the company continues to promote the product matrix, the latest in October, under the banner of “Medical polyethylene-based gel microfiche.”
52 weeks' maximum price/lowest price Sodium interlocking acid gel's certificate of registration of medical devices; Smegrum injection fluids have also been issued with a Notice of Approval for Clinical Trials of Drugs.
The company’s Māori rate for the first three quarters of 2024 was largely influenced by subsidiary inventory products. The net operating cash flow of $1,535 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 4.72 per cent over the previous quarter, remained positive.
Investment proposals: There is still much room to improve the penetration rate in the medium and long term in the medical sector, and the advantages of companies will be further highlighted by the trend towards compliance. Long-term companies will continue to maintain a rich stock of product pipelines through a combination of self-research + outreach, building a domestic medical platform.
“America” (300896.sz) - The first half of the year saw a 16% increase in the same year, and “America” (300896.sz) - Quarterly Motherhood net profit increases by 27%, and a product matrix of billion yuan, corresponding to 30.1/26.3/22.8 times more than pe, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
"America (300896.sz) -- Quarterly performance growth is robust, and branding continues to be strengthened." "America (300896.sz) Net Mother-to-Mother Profit Growth 47% in 2023, which continues to advance, up 11.79% in the same year, plus $1.53 billion in non-net profit, which is 9.66% in the same year.
719 million yuan, representing an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, net profit to the mother of 465 million yuan, an increase of 2.13 per cent in the same year, non-net gain of 442 million yuan, a decrease of 4.35 per cent in the same year.
In terms of specific products, the company continues to deepen high-quality medical institutions at the end of the layout, and the high-speed system list continues to grow in double digits for the third quarter. The company continues to build up its product matrix, with the latest October, when the medical “combined sodium acid condensate condensed with polyethylene gel” was certified as a medical instrumentation certificate; and the Smegrum injection fluid has also been introduced.
The net cash flow of 1,535 million yuan, an increase of 4.72 per cent over the same period, remained good. Investment advice: there is still much room for longer-term penetration in the medical and United States industry, leading by regulatory compliance trends.
Long-term companies will continue to enrich their products through self-research + outreach, pipeline reserves, and domestic medical platforms. In the short term, due to cautious considerations about the current downward trend in consumer power, and the price shocks associated with increased competition in the industry, we revised the company back in 2024-2026.
Table 1: Americian Profit Forecasts Main Adjustment Items Table 2: Comparable Corporate Valuation Tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author