A small increase in revenue profits in a single quarter, a wait for new items in multi-grade layout, an increase in revenue profits in a single-digit number, and a three-quarter growth in performance that continues to weigh on the company ' s third-quarter report of 2024, which achieved business income of 2,376 million yuan in the first three quarters.
In terms of profitability, in three quarters, the company sold 94.55% and sold 94.55%.
On October 9th, the company's medical use of polyvinyl gel microballs for interlocking transparent acids was approved by the National Drug Control Service for use in injections to improve the lightness of the platinum at the upper level of the adult vinyl.
On October 14th, the company's full capital, Norbert, received approval from the National Drug and Monitoring Service for the issuance of a "Clinical Test Approval Letter" on the Semegrum Injection fluid, which will be undergoing clinical trials in the near future, and the company's rehydration line layout will be improved.
The Biannual Report, 2024, by the dollar securities firm, Study-Emermete (300896), has helped to further strengthen the company’s future strategic layout in the area of weight management and lipid reduction.
In terms of research projects, the company is currently in the registration stage for injection of a type of botulinum toxin, the Lilaru Line 2024.08.22, the second-generation plant line is in the clinical trial stage, and the Minodir agent is in the registration stage, except for this.
The Medium-Term Media and New Consumer Sector Study 2024 also includes deoxychotic fluids, transparent QA enzyme. The company's strategy report: A gradual recovery in consumption, a two-way drive in media content.
This includes a number of sub-tracks, including skin filling, meat poisoning, weight management, photovoltaics, hair hair, and the president of the firm, the head of the country's medical firm, taking into account the performance of the previous three quarters, and the macro-consuming market, Xu Xu Xiao Xiao Xiao.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts