Wind plate power levels, falling electricity prices, sustained growth in installed capacity, lower electricity prices and higher costs, and lower corporate performance on a year-on-year basis. 2024h1 Reasons for the same decline in operating income and net profit on parent status achieved by companies: affected by the decline in wind resources, average wind power
The decline in the use of hours and the volume of electricity sold by wind and wind, combined with a decline in electricity prices due to the increase in parity projects, structural factors such as s0980521060002 and the availability and demand of electricity; at the same time, the increase in the size of the installed machinery resulted in a depreciation amortization
The combined effect of the $297 million increase in sales and the increase in the number of employees, the increase in the number of employees, the increase in staff costs by $175 million, the increase in the number of projects in production and the shift in some employee costs from capitalization to costing.
In May 2024, the National Energy Agency issued a circular on securing high-quality development of new energy sources with an emphasis on a 52-week maximum/minimum price.
The upgrading of power systems to absorb new sources of energy and to ensure that new sources of energy are developed on a large scale while maintaining collusive utilization levels. In the same period, the State Department issued the Action Programme on Energy Conservation for Carbon Reduction, 2024-2025, which proposes to speed up the construction of large wind and light-voltaic base evacuation corridors and to increase inter-provincial and cross-regional transmission capacity;
Renovation of grids and upgrading of distributed new energy loads; enhancement of new energy generation capacity through these initiatives. National policies are strongly promoting an increase in the level of new energy consumption, which is expected to improve gradually in the future, and marketized trade for new energy as the proportion of new energy is marketed increases.
In the first half of 2024, the company created a new production holding capacity of 228.67 kilowatts, of which wind power was 595,000 kilowatts, and light volts.
In the future, 3955,000 kW and 36.35 million kW of wind power are located in areas with better resources; the development target is 6.09 million kW (+51.87%), including 2.81 million kW and 3.2 million kW of wind power.
The performance of Dragon Source Power (001289.sz)-24q1 will increase steadily with a slight increase in the same performance, and the Division will achieve a steady increase in profitability.
Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - A steady increase in net profits, investment in future new energy projects
The company ' s operating income and net profit from parentage have fallen on the same basis: due to the decline in wind resources, the decline in the average use of wind power hours, the decrease in the volume of wind electricity sold, and the decline in electricity prices due to the increase in price parity projects, structural factors and the demand for and supply of electricity; and the increase in the size of the installed machines, resulting in an increase of $297 million in depreciation amortization on the same scale.
And with the increase in installed capacity, the increase in the number of employees, the increase in staff costs by $175 million over the same period, the increase in the number of projects, the start-up of production, and the shift in some employee costs from capitalization to costing, the combined impact of these factors has led to a comparison of operating costs, figure 2: single-season operating income from power generation (in billions of dollars)
Figure 4: Single-quarter net profit from power generation (in billions of yuan) Power generation: in the first half of 2024, companies cumulatively completed 4082 million kWh (+0.84 per cent), of which wind generated 31,585 million kWh (-4.60 per cent) and photovoltaic generated 3,586 million kWh
The average number of hours spent on the power unit at 1 billion kWh (-239 per cent) was 2618 hours, down 64 hours from the same period in 2023. The main reason for the decrease in the amount of electricity generated and the number of hours used was the rapid increase in the capacity of new energy installed in the Jiangsu region and the crowding up of the thermal power generation space and distribution corridors.
During the first half of 2024, the average Internet connection price for all company power generation was 423 yuan/megawatt hours (excluding VAT), a decrease of 34 yuan/megawatt hours in the same year. Of this, the average feed-in cost for wind power was 441 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 28 yuan/megawatt hours in the same year, mainly due to the expansion of wind market transactions, the increase in price parity projects and the structure
(a) As a result of sexual factors, the average photovoltaic access cost was 283 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 31 yuan/megawatt hours in the same year, mainly due to the fact that the new PV projects were all price-neutral, which resulted in lower overall average electricity prices for photovoltaic operations;
The Māori rate has fallen, the cost rate has increased, and the net interest rate level has fallen. 2024h1, the company ' s Māori rate was 36.20%, a decrease of 5.20 pct, mainly due to falling electricity prices and depreciation amortization, and the impact of increased staff costs. On the cost rate, 0.58 pc, the administrative cost rate increased by 0.28 pct over the same period.
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost ratios of power from dragons down by roe, with a decline in net operating cash flows by the same year. 2024h1, with companies down by roe due to lower net interest rates, the flow was $6.95 billion, a decrease of 13.58 per cent in the same year, mainly due to lower wind and electricity prices.
Revenue cash inflows have decreased, raw materials have been purchased due to the current maturity of the contract, and commodity payments have increased; investment and project construction needs have increased, as a result of increased borrowing with banks. New energy consumption is expected to improve. Corporate profitability will gradually stabilize.
In the meantime, the Department of State issued the Action Plan on Carbon Conservation 2024-2025, which proposes to accelerate the construction of a large wind-fired photovoltaic base.
Channels to upgrade inter-provincial and trans-district transmission capacity; speed up grid re-engineering to boost distributed new energy loads; and above-mentioned initiatives to increase the capacity of new energy sources to absorb new energy sources. National policies are strongly promoting higher levels of new energy consumption, which are expected to improve gradually in the future, and are being marketed as the share of new energy sources becomes more marketable.
In the first half of 2024, the company signed a new development agreement of 759 million kilowatts.
Of these, 395.5 million kilowatts of wind power and 36.35 million kilowatts of light voltage are located in areas with better resources; new energy projects for which development guidelines have been developed have been phased in and the installed capacity has been further increased, resulting in a steady increase in corporate performance.The authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author