On 28 August 2018, the company issued its semi-annual report for 2018, which, from the beginning of the year to the end of the reporting period, generated business income of $13,272 million (a 23.47 per cent increase from the same year) and a net return to the mother of $162 million.
In the first half of 2018, China Airways (000768.sz) continued its rapid quarterly growth in operating income, which was nearly five years higher than in the same period; profits grew at a significant rate of 113.64 per cent compared to the same period last year, net profits increased at a rate of 77.33 per cent for mothers, and the company ' s medium-term business performance improved significantly, and the trend in the business of the Chinese aircraft ' s parent companies was more positive than in the consolidated statements.
The parent company collected $12,688 million, an increase of 30.32 per cent over the same period, an increase of 23.47 per cent, while the parent company received 95.6 per cent of the consolidated statements, a further increase over the same period last year (90.56 per cent), the last year (94.25 per cent) and the first quarter of 2018 (95.5 per cent).
With the exception of the new-boat series, where the production of 7-carried aircraft is owned by Western civilian aircraft, the main military fleet business is run by the parent company. In view of recent trends in the business of the Chinese airliner, the parent company’s revenue and profit ratio have been rising, indicating that the business as a whole is becoming more prominent in the business section of the company. It is clear that the parent company’s income and profits have increased significantly over the combined statement level in the last three years.
\triangleright, the only large and medium military aircraft platform in the country with a long line of taps.
The company ' s 2017 report showed that the significant increase in current sales costs was mainly due to an increase in sales of current products and an increase in the cost of delivery of technical services for the proposed products. However, the company ' s annual report did not disclose the delivery of information on the entire military fleet. According to the previous five-year report, we have reported a significant increase in sales costs for the current period.
The cost of sales services has also increased in the years when the bulk of the aircraft (primarily the new boat 60) is delivered. This may indicate that the increase in the volume of the entire aircraft delivery will result in a substantial increase in the cost of technical services for the products. Agent fees and commissioning charges are the company's “sale agent fees and commissions for foreign customers, based on the sales of the sub-contracted products,” which are related, on the one hand, to the sub-contracting business and, on the other hand, to the entire export product.
In 2017, sales services were significantly increased, but only one was delivered. According to the civilian delivery plan, there was no large-scale delivery plan for the 60th and 7th of this year, so we reasonably assumed that the delivery of military aircraft began to rise.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The strength of the company’s core lies in a clear business, a pool of resources, and a strong monopoly over the value of a large and medium military aircraft manufacturing platform, which is where the company’s longer-term investment value is \triangleright. Through asset injections, the company now has a core manufacturing resource system under the China-China industry.
On this basis, the company, as the manufacturing platform for the country’s medium-sized and large military aircraft, will also benefit fully from our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft – 20, medium-sized transport aircraft – 9 and the subsequent remodelling and upgrading of large military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour between Flying, Shen and the development of combat aircraft, the Chinese aircraft will fly in large and medium-sized military.
It is the company’s long-term investment value, which is 69, 57 and 48 times higher, respectively, and which is based on China’s vanguard position in the military medium-sized aircraft market, as well as on the wide market space created by future major battle equipment loadings, which maintains an “enhanced” rating.
Risk factors: The procurement of large and medium military aircraft is not as fast as expected; the ability of companies to deliver is limited by their capacity to produce \triangleright reviewaboutsmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftraining, and other well-known European-American periodicals.
In September 2015 to August 2017, he worked on the civil securities industry. He joined the Sunda securities industry in September 2017. Sunda securities companies (hereinafter “Sunda securities”) are qualified for the portfolio of securities investment consultancy, which the CVC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.