The delivery of aviation products continues to improve, and the company's performance is on the rise.
After a quarter of high growth, the company's six-month performance continued to be bright. The company's net profit in the first quarter was $27 million, a significant increase of 130.76 per cent over the previous quarter; and the company's product delivery in the second quarter continued to perform well in the first quarter, supporting the company's six-month performance to maintain a high rate of growth.
It is argued that the recent improvement in the delivery of the company’s products will be evident, and that the effect of military re-engineering on the company’s orders will gradually be eliminated, and that the company’s performance will be at a turning point, benefiting from the accelerated installation of the aviation-focused model. Transport-20 will enter the process of volume delivery and will contribute to greater elasticity in future.
The company completed production delivery on schedule for a new generation of large military transport aircraft20. According to the Xinhua stock/flow (millions of shares) agency, the air force was officially installed on July 6, 2016.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) has been in service for more than two years. We believe that shipping-20 will make up for our air force long-range strategy up to 12 months/minimum.
With the ability to deliver short panels, the total requirement will be more than 300, and with the gradual release of capacity in the future, the company will be able to achieve greater performance elasticity.
The Air Force, as the country’s sole bomber producer, will need to be able to increase its long-range delivery capability.
The success of the development of the performance cut-off -- 2017/03/14 -- strategic bombers will also have a positive impact on the company’s military operations, which continue to be deployed, with a wide space for civilian operations.
Planning for an increase in the total number of domestic civil airports from 2020 to 2030 to 450 left-right. The increase in the number of feeder airports and the continued focus on State support for the construction and operation of feeder airports in the central and western part of the country, the restructuring and refinement of existing feeder aviation subsidy policies, and the resources of regional airport groups
Optimization of integration provides more extensive space for the development of feeder aircraft. The company is a support unit for core components such as the arj 21 front-air, mid-air, wings, landing gears, and essential components for large national aircraft c919 and ag600.
The supplier, the new ship 700, is now in operation, and the civil aviation business is expected to open up the company to a wider range of air service delivery that will continue to improve, and the company's performance is on the rise.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.