"Annual performance forecast for 2018, 2018, issued by the Air Shuttle (000768.sz) on the evening of July 12th.
During the first half of the year, the Chinese aircraft were expected to realize a net profit of $138 million to the shareholders of the listed company, indicating that the main reason for the increase in performance was the increase in the delivery of aviation products by the company in the first half of 2018 compared to the previous year and the corresponding increase in profits.
Research Assistant: Liu Ji, air product delivery accelerated, with a sustained high performance of $130.76 million in 2018, a year-on-year increase of 130.76%. 2018h1 continues to show a good track record and achieves a place of belonging.
The Chinese aircraft are the main manufacturers of large national carriers, heavy bombers, for the benefit of the 20th class, which has accelerated their entry into the performance release period, and the Chinese aircraft are the main manufacturers of our military aircraft, large and medium transport aircraft, bombers, and special aircraft.
It was also one of the suppliers of international civil aviation transport aircraft and civil vortex feeder aircraft and was an important supplier of aircraft landing gear systems, brake brake systems, as well as of c919, arj21, ag600 and foreign civilian flights.
A new generation of strategic military large-scale transport aircraft, developed autonomously by China, was successfully launched on 26 January 2013 and officially installed in 2016, the first of which is about four. As of now, the Chinese Air Force is expected to load more than 20 units, and according to schedule, it is expected that the 20-size cargo will be launched this year.
In September 2016, the Commander of the Air Force announced for the first time that China’s new generation of long-range, invisible bombers were under development and that, according to the usual nodes for the disclosure of information on new military aircraft, it was expected that in 2018, a 20-year strike would enter the countdown.
China will then be the third country to have an autonomous long-range stealth bomber with a tactical deterrent to attack. The 20th flight is expected to provide a major investment opportunity for Chinese aircraft.
The good performance of q1 and h1 in 2018 reflects the centralized delivery of late orders in 2017, the acceleration of the build-up of new military aircraft, and the expected entry into a new performance release period for mid-flight aircraft.
Taking into account the company ' s scarcity of targets and clear performance points as the host manufacturer of national-made transports and bombers, the delivery of military-industrial orders has fallen short of expectations; the new generation of 20 rows of loadings has fallen short of expectations; and the valuation of re-entry risks.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute. Joined the Associated Securities Institute in 2016, certificate number: s03005160001.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic is based on the author's professional understanding, that the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed by any third party or