According to the Economic Watch, the third batch involved 31 people.
In 2018, a substantial breakthrough was expected in mixed ownership reform in the military-industrial sector, which was expected to contribute positively to the improvement of modern business systems and efficiency in the military-industrial sector. The improvement in the basics of the military-industrial sector will make it clear that the performance of the military-industrial sector will improve, particularly with regard to the air and electronic and information panels.
The changes will be particularly clear, confirming the view that the basics of the industry will be improved. We suggest that we take advantage of the medium- and long-term performance of the equipment, focus on the air-manufacturing industry chain, and focus on the Chinese aircraft, China direct shares, China Shen Fei, Hongdu Aviation, and that we build a good basis for the large-scale procurement that will result from the upgrading of the equipment by developing and equipping the main combat equipment.
In recent years, a new generation of major battle equipment has been developed into intensive-style, uniform-loading cycles, and large-scale procurement of major battle equipment has been made available. In particular, aviation, which is more multi-type, has been made available for procurement, while at the same time it has a large number of billions of yuan, an increase of 8.1%, and the absolute increase of 8.1% in 18 years is not evident, but the trend has changed beyond market expectations since 18 years.
According to the XIII National People's Congress spokesman, the “excellent” is a product of the industry, a pre-policing policy, and 18 years of defence spending, “a significant part of which is intended to compensate for past shortfalls in investment, mainly in the upgrading of armed equipment, the improvement of the living conditions of the military, and the improvement of the quality of life of the military.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and the pursuit of training living conditions for grass-roots forces. The speaker noted the differences in the focus of support areas for the various stages of military spending, suggesting that the focus of military spending would be of great value to investors with absolute benefits.
The best-selections in the industry cover companies, with significant improvements in the basics of each industry, particularly with regard to the good performance of the aviation plate and the electronic and informational plate. Q1 Military Industries in 2018
Quarterly net profit growth accelerates or indicates that the performance factor that subjugates the military industrial block has been largely eliminated.
For the next three months, we're the best, and I'm the best, with the most significant improvements in aviation, ground uniforms, military electronics, and information technology. 2018q1 aviation, ground uniforms, military engineering, electricity, they think these stock movements will significantly win the market.
Sex, generally a year-round low performance in the first quarter, and improved performance in the military industry in the first quarter of 18 years, and we believe that the 18-year performance will result in an 18-year performance of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. cindaseturitiesco.ltd
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City focuses on investment opportunities in the military aircraft industry, focusing on the main factory, and the material industry. Based on the judgement that the military industry as a whole is well established, and that the main aviation equipment will be at a peak in procurement for the next three to five years, we strongly recommend focusing on investment opportunities in the military aircraft industry chain and suggest that we urgently need to complete the equipment for our air force.
We propose to focus on fighter jets, large transporters, and coaches, model J-16s, y-20s and teaching-10s, and the total of companies listed on the market, Chinese Shen Fei, Chinese Aircraft and Hongdu Air, respectively.
After successful development, it is proposed to focus on a model-sized, rapidly upgraded, special-structured material support industry, with a focus on titanium alloy production and processing, with a focus on western materials and titanium shares. Risk factors: low-level intervention periods for bulk loading of equipment, low-level intervention periods for reform of the military-industrial system, and low-level intervention periods for military spending.
Current period [Excellent push]: The three core logics that we recommend at this stage are market determination, industry warming, corporate leadership.
The market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft facing the company has been identified and viewed in the long term as a wide range of space. In the context of military relocations, rising spending on defence budgets, a new generation of major battle equipment, the procurement cycle for the main war equipment may have been opened and will continue for a long time, and the starting point for the main military-industrial plant for equipping the main aircraft has come. The Chinese aircraft are used as a civilian passenger for the construction of our military and medium-sized military aircraft and our main feeder.
The hub industry, which brings together the best resources for the design and production of our medium-sized aircraft, and the absence of other competing players in the area of transport, has an incomparable position in the industry, which will benefit from future large procurement requirements for military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value. 2. The market for medium- and medium-sized military aircraft, civilian passenger aircraft and aircraft facing medium-sized aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market.
In addition, the strategic transformation of the air force, supported by air operations and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. A defence series of aircraft can meet the needs of missions in Asia.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are going to be good. In 2018, the country’s defence budget was over-arranged, with an emphasis on weapons upgrades.
The trend in the business of the Chinese carrier aircraft is more positive than that of the consolidated statements, and the significant changes in the cost of sales reflect the more prominent performance of the military aircraft industry. In view of the recent trends in the business of the Chinese carrier, the income and profit ratio of the parent company has been rising, suggesting that the dominant position of the whole business in the company’s business has become more pronounced, and that the income and profits of the parent company have increased significantly over the last three years than the consolidation.
Reporting levels. In particular, 17 years of revenue, profit increases and changes in relative ratios are more pronounced, with the parent company accounting for 12 years of net profits, the business as a whole showing rapid growth and the military’s contribution becoming more visible. 4. The firm’s core strength is the value of the platform for manufacturing large and medium-sized military aircraft with a clear business, concentrated resources, and a strong monopoly, and this is even more so for the company.
As a result of the consolidation of assets, the company now owns core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry, and the company's integration path, though long, is in a clear direction, i.e. it serves as a base for the development and production of large- and medium-sized military aircraft in our country.
The manufacturing platform will also benefit fully from the adaptation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport aircraft, as well as the subsequent upgrading of our large- and medium-sized military transport aircraft. The value of the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft manufactured will be the company’s long-term investment value, in contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen flying in the development of fighter jets.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of company-related military models is not as fast as expected; development and production of national-produced civilian passenger aircraft is on schedule; relevant research: First Report on the Covering of Air Shuttles in 20180725 [Sinda Military Engineers]: the country's only large and medium military aircraft platform, with tap status
A number of major engineering studies in the field of space were carried out. From September 2015 to August 2017, he was employed in the civil securities industry and in the mechanical industry. In September 2017, he joined the Sunda securities industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.