The industry perspective this week: focus on the effects of military industry and entrepreneurship, focus on military industry reporting, focus on investment opportunities in the airline industry chain.
On this basis, the logic of follow-up investment in the military industry has been developed, and we believe that particular attention should be paid to the ability of the military industry to move away from the impact of the entrepreneurship boards and to develop what is called “military industry 2.0” based on basic trafficking points. In view of the long-term logic of basic improvements in the military industry, it is recommended that attention be paid in the near future to disclosure in the medium-term report, based on trends.
We recommend that we take advantage of the progress made, opt for the medium- and long-term supply of equipment, focus on the air manufacturing chain, and focus on the Chinese air plane, the Chinese direct stock, the Chinese air fleet, the Chinese air fleet, the Hongdu Airlines, and so on.
Major equipment has been developed and assembled to provide a good basis for large-scale procurement as a result of equipment upgrades. Equipment procurement presupposes the development, preparation, and scale of the equipment.
[Excellently] is a product of a weekly industry that combines policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth, and the tendency to pursue costs from “primarily supporting the deepening of defence and army reform” to “renovate weapons” according to the 13th National People’s Congress spokesman.
The 18-year defence spending is “substantially designed to compensate for past shortfalls in investment, mainly for upgrading armed equipment, improving the living conditions of military personnel, and [excellently] industry-covering companies, each of which has a very good winner.
At the grass-roots level, the training and living conditions of the troops are described as different areas of support for each stage of military spending, indicating that the focus of military spending will be on one or two stocks.
The basics of the military industry have improved significantly, especially with regard to the performance of the airboards and the electronic and informational panels. In 2018, the q1 q1 military industry was our favorite for the next three months.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, and that the growth of the quarterly net profit returns has accelerated or indicated that the performance factors that subjugated the military industrial panels have been largely eliminated. The performance of the 2018q1 military industrialization industry has improved further, with the most significant improvements in the aviation, ground, military-industrial and information-based industries.
The rate of increase in net profits from sub- and informatization is increasing at a rate of 102.28 per cent, 33.34 per cent, 60.73 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
Sex, in general, is a year-long low performance, with a marked improvement in the military industry from 18 years to 1, and we believe that the 18-year performance will focus on investment opportunities in the military aircraft industry chain in the 9th Palace Building in Beijing City West Side Street, with a focus on the mainframe plant, the material industry.
We strongly recommend that we focus on opportunities for investment in the chain of military aircraft industry, that we select the equipment that has already been installed and is about to be released, and that we look for investment indicators along the lines of "type - model - mainframe - industrial chain." We suggest that we focus on fighter jets, large transporters, and coaches, the models of J-16, Y-20 and T-10, respectively.
In addition, due to technology for material development, high capital thresholds and long research and development cycles, the plant’s marketed companies are increasing rapidly and monopolisticly after successful development. It is recommended that the focus be on a model-sized, rapidly upgraded, special-structured material support industry, with a focus on titanium alloy production and processing enterprises, with a focus on western materials and titanium shares.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected rate of bulk loading of equipment, less-than-expected pace of reform of the military-industrial system and lower-than-expected input of military expenditures.[Excellently] current period: medium-flight aircraft (000768.sz) medium-flight aircraft (000768.sz)
Market determination, industry warming, and corporate leadership are the three core logics that we recommend at this stage. We believe that the market for civil-military medium-sized aircraft that companies face is wide-ranging in the long term.
The starting point for the booming cycle of the main equipment plant has come. The Chinese aircraft, as a company that manufactures large and medium-sized military aircraft in our country, and as a core company of our backbone civilian passenger aircraft, bring together the best resources for the design and manufacture of the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, and, in the absence of other competing players in the area of transport aircraft, the industry has an incomparable leadership that will benefit from the huge future demand for the procurement of military and civilian passenger aircraft, with outstanding long-term investment value.
2. The market for medium-sized and medium-sized military aircraft and civilian passenger aircraft facing Chinese aircraft is a well-defined and wide-spaced market. The strategic transformation of large and medium-sized military aircraft on all sides, supported by air-falling and integrated security capabilities, poses an urgent need for large and medium-sized military transport aircraft.
3. There are signs of improvement in the basics of the industry, as well as signs that the company’s own military operations are good. In 2018, our defence budget was overspending, focusing on weapons equipment upgrading.
Over the next two years, our equipment will enter a centralized procurement period in which the mainframe plant will benefit fully. The performance of the listed companies has improved significantly, indicating an improvement in the industry base.
This suggests that the dominant position of the business as a whole in the company’s business portfolio is becoming more pronounced, and that the earnings and profits of the parent company have increased significantly over the combined statement level in the last three years. In particular, 17 years of income, profit growth, and the trend in relative ratios have been more pronounced, with the parent company’s net profits accounting for 12 years being larger, the business as a whole showing rapid developments and the contribution of military aircraft becoming more visible.
4. The strength of the company’s core lies in the value of the monopolistic platform for the manufacture of large and medium military aircraft with a clear business, a pool of resources and a strong monopoly, which is more of a long-term investment value for the company. Through the consolidation of assets, the company now has the core manufacturing resources under the China-China industry.
On this basis, the company, as a platform for the manufacture of the country's medium-sized military aircraft, will also benefit fully from the transformation and upgrading of our large- and medium-sized transport fleets by 20, 9, as well as the subsequent upgrading of the large-scale military transport aircraft. In contrast to the division of labour between Flying and Shen Flying in the development and production of fighter aircraft, the Chinese aircraft will be manufactured evenly in the medium- and medium-sized military aircraft.
Risk factors: procurement of military equipment is not as fast as expected; delivery of the company’s related military model is not as fast as expected; the production of national-made civilian passenger aircraft is proceeding; the city is developing and developing.
Research on this subject: First report on the coverage of the medium- and large-sized aircraft, the only large and medium-sized military aircraft platform in the country, with the status of Futuresmarkets, journalistoportfoliomanement, journaloftraining, and other well-known European-American journals; field planning, advance research on projects and technical clearances; participation in the design of civilian passenger aircraft, such as the C919 and Bombardic series, and many major engineering studies in the field of space.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. The report is a study product for clients under a service agreement with the CVM, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers, and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.