Increased performance in the first half of the year, with a strong delivery of aviation products driving long-term development Incident: Companies issued semi-annual performance reports in 2018, company 1 realized camp in 2018
Delivery of aviation products continued to improve, with a strong performance in the first half of the year. The company ' s aviation product generated $12,922 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 24.38 per cent over the same year, mainly due to an increase in the production of aircraft and aviation spare parts, such as transport aircraft.
The increase is mainly due to a reduction in the cost rate of 1.2 pcc over the same period, with administrative costs of more than 16 million less than the same and exchange gains of more than 35 million less financial costs over the same period; and the movement of assets of 20 to the stage of production delivery, with the conversion of medium-sized transport aircraft to special missions being used for a wide range of purposes.
Total stock/flow (million shares) as the only R & D manufacturing unit for large-scale national-producing transport aircraft projects, total market value/flow (millions) for shipments produced by companies
There is a significant difference between the aircraft configuration and developed countries, where the company ' s 8- and 9-carrying aircraft can serve as a special platform for pre-deployment, anti-submarine, electronic warfare aircraft, etc., to enrich the air force ' s operational systems and develop medium-flight aircraft (000768).
We expect that, as a strategic air force core delivery platform, the demand for the future will be enormous, and that the market space for large shipments will exceed hundreds of billions of dollars.
Strategic bombing highlights the scarcity of platforms, tactical support, the gradient configuration. The boom - 6k, built by company production, is the only vehicle of our current strategic air strike force in the short term.
It cannot be replaced, with a steady increase in production expected; the company's current heavy-duty “flying leopard” battles; the bombers can be deployed with the Chinese Shenzhen silhouette to carry out tactical bombing missions that will have great potential for global feeder aviation in the future, and the company vortex aircraft will benefit from it.
In Africa and South-East Asia, the air market is extremely high, and the market space is wide. The company produces the new boat series, which is the country's only domestic vortex passenger aircraft, and has opened the overseas market, with sufficient orders in hand. We believe that with the company's 700 R & D success, the company's 700 R & D is one with the country.
With the advance of the strategy, corporate turbo jets are expected to develop well in the domestic and foreign markets, and the core suppliers of large-scale national aircraft. Large-scale aircraft production drives companies to leapfrog.
c 919, ag 600 major spare parts suppliers, deeply involved in the national-produced civil aircraft industry. Corporate cooperation with the commercial airliner in the civil aircraft industry will give the corporate industry a better position than it did in the first half of the year, and the delivery of aviation products will be a strong driver of long-term development.
According to Merchant Air, the size of the domestic civil aviation fleet will continue to grow, and the market space for the major aircraft will exceed RMB trillion over the next 20 years. The company, as a key component manufacturer, will benefit from the accelerated development of the commercial aircraft, which will fully benefit from the explosion of the national aircraft market.
The company is responsible for the development and construction of the country’s medium- and large-sized civil-military aircraft, and is also a major supplier of spare parts of the types of aircraft (c919, arj21, ag600), benefiting from the acceleration of the military priority-type assembly and the huge growth space for civil aviation.
In the first half of the year, the delivery of aviation products drove long-term development.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.