Half-yearly performance rating for the mid-year 2018 performance report for the mid-flight aircraft (000768), the year-round delivery of aviation products is expected to increase by 77.33 per cent over the January-June 2018 net profit of the aircraft.
On 28 August, the Chinese airplane published its semi-annual report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 77.43 per cent over the same period in the previous year and a rapid increase in net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, which increased to 166.40 per cent for non-recurring gains and losses.
The company is the sole producer of the national aircraft, which consists mainly of military transport and bombing aircraft, while the civilian aircraft product includes the main nuclears of the national passenger aircraft, c919 and the feeder passenger aircraft, arj21.
For international aviation outsourcing, the company is the provider of the Boeing 737 aircraft tailings, the Boeing 747 aircraft configuration, the a319/a320 aircraft wings, sections 16 and 18 of the atr42/72 aircraft body, etc.
In the delivery cycle, the demand for medium-sized transport aircraft from 8 to 9 has stabilized, with aircraft deliveries reaching a 52-week high/minimum optimal level. At the same time, arj21 began to move into bulk production and, as of 25 August, Chengdu Aviation was in place.
The receipt of six anrj21 aircraft; c919 has begun the intensive research and development test flight phase, with six planned to launch the test with a net market rate of pb c919. The outbreak of demand for aviation products will drive continued rapid growth in the company ' s performance.
The company is now full of productive tasks and is expected to continue to keep the pace of product delivery for the second half of the year, and is expected to grow throughout the year. Looking ahead, the lack of strategic transport is the main factor in the construction of our army.
The development of new bombers has also been steadily advancing, becoming a potential new growth point. With regard to civilian aircraft, the market for 150 class passenger aircraft is vast, and the technology will be developed in c919 as well.
In addition, Chinese commercial flights have established a joint venture with the Russian Joint Aviation Manufacturing Group to develop a new generation of long-range wide-body aircraft 0929, which will also benefit from the project.
It is clear that the world is expected to grow up to be no different than that of Bombardy, Canada, and the Brazilian Aviation Industry Corporation (ABI), which has either a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on portfolio investment, to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.