The growth in performance is in line with expectations, with an expected excess year-round evaluation of the mid-flight aircraft and the mid-flight aircraft (000768).
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which achieved business income of $13,272 million, an increase of 23.47 per cent over the same year; and its net profit of $162 million, an increase of 77.33 per cent over the same period.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of 13,272 million yuan, an increase of 23.47 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 162 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 77.33 per cent in the same year. By single quarter, the company achieved business income of 8,021 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 5.30 per cent in the same year and 52.76 per cent in the first quarter; and a net profit of 135 million yuan for the mother, a decrease of 24.50 per cent in the same year, an increase of 40,149 per cent in the first quarter.
Based on past experience, the company’s annual collection plan has resulted in a significant increase in accounts receivable and a small increase in accounts payable. Companies are in a product release cycle, looking for luck at-20, and the future performance of special aircraft.
\triangleright is a military transporter, a bombing company, and a major civil aircraft development company. The company is in the upper chain of military aircraft, and warmth is a sign of wind for the military-industrial plates. The company is full of production and balanced production will promote the entire chain of industry with military aircraft.
With regard to military aircraft, the shipment of heavy-duty 20 military transport aircraft and the special types of aircraft based on the transportation-20 platform are currently in the rigid phase of demand, and the company is currently producing full capacity. With regard to civilian aircraft, a total of 453 orders have been issued for 21 clients.
Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom have revealed that the third of the country’s major aircraft, c919, is expected to be launched this year, and the piloting of the big aircraft is now well under way, with 815 orders. The Chinese aircraft is the only target of the current civilian build-up, and will benefit fully from the country’s blue-sea market in the future.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies