Non-Golden financial instruments: China's Galaxy (601881): credit, capital management, return to a share with positive results, slightly better than industry averages, and winding down is the key. - 6.35% of net return profits are growing well.
At the level of the industry as a whole (a total of $143.7 billion was collected in the securities sector in the first half of the year, representing a decrease of $420 million in the same year's expenditure (of which the management fee was $365 million less in the same year, while the tax deduction was roughly equal to the increase in the loss of impairment of assets).
Total equity/flow (million shares) Total market value/flow (millions) Total market value/flow (millions)
Net interest income increased by 40% over the year, mainly due to a significant increase in the size of stock pledge buy-back operations and a decrease in interest payments on financial assets sold out after financing. The two-fold balance of $47.4 billion, compared to the annual report of the China Galaxy (601881):
Advancing the One Wings strategy, both of which will be covered (Galactic money transfer on April 11th, or $500 million in replenishments, with a registered capital of 1 billion, net capital regulation targets, pressure reduced, asset management increased by 98 per cent to $29.97 billion; pool of funds
Traditional advantages remain, and transformation is key. China’s Milky Way has the largest network of physical channels in the industry, with 427 networks; based on this channel’s advantages, companies have a large client base (9.34 million private households, an increase of 570,000 compared to 2016, an increase of +6.5%; and the number of clients of investment enterprises
Base and shareholder advantage, holding shareholders in Galaxy. The actual controlling person is the State-owned sole-sourced company, the money transfer company, which is off-limits to workers, farmers, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China and China.
Investment proposals: The traditional advantages of large-scale trading operations remain, the elasticity of brokering benefits from the market by 4 billion, and the ability to finance is significantly enhanced, which is important for net-capital-centred voucher dealers and opens up further room for business growth;
The business situation has improved and is expected to open up to industrial opportunities; the company, as a sub-contributor, is small in circulation and has a value base, and is expected to be one of the leading players in industrial opportunities. To the company, the China Galaxy (601881): credit, capital management, returns to a share have been successful.
Table 3: Analysis of net profit reduction for Galaxy securities
China's Galaxy (601881): credit, capital management, returns to share a, returns to share a, China's Galaxy (601881): credit, returns to share a, returns to value a, “new wealth” AfDB number one in 2015; “new wealth” AfDB third in 2011; “new wealth” AfDB second in 2012; 2013
There is an in-depth study of securities, insurance, trust, integrated finance, cross-border finance, and financial technology. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report are all the same.
From the compliance channel, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research perspective, seeking independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concluding that it is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.