On 18 September, we studied the Galaxy in China and exchanged information with the management of companies on their operations, development strategies and operations.
The largest physical channel in the industry. The advantage of traditional brokering benefits from the magnification of transactions. \triangleright companies have significant advantages in terms of the size of their brokering operations, with 427 business points, the largest physical channel network in the industry, brokering.
In the first half of the year, the net income sector of corporate agents trading securities was ranked 2nd, market share 5.26%; the stock-based trading sector was ranked 4th, market share 4.61%. A large customer base and customer assets offer great potential for corporate business growth, especially as the market is now active and the volume of transactions is rising.
In the context of a significant increase in the average volume of transactions per day in September over $600 billion, a significant advantage in the size of the firm and a slightly higher commission rate (3.99 per 10,000) than in the industry would have benefited from a steady increase in the volume of transactions.
The net corporate interest income increased by 40 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with the trend of Deep 300, mainly as a result of the significant increase in the size of the equity pledge buy-back business and the decrease in the cost of the funds, which resulted in an increase in interest spreads. As of 18 September, the balance of the company was 51.8 billion.
Industry No. 4; outstanding market value of stock pledge buy-back business, 42,992 million, significantly higher than 161.13 Replenishment subsidiary for development, with significant increases in size and income
The size of the trust fund for the first half of the year was $29.97 billion, an increase of 98 per cent over the previous six months, with the industry ranking rising by 10 to 14 from 24 at the end of 2016; the operating income for the management business was $375 million, with companies operating robustly and with a traditional advantage in the size of the brokerage business, which is expected to benefit significantly from the current volume of market transactions.
1. China’s Galaxy (601688) annual report reviews: brokering leads, debt increases and returns to a share.
2. New share pricing report for Galaxy, China (601881): Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements based on the return of old consolidated bond dealers to a share in a country ' s capital base
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.