Quality Coal Chemical White Horse Leader, still growing fast.
Company profile: Quality Coal Chemical White Maroon Head, still growing rapidly. The company now forms synthetic ammonia 3.2 million tonnes/year, urea 1.8 million tonnes/year, dmf2.25 million tonnes/year, acetic acid 500,000 tonnes/year, adipic acid/year
160,000 tonnes/year, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 300,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyols, 3polymer cyanide, 034051,200066 tonnes/year, and 50,000 tonnes/year of acetic anhydride, which has successfully developed into large, competitive domestic capacity
The net profit in the east is 2,535 million yuan, a 1.99-fold increase over the same period. Most chemical products have low prices, excess capacity, and many businesses have either lost their profits, while Wallu’s boom is still a good profit.
Roe(ttm) is an analysis of the reasons. For many years in a row, the profitability of the company is clearly better than that of the same listed company, and this is not the occasional 12-month maximum price.
Roughness, but inevitable, is determined by the firm’s underlying factors, which became the firm’s core competitiveness from the industry at its lowest price in December.
To analyse the company's underlying factors: (a) the technological advantage accomplishes the company's cost advantage; (b) the “multiline” industrial chain advantage, flexible production and maximization of benefits; and (c) the company's cost-control capacity, the company's duration, where the cost rate and management rate are only about half that of a company comparable to that of the industry, which is a surplus of traditional production capacity.
urea prices have risen significantly over the last six years, and companies have benefited from a sharp increase in the price of the acetic acid ring. urea: Walluheungl urea (small particles) was set at $2,200 per ton on October 15, 2018, up from nearly six years ago.
This represents an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same period last year; the average price for 2018 was 1955 dollars per ton, compared to 500,000 tons of ethanol, which was scheduled for production in the same period in 2017, which will boost the company’s performance next year. On October 9, 2018, the company announced that the 500,000 tons/year ethanol production unit had recently been fully implemented, reaching 70 per cent of the load.
The project is expected to generate 3.5 billion yuan per year, based on an average annual price of 7,000 yuan per ton. The import of ethanol is large.
The circular multi-lined economy is a flexible multi-product business model that can adapt production patterns and product structures in a timely manner, depending on changes in product markets, and maximizes benefits. Companies maintain the technological and cost advantages of coal-chemicals with industry leaders through continuous energy-efficient technologies.
The advantages of the valuation are clear, and the company’s “recommended” investment rating is maintained. Hua Ruhingung, a leading sponsor of the company’s company, was launched in June 2002 by a company that was owned by urea, in association with several other large Shandong countries.
Production and marketing, through the expansion of product size, extension of industrial chains, and a combination of clean gasification technologies, have focused on the integrated use of resources, creating a “multi-line” revolving economy flexible multi-manufacturing business model. Major operations include the production and marketing of fertilizers and chemical products, including urea, acetic acid and derivatives, dmf, adipic acids and intermediates.
Organamines, ethanol, etc. The company has successfully developed into a large domestic competitive coal industry with ongoing energy conservation and environmental improvements to maintain the production of coal-chemicals leading the industry/year, 160,000 tonnes/year of adipic acid, 550,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 300,000 tonnes/year of nitrate, 200,000 tonnes/year of polyols, 50,000 tonnes of melamine/year, and 50,000 tonnes of acetic anhydride/year.
Companies take full advantage of the multiplicity of co-productions, adapt their production patterns and product structures in a timely manner in response to market changes, dig deep into the net profits of their shareholders in the city, which are 2,535 million yuan, a 1.99-fold increase over the same period. In the third quarter, operating revenues were 3,852 million yuan, which is the same as most chemical products in the last two years, with low prices, excess capacity, and many businesses that are either at a loss or at a loss.
It's a typical "loose knowledge of horsepower" that still maintains a better profit. In the first three quarters of 2018, the net asset earnings of companies were as high as 24.26 per cent, with a higher rate of innovation.
It is not a coincidence, but rather a necessity, that the company's profitability is significantly better than that of the same listed company for several years in a row.
It's a firm's intrinsic factor, and these intrinsic factors are the core that Wallu Hisung-chung can pull out of the industry, and here we look at the company's intrinsic factors in several ways: (a) the technological advantage to achieve the company's cost advantage; (b) the “multiline” industrial chain advantage, flexible production, maximization of benefits; and (c) the company's cost control capacity.
A key point in the Walluhein upgrading chain is gasification, which is the core production technology and, at the same time, the main step in controlling production costs. Gasification technology is the delivery of properly treated coal into reactors, such as gas.
In the furnace, at a certain temperature and pressure, through oxidizers (air or oxygen and vapour) converted into gases in a certain flow mode (mobile beds, fluid beds or carrying beds) with a crude water gas, which can be obtained through processes such as subsequent devulcanization of carbon to refined carbon monoxide.
The company uses water slurry gasification technology to replace the traditional gui stationary gasification process, which uses multiple nozzle (four nozzles) water slurry plus gasification, which is a pressured gas flow bed process. The gas furnace of this technology converts the Texaco single nozzle to a pair of nozzles, which enhances heat transfer, with a carbon conversion rate of more than 98% compared to coal consumption.
A reduction of about 2.2 per cent, a 6.6 per cent reduction in oxygen consumption, and a more flexible adjustment load than a single nozzle furnace.
Wet grinding coal to avoid safety risks of dry grinding coal, low carbon conversion rates, more than 22 per cent carbon in slags, high gasification temperatures, low levels of pollutants such as tar, phenol, etc. Environmentally friendly performance
The advanced clean gas technology uses lower-priced coal (brown coal) as the main production feedstock, while the industry uses the traditional fixed-bed process in large quantities, is forced to use smoke-free coal at higher prices and is less expensive in the country than in the near future.
The price of coal is 300-500 yuan/tonne, so that the cost of synthesizing gas in Waruhein is significantly lower than the industry average, and companies use synthetic gas to produce coal-based products such as urea, methanol, which are lower than the industry average, as reflected in the company's product Māori rates are higher than those of industry-like listed companies.
In addition, the firm places great emphasis on reducing efficiency gains, achieving further reductions in its production costs through technological and technological modifications, optimizing production processes, improving production efficiency and reducing energy consumption, further increasing the company ' s cost advantage, and keeping the public sector in a position where the industry is in a situation of severe overcapacity.
In April 2016, the company issued a bulletin on energy-efficient technology adaptation projects for the construction of air sub-devices to invest 506 million yuan in energy-efficient technologies for space sub-devices. The company ' s existing 1, 2#, respectively, space-devices are associated with large-scale nitrogen fertilization technologies. The adaptation project and the coal localization of raw materials and the power restructuring project are all home-grown devices and are produced on a smaller scale.
Low level of equipment, high unit output performance energy consumption, resulting in higher oxygen production costs. In addition, 2 # air pressure units cannot achieve design capacity due to asthma shock problems in compressors, affecting production of downstream support systems.
On 26 August 2014, the company announced its intention to invest in the upgrading of traditional industries and the integrated use of cleaner production;
The project plans to invest 2,831 million yuan, and the new project, using advanced water-powder gasification technologies, will build an annual production unit (approximately 1 million tons of ammonia) with a production capacity of 1,368 million nm3 (co+h2) to replace a synthetic gas production unit using traditional gui fixed-bed gas technology, which will further reduce the consumption of raw coal and utilities.
Effectively reducing environmental pollution. On October 9, 2017, the company announced that the traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integrated use item 3.2, “Multiline” industrial chain advantages, flexible production, maximization of benefits.
Intermediate products such as ammonia, methanol, and coco can be further processed to produce end-products such as urea, carbon monochemistry, and cyto-synthetic, because of the flexibility to regulate the various products in production, so it is called flexible multi-production. According to this mode of production, raw materials are used very well, there is virtually no waste generation, and all gas from coal is used for the production of products, with high feedstock benefits.
The cost of each product is also spread out. Companies can operate in a way that allows inter-product, inter-system, inter-park co-production, which is expensive and productive. For example, synthetic ammonia and methanol can be regulated, and in urea prices are high.
In 2016, when the price of urea fell by 1,200 yuan per ton, the production of urea was largely unprofitable and the company would be able to minimize the rate of urea, while increasing the production of methanol, reducing the amount of methanol taken out and achieving cost savings; methamines and methamines could be co-produced, while methamines could be co-produced.
They can also directly produce dmf, which can also be linked to changes in the market. These co-productions, which are highly interlocking with the market, result in particularly high combined use of corporate raw materials, strong synergies, maximization of benefits, and, to some extent, smoothing off the impact of industrial cycle fluctuations.
3.3 Corporate cost control capacity. Corporate cost rates are significantly lower than industry averages. In recent years, company-time costs have been around 7 per cent, with management costs around 2 per cent. This rate is very low in the manufacturing industry as a whole, reflecting the very good management of the company.
Capacity. In 2017, for example, the cost of the company period was 4.91 per cent, compared to the company Hubei, 27.84 per cent for the same industry, 9.32 per cent for the Luzi chemical industry, 1.64 per cent for the same industry, 12.99 per cent for the same industry, 3.97 per cent for the same industry, and 3.97 per cent for the same industry.
This is particularly important for making a profit in the traditional excess-capacity sector. urea prices have risen to nearly six years and the Acetic Acetic Price Rings have risen dramatically, benefiting the company urea: urea: urea urea (small particles) was set at $2,200 per ton on October 15, 2018, almost six years ago.
Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acetic Acids
The production of 5.5 million tonnes of ethanol is scheduled to boost the company's performance next year. ethanol products are mainly used in the production of polyester resins, anti-frozen fluids and adhesives, paint solvents, chill-resistant lubricants, surfactants, etc.
The production of ethylene from methanol and pyrecephalates, which are oxidized, hydrated and synthesized ethanol; the coal-based ethanol consists of direct (synthetic gas-ethanol) or coal-based (synthetic gas-ethanol), indirect synthesis (synthetic hydrocarbons, herbate, etc.) and biomass-based biomass. The ethanol is dominated by the ethylene process, which accounts for about 70% of the total production capacity.
In recent years, through research, adaptation and operation of the 50,000-ton/year synthetic tail ethanol conservation project, the company has acquired full-scale knowledge of synthetic gas ethanol production technology and the conditions for large-scale industrial production.
The crude oil price rebounded to boost the price of ethanol, and the 500,000 tonnes project will lead to a significant increase in corporate profitability. On April 30, 2016, the company announced an investment in the 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol project, with an investment of 2,674 million US dollars.
The company’s 50,000-ton/year ethanol project was invested in more than 500 million yuan, and the cost of depreciation per ton of products for the 500,000-ton ethanol project will be significantly reduced, combined with a scalding effect and increased production efficiency, and the company’s future cost of ethanol is expected to be significantly reduced.
At an annual average price of $7,000 per ton, the 500,000 tonnes of ethanol project is expected to yield 3.5 billion yuan per year. The company ' s 50,000 tonnes of ethanol project, at around $1,500 per ton, is expected to generate a single ton of ethylene import replacement space.
Depending on insufficient supply of ethylene raw materials and inadequate technology for coal-chemicals, there is a persistent and large supply and demand gap for ethanol in the country, dependent on imports. In 2007, ethanol production was 2.08 million tons, yielding 1.82 million tons and using 87.5 per cent; in 2016 it was 8.34 million tons, yielding 5.06 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 60.7 per cent.
Diol production is expanding more rapidly, but due to the expansion of capacity, mainly coal-based ethanol, which, due to poor technology, is not stable production, product quality does not meet polyester standards, and domestic ethanol production utilization is declining. As the domestic production of ethanol has not been able to meet the rapid increase in downstream demand, ethanol consumption in 2016 appears to be low.
Our imports of ethanol amounted to 8.72 million tons a year, an increase of 15.25 per cent over the same year, and the company, relying on clean gasification technology, focused on the integrated use of resources and built a “one-way” revolving economy, a flexible multi-production business model that adapts production patterns and product structures in a timely manner to changes in product markets to achieve the most benefits.
The company’s ability to make a profit is significantly better than that of a listed company through continuous energy-efficient and environmentally friendly technological changes. Through endogenous growth, the company has successfully developed into the country’s most competitive major coal industry, and the company’s 500,000 tons of ethanol project is operational, leading to a substantial increase in corporate profitability.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been informed independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.