The remaining 20 per cent of the shares are also being sold and cut off from 2,665 million in environmental industries.
According to the industry, the engineering and machinery sector continued to outpace the expected growth, with high growth in cranes, concrete pumps, relay excavators. At the same time, the company’s cranes, concrete machines, etc.
The market share of domestic products continues to be “on the count of one or two”, leading to a 1 to 5 per cent increase in prices and a 40 per cent down payment rate; among these, construction cranes and long-arm pumps continue to be industry leaders. In addition, companies have developed a strong potential market for high-altitude machine companies, the first products of which were marketed in May.
Agricultural machinery earns 940 million, compared to -40%, which we think is a decline in the industry as a whole, as a result of falling crop prices, reduced acquisition subsidies, etc. But in July 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the artificial intelligence firm, landing.ai, of Professor Wun Da, which is expected to lead to an upgrading of the transition.
To provide new energy for the development of this business, financial services generated $190 million, or +46 per cent, and companies financed the establishment of the Finance Guarantee Department during the reporting period, and the creation of the China-China Federation Fund in partnership with the leading fund management team in the country, further upgrading China-China Federation.
▪ Significant increases in profitability and significant decreases in the cost of the period
The supply of cranes should not be expected to drive price increases, while at the same time producing significant scale effects for companies. 19 per cent for the period, compared to 7.4 pct, of which sales cost is 8.2 per cent, management costs, sales cost rates and lower administrative cost rates are mainly due to corporate mitigation efficiency and financial cost rates
The decline was mainly influenced by exchange gains and losses. The decrease in interest rates and net return profits was mainly due to investment gains of $10.7 billion for companies’ disposers’ subsidiaries during the same period in 2017, resulting in a high net profit base.
▪ Significant improvements in operating cash flows, significant improvements in operating capacity,1 Central and Central United Nations Heavy Section: performance against expectations, operating cash flows of $1,595 million, compared with +128.8 per cent, and significant cash flows as a result of increased sales returns
At the end of the reporting period, the company received $1.42 billion in advance payments (of which no significant advance payments were made for more than one year), compared to +500 million, which represents an increase in initial payments for equipment advanced by major clients.
The highest level is enough to explain the boom in cranes and concrete machines. Based on two major sources of support, based on the financing environment and the policy landscape, capital investment is expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and capital investment is projected to increase by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which is expected to boost the demand for cranes and pumps.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: benefiting from the continued growth of the engineering and machinery industry and the consolidation of corporate operations