q4 has grown significantly, and performance is forecast to be over-expected - corporate dynamics (600346), q4 has increased significantly and performance is forecast to be over-expected
The company ' s fibre-optics business has 1.5 million tons of production-capable scrubbing wire (Fdy 1.1 million tons, dty 0.4 million tons), and 200,000 tons of industrial silk. The company ' s civil-use longlines, dominated by a super-detailed fdy, have in recent years increased their production capacity by less, an average of 10 per cent, an increase in the price difference of 200 yuan/tonne over q3, and further increase their civil-fibre profitability.
In addition to the growth in exports affected by the United States general elections, the profitability of the thermal power industry and the overall profitability of the business has increased significantly. In comparison with the trend of Deep 300, the prices of bopets have also risen sharply in four quarters, and the price differentials suggest that the q4 rate of Quantified petrochemicals has been reversed.
There are clear differences between companies and their counterparts in the structure of civil silk products, with a 73% share of them and a 10% share of them in the city.
With new production capacity dominated by poy, less volley, more profitable than the other two, we're judging that 17 years of fdy landscape will go further up. Faced with fast-changing end markets, companies do not just seek to expand their production capacity, but rather focus on new products for development, forming rapid market response and competing in intense markets.
The company is the third largest producer of industrial silk in the country, with the top four producers in the industry accounting for close to 60% of the country’s total output, with higher concentration and stable supply. The industrial silk application is widespread, and demand growth remains strong.
Fan Jingsong, a small grouping of companies, an upstream asset injection worth looking forward to, has a strong holding stockholders' hesitancy group, which in 2016 sold over 250 billion yuan.
Listed companies account for only 8% of corporate revenues, which is a typical small group model. The group's persistent petrochemicals (Daren) currently produce 6.6 million tons of pta, the country's second-largest pta supplier, and the actual controller has promised pta assets to Shen Xiaogen.
On 2 November, the company announced that it was planning a major asset restructuring, which is still in the process of being closed, three, profit predictions and investment proposals:
Jang Mingjian Company rating: O3 main battalion performance meets expectations.