Researchchand developmentcenter Sword: New White Horse, New Consumption!
24 February 2021 Sword: New White Horse, New Consumption!
New consumption: Tyres are generally found in the market to be chemical cycle plates or car spare parts, and race tires (601058) are industrial and subject to fluctuations in the price of raw materials. In our view, tyres come from the consumer side.
The market also believes that Chinese tyres are not recognized by consumers today, but will gradually be replaced by national products tomorrow.
Consumers accept it. We believe that today Chinese tyres are accepted by consumers, and that the path is not a substitute for national production. The term national substitution implies nationalism, of course, but higher is the return to the essence of the product, conquering consumers through good products without borders. It's like watching.
We didn't ask for local players to replace foreign aid in the cba league, we wanted to see better performances, we saw winning games, and we were proud of our best basketball players getting into Nba, the biggest basketball market in the world, the level of practice, the strength.
Similar to Nba and cba, the US tyre market is now much larger than China’s tyre market, and is the world’s largest market. And China’s tire leader has received direct consumer approval in the US market.
Upgraded, upscaling the market in Europe and America, and achieving rapid and continuous growth in performance is significantly different from the performance of chemical-cycle assets, reflecting the properties of consumer goods. In the future, China’s tyre taps in China City will become more watery as China’s vehicle holdings increase.
New white horse: China’s tyre industry is undergoing a sharp process of convergence, with the race tires being one of the few leading companies to win. Profit growth has continued over the last three years, with the fastest-growing industries in the world. In late 2020, the United States first cut on the anti-dumping survey of wheeled tyres in South-East Asia, and the Viet Nam factory anti-dumping rates in the race wheels.
At zero, it has a better production profile than its counterparts. The product of wheel tyres has increased and dropped in the last month of the United States of America (%) and has been recognized from the end of its consumption from small to large series of specifications, with prices closer to the country.
The core competitive advantage of the long-term growth of a tyre enterprise is the upgrading of products, the proportion of round tyres in circulationa in the whole chain of tyres, such as manufacturing, materials, product design, process equipment, etc.
It's the biggest potential business in China's tyre industry.
3 Risk of reduced demand for travel due to the global epidemic
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in Beijing City West Side City is different from the market's general understanding of new consumption: it's generally accepted that tyres are part of chemical cycle plates, or car parts, industrial products, in the original form.
In our view, tyres account for about 80% of the replacement tyres directly to consumers in terms of consumption. In particular, the passenger tires are consumer-oriented c-end consumer goods, rather than industrial goods.
We believe that Chinese tyres are accepted by consumers today, and that the path is not a substitute for national production. The term national substitution is implicit in nationalism, of course, but higher is the return to the essence of the product, conquering consumers through good products without borders. Just as we didn't ask to replace foreign aid with indigenous players when watching the cba league, we wanted to see it.
More spectacular performances, winning competitions, and proud of the fact that our best basketball players are able to enter Nba, the world’s largest basketball market, the proof of level, and the best market for profit. Similar to Nba and cba, America’s tyre market is now much bigger than China’s tyre market, and it is the world’s largest market.
In recent years, several leading companies have upgraded their products, and in Europe and America, they have increased their volume and performance at a rapid pace, significantly different from the behaviour of chemical-cycle assets, reflecting the properties of consumer goods. China’s future performance in China’s tyre-drawn markets will rise to the same level as China’s vehicle holdings.
New White Horse: China’s tyre industry is undergoing a sharp process of convergence, with the race tire industry being one of the few leading firms to win. Profit growth has continued over the last three years, with the fastest-growing industry.
The core competitive advantage of the long-term growth of tyre firms is the upgrading of the product, which is the greatest potential in China’s tyre industry in terms of the industrial chain of manufacturing, materials, product design, process preparation, etc.
The tires are being rediscovered by the capital market, the tires are hiding in chemical plates, it's hard to hide the luminous nature of consumption, and it's history that tyres are made into naturalized industries.
A few months after the establishment of the new China, in 1950, the Department of Heavy Industry established the Bureau of Chemical Industry and the Ministry of Light Industry established the Rubber Industry Administration. In 1956, the Department of Chemical Industry was merged with the Directorate of Rubber Industry and formed the Department of Chemical Industry, which is responsible for the chemical industry throughout the country.
The rubber and plastics industry remains a branch of the chemical industry. In the Schenwan Industrial Classification framework, which is widely used in the market today, tyres are still defined as one of the chemical plates.
However, unlike most chemical properties, tyres are differentiated products and consumer goods. The core view of this paper is to re-evaluate the value of tyre assets from the point of view of consumption.
Tyres are the final consumer commodity, and according to Tyre Business, the global tyre market sells annually, at a factory price, at around $170 billion, and a trillion yuan in size is a large consumer goods market, with about 60% of the tyres on board.
Commercial car tyres account for about 40 per cent of the total; the tyre market is a consumer goods market because only about 20 per cent of tyres, in monetary terms, are sold in an ancillary market, i.e. car-to-car manufacturing plants, while 80 per cent of tyres are consumed in the replacement market, i.e., the consumer stock of cars that need to replace tyres.
The world’s largest tyre company, Michelin, estimates that 28% of vehicle tyre consumption is in the appliance market and 72% in the replacement market, while 17% of commercial tyre consumption is in the appliance market and 83% in the replacement market. Even in the apparel market, tyres are different from electronic products such as mobile phone parts.
It's the only part of the car that highlights brands, in addition to car brands, which independently endorse the performance and quality of their products. So tyres still appear to be a differentiated brand consumer in the apparel market, and are not weak in the replacement market.
Periodic shares of products, whose prices fluctuate up and down with supply and demand, do not have a long-term upward trend over time. Products such as mdi, pvc, pta, for example, in chemical products, are observed over a 10-year time horizon, not only with no upward trend, but even with a downward trend in technological progress.
Individual companies producing periodicals do not play too much on the product, and their mdis, under a given license plate, have a fixed molecular mass, performance parameters, and each firm has to perform the required actions and accept a uniform market price. Can an individual company make more molecules of polymer mdi in order to sell more prices?
There's no way to use it downstream. So, with a long-term view, ironing fluctuations, there is only a logic of incrementality, without price increases, and if the market is oligarchic, there is limited space for volume, and the ceiling is low when it comes to valuation levels.
Unlike consumer goods, where consumer goods are differentiated products, there is a potential for individual firms to increase their product volumes and prices if they are able to do so. For example, one generation of cell phones were priced at 1999 dollars eight years ago, while today’s 11 generation of cell phones have been priced Tyres, which, although consistently classified as chemicals’ sub-industry, are clearly not bulk chemicals, and tyre properties are consumer goods.
China’s tires are still at less than 2% of the world’s markets, and the price of specific products is only about one-and-a-half of the international brands such as Michelin. There is room for upswing, and the following is an analysis of whether they have their own brands, whether they are sold at the end of consumption, or whether they have entered the upward trajectory of product prices.
In the last five years, China’s tyre taps have shown consumption properties, even if the product produced is a consumer product at end 2c, but if it is a non-differentiated product, it still displays cyclicality, mainly influenced by fluctuations in supply-demand relationships. And our May 2020 report, Race tires: Industrial integration goes hand in hand with corporate restructuring.
As already explained in Zhen, Performance Growth and Valuation Refurbishment, more than 600 tyre firms in China compete for homogenization and are subject to trade barriers in markets such as Europe and the United States, a small number of firms operating overseas have turned the risk of double reverse into an opportunity to jump out of the Red Sea, where China has a surplus of tire production, and have made good profits, and have invested more in research and development to upgrade their products.
The fetuses industry has become polarized, and a very small number of leading firms have grown steadily. At this point, the tires have competed for differentiated products, compared to the vast majority of firms in crisis in the country, and over the past five years, the cyclical shares of the chemical plates have become significantly different from those of the tires.
In the last five years, the cyclical assets of the chemical plate have gone through cyclical ice points, supply-side reform start-up cycles, environmental protection, production-restrictive accelerated cycle peaks, trade-driven cycle down, new crown cycle rapid decline, weekly recovery cycle fluctuations.
The single-quarter income of round tyres over the past 20 quarters showed a clear and sustained growth trend, with single-quarter net-return earnings rising rapidly from the margins of gains and losses. Even with the impact of the new global crown epidemic in 2020, profits grew to $4.37 billion in q3 a year, with single-quarter non-return net profits reaching $520 million.
Not only do tyres show a trend of increasing income, profit, rather than cyclical fluctuations, but it is clear that profits are growing faster than income, and that they can be inferred from the increase in the profit margin of their sales. The increase in profits is not only the expansion of the volume, but also the increase in the profit margin, as can be seen from the figure below, which shows that the past five years have seen a rise in the Māori, net profit, roe, and so on.
So is it proof that the increase in value added and the increase in the price level of the product is yielding a profit margin? Logically, it's missing. The green part is the price of natural rubber over the past five years. In addition to the brief months at the end of 2016, it can be seen that natural rubber has been on a roller coast for most of the five years, as a result of the increase in the price of a variety of commodities driven by the side reforms at that time.
Prices have remained stable, and there has been no clear and sustained downswing. That is, the increase in the profitability of wheel tyres over the past five years is not based on cheap raw materials, but on increased value added of products.
Māori grew from 1.86 billion to 3.91 billion yuan. In the overseas market, race round acquisition increased by 104%, to 3.03 billion yuan.
In the Chinese market, the Māori harvest of the round increased by 162%, to 820 million yuan. Two of these factors are: Māori’s increase in share contributed more than the price contribution.
The average consumer is not familiar with the consumption scene of truck tyres, but 3,318 million wheel tyres are not a small number.
Where's the tires from the wheels?
The product of wheel tyres is divided into car series, suv series, air-deficit insurance series, light card series, winter tyre series, and racing series.
Tyres such as 255/35r20 for reloading and racing large-scale tyres. The product sizes are as many as hundreds. To reveal the undervalued nature of a product, more space is given below to describe its product and consumption scenes.
Figure 7: Example of the product of round tyres suv tyres, Figure 8: Example of the product of round tyres, snowfield tyres, International Large Branded Tyres generally use “corporate name” + “series name” for product naming, for example, Pristoon
This is a way to distinguish sub-series names from different product characteristics, and to better shape the family order of the main brands, which are often created by new tyre firms without corporate brands at the beginning. This way is more flexible.
It also separates the risks of sub-branding from the company, but the opposite is against the image of the company. Race tires are the only company in the country that has established its own branding system by reference to one of the leading international companies.
The next step is to recognize the price level of the wheeled tire product when it is clearly branded and specified. Besides being an investor, the reader in this paper has no domestic perception of the product of the wheeled tyres as a consumer, because the main market for the wheeled tyres is the United States replacement tyre market.
We look at hundreds of specifications of tyres that consumers face in the U.S. tyre replacement market through the well-known tires electrician website, and we give a few examples. For example, we search for tyres of the 235/50r18 specifications, without setting other filter conditions. The typical type of car with this tyre is Cadillac 6.
The second racer series recommended by the simpletire website, at $125.96 a unit; and the fourth, also a racer, inspire comfort series, at $142.78 a unit price, is significantly lower than the international first line, such as Pristom, and is close to the international second line of Japanese to the East Sea tires.
Similar to the price of the Taiwan Margis brand of low- and medium-end brand friend Falken. Figure 9: 235/50r 18 Steam tires United States market price (US$/bar)
Topchoicesfrromdriversnearyou search for a suv tyre 295/45r20 specification without other filtering conditions. The typical model of this tyre is very American, the Big Cherokee Srt adaptation.
The second racer of the atrezzosvrlx series recommended by the simpletirrel website, with a unit price of $130.97, remains significantly below the international first line of endurance brands, close to the international second line of the Japanese East Ocean wheels, where the wheels take on the wheels of the wheels.
The third step is how many products are sold, and the market share of brands. The next analysis is the US market.
The export of the US is subject to double counter-sanctions, and after 2018, 25% of the trade-war tariffs were added. So, the wheels entered the US and manufactured and exported from their Vietnamese factories by car tires.
In January 2021, the company announced its intention to invest in three phases of a factory in Viet Nam, which includes an additional 3 million steel products per year. Thus, we expect the company in Viet Nam to have 16 million steel products in 2022.
The start-up rate of the company’s semi-steel plant capacity in Viet Nam in the last few years is known. First, the market demand for the company’s semi-steel products is growing steadily every year. Second, the company has traditionally invested in caution to boost the delivery of movable property with market demand and maintain a high start-up rate.
The EU, the United States, currently impose double-tariff duties on truck tyres exported by China, while the market for truck tyres produced by Vietnamese factories is the EU and the United States. Currently, the EU does not impose trade barriers on vehicle tyres exported by China, so the market for vehicle tyres produced by Vietnamese factories is the United States.
The demand for a change of market is about 250 million, so the number of wheel tyres exported to the United States from the Vietnamese factory using tens of thousands of wheeled tires is about 4% of the brand market that should be at end 2c in the United States. It's a brand market that can't be ignored.
In January-September 2020, it still reached $1.82 billion. In the company’s semi-annual report for 2020, the net profit rate of its factory in Viet Nam was 27%.
Why would the wheels take the US market as the main market for their own tires? The next chapter looks at the logic behind the US-China tyre consumption market.
There are structural differences in the market for the consumption of tyres in China and the United States. In the market for periodicals, customers accept non-differentiated products, firms have to dig in and control their production through resources and technology. In the consumer goods market, differentiated customers accept differentiated products, and firms have to study their customers.
The thermal value and price ratio of coal may be a constant, while the performance and price ratio of most consumer goods is not a fraction, but a price of $200. Rational choice is not only one, because the extra 120 dollars is different for each consumer’s marginal utility.
Instead of complaining about consumer irrationality or trying to educate consumers, as a manufacturer, two things have to be clarified: first, what kind of goods do you have to offer yourself? Second, where do consumers need such goods?
China and the United States are the world’s largest consumers, and China is the world’s largest consumer. Many people think that China is the world’s largest consumer market, at least in size.
The first is new car sales, which China surpassed the United States 10 years ago, making it the world’s largest car-producing country. In 2020, China sold 1.76 million cars and the United States sold 14.6 million vehicles, and from this point of view, China needed more than the United States in terms of quantities.
The main demand market for tyres, however, is the stock market. According to data from our Public Security Department and the United States Department of Transportation, US automobile holdings reached 280 million in mid-2020, which is the same. Here we focus on vehicle tyres, so, according to our National Statistics Office, our holdings in 2020 were 220 million minibuses.
The data show that 250 million vehicles are in service. The US stock market is larger. The US-China tyre consumption market varies widely, but the number of cars is not equal to the amount of tyres consumed, much less the amount of tyres consumed.
The difference in unit prices may exceed one order of magnitude because of the large variation in tyre specifications. There is no authoritative body data that takes into account the size of each country’s tyre consumption market. The following two methods are used to extrapolate the relationship:
In 2020, China and the United States did not have a particularly large difference in new vehicle sales and holdings, but at a deeper level they had to consider different models. Motorintelligence published the top 10 models and sales in the United States of America in 2020, which were dominated by pickups and suvs.
On the simpletire website, you can search the unit price of the corresponding tyre. Each vehicle uses four tyres, and you can calculate the amount of the top10 model under the total sales. The top10 model sells about 4 million, or about 30% of the new US car sales in 2020, and the sample is large enough. We assume that the 250 million American stock cars are structured in the same way as the 4 million.
By 2020, our Federation announced that we would be able to increase the sales of the top 12 models by about 4 million, compared to the top 10 in the United States. We looked for the type of tires used in the Top10, and...
Let's say they're all in the middle brand of tyres, Han Tai, and we're looking for a unit price for the corresponding type of tyres on our tires power company platform's Trailer website. Each car uses four tyres, and it's possible to calculate the amount of tyres used under the Top12 total sales. We fake that the 220 million stock cars are structured in the same way as the 4 million. Therefore, the amount of tyres used is increased proportionately by 4 million.
An intuitive observation alone will also reveal a large difference in the market for Chinese-American tyres. US sales of top3 are full of pickups, our sales of pickups, 3 suvs and 2 sedans, and our sales of top10 include 7 sedans and 3 suvs. There are significant differences in the specifications of Chinese-American top10 tyres, and there are clear differences in the corresponding unit price.
Based on the above model, the result is a total value of 250 million tyres in the United States and 220 million tyres in China, which is 3.6 times the total value of the two. If one factor is to be taken into account for the annual market consumption of Chinese-American tyres, one is the frequency with which tyres are replaced.
The conclusion should be that there is a much larger difference between China and the United States in the annual market for the consumption of tyres in their cars than we thought.
This conclusion is validated by a different method. By studying the distribution of the markets of the top-ranked international tyre companies, we accumulated an estimate of the small size of the US-China tyre market. We studied the top eight firms that together accounted for 60% of the entire world tyre market in monetary terms.
Global cities account for 15 per cent of Michelin, income was divided into three geographical plates in 2019, North American revenue accounted for 37 per cent of corporate income, and other regions (Asia, Australia, Africa, South America) accounted for 26 per cent. Global cities accounted for 15 per cent of Priscton, income was divided into four geographical plates in 2019, and the Americas accounted for 47 per cent of the total, except for the other regions (Asia, Australia, Africa and South America).
Asia and the Pacific accounted for 15 per cent outside Japan, with emea referring to Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. 3. Global cities accounted for 8 per cent of the fixed rate, with revenues divided into three geographical plates in 2019, with 54 per cent in the Americas, 14 per cent in Asia and the Pacific, $113 per unit price per tyre sold in the Americas and $71 per unit price in Asia and the Pacific.
The world ' s cities accounted for 7 per cent of mainland Germany, with income divided into five geographical plates in 2019, North America 28 per cent, Asia 4 per cent of households, North America 18 per cent in 2019, global cities 4 per cent of durability, North America 21 per cent, Asia and the Pacific 21 per cent in 2019.
North America accounts for 45% of income from high-end products above 18 inches, and China for 24% from high-end products above 18. Global cities account for 3% from Yokohama, with four geographical panels in 2019, North America for 26% and Asia for 16%.
This method of synthesizing the size of the Chinese-American tyre market by using the market distribution of large companies in the tyre industry is consistent with the above model for estimating the size of the tyre market using the difference in the size of the Chinese-American car. The Chinese market for the consumption of tyres by car is still higher than in the United States at this stage.
There is a difference in the structure of China’s car owners, China owns 220 million cars, the United States owns 250 million, and China currently has 1.4 billion people, and the United States has 330 million.
The US Department of Commerce’s social survey shows that an average of 1.9 cars per household in the US, with no home, has dropped to 9% of the total number of households in the US, while 91% of households in the US own more than one car.
If the temporal dimension is considered again, 79% of households in the US owned more than one car in 1960. American cars have basically achieved full coverage of the population, i.e. all segments of society own cars and have owned cars for a long time.
And 100 people in my country own 16 cars, and their class distribution should be uneven. The first to have a private car is a high-income group in society, with high consumption capacity, and even a recent upward trend in consumption. Even with a continuing decline of 6.3% in national passenger traffic, Chinese BMW sales grew by 10% in the morning in 2020, and Beijing’s sales grew by 10%.
Twelve per cent, compared to the same 39 per cent increase in the sales of the Odia 6 single model. Second, there is another group of cars that have a significant share of ownership, namely, the top three of the sales list, the stubble, the stubble, the Mitsubishi grandlight, which in fact represents a huge difference in the structure of the country ' s mini-economy ' s owners, which also results in a difference in post-car market consumption preferences.
As mentioned above, a consumer consumer is faced with a layered client, with a high-end demand of $200 for 100 cents of performance, a mid-end demand of $80 for 80 cents of performance, and a low-end demand of $50 for 30 cents of performance. Producers cannot educate consumers, but find consumers for their own products.
At this stage of development, the competitive advantage of the country’s tires is to provide high-value products at the middle end. Today’s US market is not only large, but also spread across all levels of demand, with a large demand for high-value products at the middle end. The Chinese market is in the process of becoming a mature market. The US market is today, both in terms of volume and consumer preferences.
China’s tire-heading companies must take the lead in the market. The choice between the Chinese tyre industry and the automobile industry is far too late to start than Europe or America, and they can only look for growth opportunities in an already-inherently market-based setting.
South Korea’s Han Tai tyres are similar to us from many angles. Of course, Han Tae is ahead of us, so Han Tai’s path to development is worth our attention.
At the end of 2001, China joined the wto to reduce the tariffs on spare parts for cars, and in 2002 the Chinese government used a car to blow up the New Year's in the first place.
At a time when the sale of cars had just started, there was no stock market for replacement tyres, and the Internet was just beginning to spread, and the data on tyre sales and market rates were no longer available. But today’s Chinese car is no longer available.
Most of the first tires in the main memory are Han Tai. When a number of joint ventures chose the matching tires, the North and South did not match the high-end brand German mainland tyres, but almost all Han Tai and Jin Lake tyres; Shanghai used the best-selling car, apart from Bek Gunway, also matches the Korean tires. South Korea’s modern Kia cars were naturally all Korean tyres.
Cherie, Jili, Southeast, etc. are low-end models, and are low-end in a large number of foreign-financed tyres – Han Tae, Jinko. Roughly estimated, Han Tai’s position in China’s pneumatic tyres at the time was a crushing advantage.
From $1.1 billion in 2001 to a peak of $6.9 billion in 2013, global city coverage rose from 1.6% in 2001 to 3.7% in 2013, with Han Tai growing faster than the industry. However, the income of Han Tae tires fell and fluctuated after 2013.
But, after 2013, Han Tai’s global city share has remained largely stable at around 3.4% and stable. However, Han Tae’s tyre surface is flat, but it is actually swarm, changing.
From Han Tai’s public data, the distribution of income for the period 2010q2 to 2020q3 is 42 consecutive quarters, with four major markets in Korea, China, Europe, and North America growing at the same time before 2013. But after 2013, there was a trend of polarization, with Han Tai’s income rising in Europe and America, even falling in the global tire market.
In 2013, Han Tai’s income in South Korea and China, the quarterly income distribution of Han Tai tyres (millions of US dollars) was hit first and foremost by Han Tai’s acillary market position. As mentioned earlier, in China, sales by car have declined year after year for more than two years.
Against this background, sales of bba (Benz, BMW, Audi) are growing rapidly every year, and this is indistinguishable from the bba’s price zone. National income has risen, and the prices of high-end brand cars have increased, so consumption has risen. And the bba-back tires are almost monopolized by a brand – a 100-year Italian brand, the only one used in the f1 race.
At the lower end of the market, for example, Mitsubishi, Bozo, China’s tyre brands began to be used alongside lower-priced Chinese brands. Beneath the enemy, Han Tai’s share in the original approximation market did not reign in the same year.
In China, most Chinese households began to consume their first car during the blow-out, and the post-car market still has no idea in China’s head. The new owners have to go to the 4s store to maintain and repair it.
The trend toward maturity is inevitable, with China’s car owners becoming more aware of branding and self-selection in post-market beauty repair and maintenance. With China’s new car sales and holdings still growing significantly, Han Tai is not only a share in China, but also an absolute income that is falling year after year.
After knowing the brand of the tires, some choose to upgrade consumption, some choose to become price believers. The once-along brilliantness has not kept the switch in the replacement market.
The stockholders leaped into the global Top10. Yet this window period caught it, but it turned into a catch, not a constant logic. After the window period, Jinko sank.
The prices of the same products in the Chinese-American tyre market are different, and we look at the prices of the same tyre products in the Chinese-American end-use markets. We pick 14 from small to large.
Specific tyres range from 185/65r14 tyres used in the smallest Mitsubishi macro light to 235/40r18 tyres used in the intermediate Mercedes c, to 305/50r20 large-sized tyres used in re-loading Land Cruisers. The United States market price selects simpletire website data, and the domestic market price selects a network of taxis.
We picked out a brand sample: black -- prices of Han Tai tyres on the American market, gray -- prices of Han Tae tyres on the Chinese market.
The price of the tires in the U.S. market, because the wheel brands are sold mainly in the U.S. and not in the Chinese market, we've chosen the value of the domestica company: the price of the orange a tyre in the U.S. market.
The red-a tyre price in the Chinese market, all the logic that follows in the preceding text, can be verified in this graph, or all the implied information in this diagram can be declassified through the forward logic.
The black and grey price differentials, the orange and red price differentials, all illustrate the same tyre products, which are more expensive on the US market. The US imposes anti-dumping duties on Chinese tyres exported, and has recently begun to impose anti-dumping duties on US tires exported from Thailand and elsewhere.
The market for tyres in the United States is not as competitive as the Chinese market. As a result, whether it is Han Tai or a domestic company, Chinese products are sold at lower prices than in the United States. Even for products of the same kind, Han Tai has the same prices as a company in the United States, and even Han Tai's prices in China are not as high as the wheels in the United States.
The US has a greater demand for large-scale, high-performance tyres. As previously mentioned, 45% of US market revenue came from products above 18 inches, while only 24% of Chinese market revenue comes from products above 18 inches.
Demand, and the U.S. still has a lot of big specifications up there. A comparison of the U.S. best-selling model shows the same problem: the U.S. needs large, high-performance tyres, and the U.S. consumes them more expensive.
Unlike domestic brand levels,a brands are relatively high value-for-money products, and have a place on the market where prices are not good, but they are found to be limited to small specifications. The blue wheels, oranges, and a brand in the United States also have price differentials with black Han Tai, but from small size to large size, the wheels and a brands can be accepted by consumers.
In line with the above logic, the structure of Chinese-American consumers is different. Consumer types in the United States are more stereo, there are a large number of middle-end consumers, there is a need to consume high-priced products, and there is demand at the middle end, as well as demand from owners of cars from micro-to-high-end.
The rise of Chinese tires and the introduction of tire products into the 2c end of consumption is not a traditional case of domestic substitution of imported products. Rather, the product of China’s tires first performed in the consumer markets of the United States.
The market is the world’s largest consumer market for tyres, and there are good products that have a corresponding level of consumer demand in the United States, allowing them to be rewarded for their value. China’s market has great potential, and China’s car holdings are bound to grow, and its post-car market consumption will become more mature, and consumers will be more diversified.
The US market is today’s more important market, and the potential of China’s market is tomorrow. Of course, for China’s tyre industry, it is not just about maintaining its own high-value middle-end product identity, but about competing with American consumers, waiting for China’s counterparts, but about constantly upgrading its own brand of global tyres.
But the question is, how do you climb? The product is the competitive barrier, and the wheel is the hero of the race.
Qualitycontrolforthesavlycustomerwhowantshigh-performancefeturesatan economicprice. — presentation of the wheel brand on the simpletire electric platform in the United States
Make a good tire -- how does race tire company slogan upgrade its brand up? Through marketing secret?
The paradox here is that marketing is never a secret, and if a marketing strategy works, it is about to expire, because it can be replicated and not as a barrier. The logic behind upgrading brands through marketing is two things: 80 cents for my product, 50 bucks for the consumer.
Consumers are wrong, I want to educate consumers; second, I want to give them $100 for my product, and I need to fool consumers into short-term irrationality, but tens of millions of consumers, long-term, will not be blinded or blinded. Business should start by looking at 80 cents for 100 cents.
Can you drive the replacement market through the tyre-backed market? When it comes to this strategy, there is a logic in it, which is that my tyre product is good, but it's not branding, and the consumer is branding, but the car factory is testing the product performance. So I can advance the car factory and use the car to drive the consumer.
Because tyres are not windshields, there are no brand marks on them, and consumers don't ask about glass brands when they buy cars. But they have brand marks, and consumers pay attention to brands when they buy cars.
The rear leg of your own brand, the car factory will require the tyre to be "one-to-one." Does the apparel market play a role in replacing the market? It does not.
But the BMW will not go with the cauldrons, take them to the clubs of Michelin, the mainland, and the endurance. So don’t expect the shortcuts of the matching opportunities at the level of matching, there will be no shortcuts, let’s go back to the product, let’s go to the gold, let’s go to the gold, let’s go to the gold, and let’s go to the gold.
Three levels of upgrading of tyre products The manufacture of tyres is divided into four processes: 1, Combination: Natural rubber, synthetic rubber, assistives, etc., are condensed in proportion to the formula to be used.
2. Pressure procrastination: A tyre is collated by dozens of components, congregated into zero 3 or shapes of various sizes, condensing the condensed glue: the components are combined into fetus, which is highly sophisticated, and its equipment is as sophisticated as those of the numeric machine bed, and sulfurization: it is placed in mills, the steam heats the rubber molecules to connect, increase in strength and become a finished product.
Assuming a zero-base investment in building a tyre factory, the four items above can be purchased, but buying the cookers doesn't mean cooking. The next step is what we call “production techniques”: 1, materials: the formulation of the smelting glue. Not only are the material formulations of the various tyres different.
Different functions, different nature of natural materials, and different parts material formulations.2 Product design: specifications, shape, size and how components of tyres are combined.3 Process control: various parameters required in the process, such as temperature, time and pressure of vulcanization.
China’s tyre industry starts with the purchase of outdated European production lines and technology packages. China’s first problem is not how products are upgraded, but not downgraded. The quality of tyre products is divided into two levels: first, the ability of individual products to grind, rolling resistance, noise, carrying capacity, etc., and second, the stability of bulk products, and, if large, each one.
Poor tyres may mean a car crash, which has a huge negative impact on brands. China’s first concern is not first-level performance enhancement, but second-tier production, which is a difficult process to manage, and a whole series of tyre companies with thousands of different specifications.
Products, with dozens of different components, formulas, process parameters for each specification. As you can imagine, when the Chinese tyre industry began to emerge in more than 600 enterprises, most of the equipment imported could not be guaranteed to remain stable. This is what we call the first fight for non-degradation.
By the end of the day, most companies have been eliminated, and today's top-ranked companies in the country have found a common denominator in the importance they attach to the construction of smart factories, the management and quality control of this heterogeneous tyre business through computerization and automation.
If the product is not downgraded and the product is upgraded, progress will be made in the first two items of production technology. One is material science, one is product design, and product structure design is closely related to processing equipment. In fact, the international leading tyre enterprise has its own equipment and processing methods.
Qingdao University of Science and Technology.
Cheongzhou Institute of Technology, Shenyang Chemical Engineering College, Nanjing Chemical Power Special School, Lien Yun Hari Chemical Mining School, Department of Chemical Industry Emancipation School, known as the Department of Chemical Industry School 8, of which the Qingdao Institute of Chemical Industry, formerly the Shenyang Light Industry Higher Vocational School, founded in 1950, moved to Qing in 1956
On the island, it was renamed the Qingdao Rubber Industry School, and in 2002 it was renamed the Qingdao University of Technology.
Qingdao University of Science Professor Yuan Junyuki led dozens of teachers to start a business in 1999 and created soft-control shares and wheel tires. The wheels make tyres, while the soft-control shares develop and manufacture tyre equipment and materials.
In 2011, the Rubber Industry Association of China, the Qingdao City Government, the Qingdao University of Science and Technology, and the Soft Holdings Quartet built a “rubber valley”, at the core of which the headquarters of the Qingdao University of Science, the Soft Control and the Sailor formed an integrated cycling for the production of rubber industry in China.
The National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering was established by the Soft Holdings and the University of Science and Technology of Qingdao and subsequently established the National Laboratory for the Advanced Equipment and Critical Materials of Tyres and the International Joint Research on Digital Rubber Tire Equipment.
In addition, Yuen Yuen and Soft Holdings co-financed the establishment of the Evidium Rubber Research Institute, a research and development institute directly attached to the National Rubber and Tyre Engineering Research Institute, which is a new research and development organization that combines basic research, applied research, development of key common technologies, and industrial transformation into one, and specializes in the development of new rubber materials.
The Iviian Rubber Institute has a wide range of national and international experts in the top rubber tyre industry. The President of the Iviian Rubber Institute, Wang Meng-ho, has written seven professional books, translated five rubber books, and has more than 20 international patents, 40 United States patents, and 30 Chinese patents. Dr. Wang Mon-hoon is a member of the editorial board of the United States Rubber Chemistry and Process; in 2006 he was honoured by the United States.
The National Society of Chemistry ' s Rubber Branch Melvinmooney Outstanding Science and Technology Award; the Lifetime Honorary Member of the American Society of Chemistry ' s Rubber Branch; and the Overseas Specialist of Tarzan Scholars from Shandong Province, 2012
The rubber tyre product has a “demon triangle law” that increases when the three features of grindability, water resistance, rolling resistance are different. In 2013, the Xavier Rubber Research Institute began a study of the wet-combined glue project to create a subversive innovation in the rubber materials used in tyres, with the intention of upgrading the three properties of tyres simultaneously.
This synthetic glue/white carbon black glue, which is regulated by continuous liquidity, is characterized by simplified, low energy, better dispersion of fillings in rubber and better processing performance compared to traditional rubber; and low interaction between fillings and fillings, which results in lower loss of dynamic resistance to rolling tyres, and low resistance to wet-slamping of tyres due to the high interaction between rubber and fillings.
At the same time, its manufacturing processes are more simplified and its collusive energy can be reduced by more than 20%, and the final performance of the material is significantly higher than that of traditional dry-combined rubber. The eve glue was placed on the cover of Tirechnologyinternational magazine in 2016 and received global industry attention.
Figure 26: Covered article in " Tiretechnologyinternational " , 2016
I'm sorry, sir, of 70, heassemedhislong carreinrubberresearch wasover.
Thatoneofohhisgreathest achievementswasyettocome,andwould spawnawholenewcareeraspresidentofthe
Everubberinstituteinqingdao, China. effortstoproduceanaturalrubber(nr)/carbon black(cb) masterbatchusingliquidphasemixing
"The 1960sand 1970s, emulsionsbr/cbmastersweremercialized.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"ifyouookattheliteratureofrubberreformation, the people workingontheability ofthefilerforrubberreinformationonlyreedon"
And the Morphologyofthefilers, "saeys wang, WHOISALSoknownasmj." Fromthebeginning of the 1980s, Myresearchhadalwaysbeenpolimer--
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I don't know.
In 1998, whilewerkingforcotcorporation Wangcontracted to thedevelopingofthecec process (cabotelastomercomposite).
Many key performance indicators, based on the completed multiple-car tyre evaluation data, exceed their levels.
In addition, the four-season combinations developed with the application of the technology have been excellent, with ice-land performance having reached the highest international level, with more than 40% wearability and a reduction in rolling resistance of more than 30%. In June 2020, 300,000 tons of molten-egel commercialization projects were launched, demonstrating the confidence of Yuan in the final process of research and development.
In addition to being a racer, the director and director of the company, Yuan Yuen, is a Chinese leader in the tyre industry and not in the industry, because his contributions cut across the entire chain of processes, materials, equipment, and tyre products. In addition to serving as a racer, Yuan is also the permanent director of the National Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering Research, and the state engineering firm for advanced tyre equipment and key materials.
In April 2020, a non-public distribution program to introduce Chairman Yuan Junyuki as a strategic investor. Yuan, as a strategic investor, is also known for the synergy that he provides to the company.
Qingdao University of Technology, Soft Holdings, National Research Centre for Rubber and Tyre Engineering, Ivyi Rubber Research Institute, and Wheels have formed a dream team for the Chinese tyre industry. Return to the three levels of tyre product upgrading mentioned earlier in this paragraph, basic process control (intelligent manufacturing), advanced.
Materials science, product structure design, and co-operative tyre production equipment. In the area of smart manufacturing, the Qingdao Joint Soft Holdings, the Qingdao University of Science and Technology, China Telecommunications, the Arida Moor Institute, among others, have jointly built an Internet platform for the rubber industry, the “Ocean Clouds” in smart manufacturing, digital marketing, intelligent supply chains, and collaborative target research and development.
In the main areas of systems, digital operations and so on, complete industrial Internet solutions were achieved, and the tyre industry sap system was built, and the wheels were strategically established with Science and Technology to create the country's first “recording bank for the rubber industry equipment”, gathering the sound of industrial equipment in all its aspects, building healthy sound-printing models, and making smart monitoring of the equipment's health through sound.
In terms of materials, product structure design, there are the aforementioned IYR and “Liquid Gold”.
So all these concerted efforts were made for a simple, ambitious vision -- a good tyre -- and to go back to the topic of consumption preferences. The cent is a price-for-money line in an ideal state, and 80 cents of the product is sold for 80 dollars.
A point is on the price line, but the characteristics of consumer goods are that not all products are on the price line, that actual consumption is better than the curve, and that 100 cents of the product at point b sells $200. So why don't 80 cents sell $160?
In terms of demand and demand, consumers of high-performance products have a strong consumer power, so they will be willing to pay $200 for 100 cents of the product. But, in terms of supply, the supply of 100 cents is scarce, and 80 cents of the product is available.
So, if you really want to raise your product class, prices, and people who are weak, you have to put your energy into it, up to 85 points, 90 points, 95 points of performance, you're going to have to climb on the consumption curve.
Is the tyre a good business, is it a heavy asset industry that limits its own endogenous development capacity? Is there a long-term risk that the emerging trade barriers at the global level will pose to this heavy asset investment plant?
The net asset return on wheel tyres was less than 6% a decade ago, not only increased production and sales, but also, more importantly, increased the value added of the product, which could already exceed 20% by 2020. And, more importantly, look at the ability of a business to roll through and see its profits turn into capital.
After childbirth, new investments can yield returns. The rising rate of return on net assets implies that the return on new investments has consistently exceeded the return on stock assets.
In early 2021, the proposed capital investment of $440 million was expected to generate a net profit of 140 million yuan, with an internal return of 29 per cent on the capital of the project. The return on investment in overseas projects was higher.
The study of the proposed capital investment of RMB 960 million is expected to generate a net profit of RMB 220 million, and of the three-phase plant project in Viet Nam, proposed for the race round at the beginning of 2021, is expected to generate a net profit of RMB 600 million from the proposed capital investment of RMB 1.51 billion, with an internal return on the capital of the project amounting to 44 per cent.
Is it true that the return on investment projected in the researchable reports on these projects has increased over the years? In the research reports on the investment in chemicals, it is common that the expected rate of return has not been realized. The root cause is the production of homogenous products, and there are a number of competing projects in the same period. You can control the construction of your own project, but you can't control the price of the product after delivery.
But tyres are a product-based business. If their own products are upgraded faster than the market average, there is room for control over the price of their own products.
Prior to our observation of the four projects mentioned earlier in the round, the recently established plant was the one or two phase of the Viet Nam project that the round has been building and expanding in Viet Nam since 2013. A total of 1,440 million yuan in capital was invested, 950 million yuan in net profits in 2019, and its net profit increased by 60% in the first half of 2020. The round was upgraded annually through its own products.
International trade barriers in the global tyre industry are indeed long-standing, with all of the world’s leading tyre company plant layouts being fragmented, and the pursuit of low-cost layouts is on the one hand, but more importantly, consumer goods are close to consumer markets.
In the development path of the Chinese tyre industry, if the product upgrade is not achieved, only the manufacturing cost advantage will be highlighted. The tyre business will become a cat and mouse game, and the plant layout may be blocked by new trade barriers policies, causing continuous waste of investment, even if the cost of investment can be recovered in the middle of shifting the plant away from trade barriers, and it will not appear to be a good business in the long run.
But if we capture the profit window period, not simply to transform the profit into expansion, but to transfer the profit effectively through the right R & D to product upgrading, our tires will no longer label the advantage of low-cost manufacturing. Indeed, the labor costs of the regional layout plants in Europe and America will be higher, but they can also be posted when the value added of the product goes beyond the threshold.
It's more important to raise the cost of making tyres if they can get into consumer goods. Race tires are on their way. By February 2021, the company had a total capacity of 43 million pcr/year and a total capacity of tbr/year.
The company’s production capacity is distributed within the country in Qingdao, Dongbang and Shenyang, in front of its foreign counterparts in Viet Nam; within the country, the company’s Qingdao factory has 10 million steel babies per year, 2.7 million steel all year, and 35,000 non-road births;
In Viet Nam, the company owns 13 million steel babies per year, 1.4 million steel items per year and 35 000 non-road items per year; and 2.4 million steel items per year of the Vietnamese practicer project.
In terms of start-up rates, we see one in two dimensions, one from a product perspective and one from a regional perspective. The company’s tyre products are divided into three categories, full steel (tbr), semi-steel (pcr) and non-road (otr), of which the overall rate of start-up is close to 100%, and half-steel starts between 80% and 95%, slightly less.
The whole steel, not the road, has a lower overall start rate than the whole steel and half steel, due to the wide variety of product models and the dispersed demand of downstream customers. In terms of the overall start-up rate of the company, the overall rate remains close to 90%, and the overall rate is very high.
In the three phases of the proposed Viet Nam, the company will further expand its full steel production capacity. From a regional perspective, the overall rate of home-grown work in the company is slightly lower than in the overseas world, especially after Viet Nam's capacity has been invested and gradually released.
In 2019, the rate of start-up of Vietnamese factories was close to 100%, both semi-steed and whole-steed, mainly due to the fact that companies gave priority to orders to produce in Vietnamese factories because of the advantages of trade barriers, which made them significantly more profitable than in the country.The expansion of the company’s production capacity in Viet Nam was therefore particularly critical to the growth rate of the company since 2019.
The company ' s Vietnamese production capacity continued to increase and, in addition to the joint venture with selenium construction in Viet Nam, the company recently announced a three-phase construction plan for the construction of full-scale steel, semi-steel and non-road tires in Viet Nam, while the company upgraded the production capacity of the former plant through technological improvements and increased the production capacity of the company ' s second-phase steel production capacity from 10 million/year to 13 million/year, as originally planned.
The total steel production capacity has also increased from 1.2 million units per year as originally planned to 1.4 million units per year. From the point of view of the company's new production capacity and its new production, we believe that the company's future production is mainly due to the gradual production of new projects over the last two years and to the future addition of new capacity, with the company having completed 2.4 million units of the Vietnamese practicer project by the end of 2019.
In April of 2020, 3.3 million Shenyang II/year of steel were completed, while in 2021 the company began investing in three volumes of 3 and a half steel, 1 million steel and 50,000 non-road tires in Viet Nam, and in 2021 the company also began investing in 6 and a half steel and 1.2 million steel all-power conversion projects in the mills, adding an additional domestic energy base.
In December 2018, the company announced a joint venture with the United States of America to build 2.4 million full steel meridian tyres. On April 5, 2019, the company financed a $91 million joint venture to set up the company ' s "actrcompanymitted " , November 2019.
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the company's critical equipment was moved by technicians, and thousands of steel tires per year, calculated at 100 per cent start-up rate, contributed only about 600,000 units, while in 2021, the project contributed 2.4 million units, increasing about 1.8 million units. We expect that in 2022, the Vietnamese project, the Viet Nam practicer
From a product point of view, the company Viet Namactr project is all full steel, and as both the United States and Europe tax China's whole steel tires on anti-dumping and countervailing duties, the company's whole Vietnamese practicer project will be oriented toward the United States and European markets. In terms of revenue and profit contributions, we expect the company to contribute 2.4 billion yuan in 2021 and 2022, in order to generate the total amount of money that we're looking at.
The net interest rate for the company’s factory in Viet Nam is estimated at 28 per cent, with a projected contribution of 700 million yuan in net profits, based on 65 per cent equity, with a net return of 440 million yuan in net profits, an increase of about 300 million yuan in net profits over 2020.
On February 28, 2020, the company issued an announcement that it was planning to invest in a 3 million-year high-performance smart steel-carryed meridian tires project, with a total investment of $2 billion, starting in February 2020, for a 24-month construction period. Against the backdrop of the severe impact of the epidemic on the global economy, the ring group remained determined.
The construction of the Shenyang plant was advanced, and on 18 November 2020 it became operational in just over 230 days, with another update of the “round speed.” In terms of the start of the company's first phase, we expect the company to have a productive capacity utilization rate after the equipment has been formally tested successfully and stable.
And it's going to be 100%. The company's activer project is going to take about three quarters of the epidemic, while the Shenyang plant, on the one hand, is relatively well under control, and the Shenyang plant, on the other hand, is easier to manage in the country.
From a product point of view, the company’s whole steel product is oriented towards further expanding the demand for whole steel products in domestic and foreign markets, while it is directed towards non-European and North American overseas markets, mainly in South America, Asia, and Africa. The overseas share is expected to be 30%. From a profit point of view, the company’s 1.9 million first-year full steel contribution is $210 million, and we expect 3.3 million.
In 2021, Shenyang II contributed $150 million and in 2022, Shenyang II contributed $300 million.
On 9 January 2021, the company announced its foreign investment announcement that it was planning to invest 3 billion yuan in three projects in Viet Nam, comprising half a million steel tires per year, 1 million steel tires per year, and 50,000 tons of non-road tires per year. According to the company ' s researchable report, Viet Nam ' s three-term product is expected to yield revenue of 2.8 billion yuan and net profit of 600 million yuan in 2022
On February 2, 2021, the company announced its foreign investment announcement. In 2020, the company was involved in the Sandton-Antxle Tyre Restricted Company.
In January 2021, the court decided to approve the draft plan for the reorganization of the Anse tyres, and the company paid $200 million to acquire the same qualifications for all the assets of the Anse tyres and for the manufacture of the tires. The company intends to invest in the implementation of the performance midday tyre technical upgrading project. The total investment in the project was $720 million, and the technology upgrading project was built.
Once completed, the company will have the capacity to produce 1.2 million high-performance, full-scale steel-carryed meridian tyres and 6 million high-performance meridian tyres. The project is expected to last eight months, and we expect the company to complete construction in the fourth quarter of 2021, 2022.
In terms of products, the project ' s tyre market is dominated by domestic appliance, replacement markets and international customers, with a rational adjustment of product upgrades and market layouts, taking into account the advantages of the wheel groups, depending on the state of the existing equipment and modules; in terms of profitability, the full production of the project is expected to yield an income of 1.96 billion yuan, with a net profit of 140 million yuan.
The output of inputs from the PTA project is higher than that of the same type of tyre production in the country and is also due to the competitive advantage of the race wheels described earlier, which led to the bidding of bids as investors in reorganization - i.e., the technological, equipment, product synergies of the race wheels, with the professional capacity to re-engineer a poor tyre asset.
On December 31, 2020, Beijing time, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the United States International Trade Commission published the preliminary results of anti-dumping investigations into vehicle and light truck tyres in Korea, Thailand, Viet Nam, and Taiwan. According to the U.S. Department of Commerce preliminary judgement, the race rounds over the road.
South AD rate is 0%, combined with the previously awarded countervailing rate of 6.23%. This time, the U.S. counter-invested half-stealts in South-East Asia, with a total increase of 6.23% in the round, the lowest of the total number of firms in the region under investigation. In terms of the same enterprises in Viet Nam, the race rounds have the lowest countervailing duties in Viet Nam; and, compared to Thailand, Taiwan, China, and South Korea, the anti-subsidization rate in Thailand.
The overall sales rate was 16.66 per cent, more than 10 percentage points higher than the round, while the total anti-dumping duty rate for Taiwan was more than 50 per cent, or almost 100 per cent, and from the results of this initial adjustment, we believe that, on the one hand, Viet Nam and Thailand in South-East Asia are still in place compared to the domestic level.
Since 2009, the United States has launched a special insurance scheme for Chinese tyres, a double counter-survey in 2015 and a further 25% increase in US tariffs on Chinese tyres since 2018, causing trade barriers to export Chinese tyres to the United States. Since the end of 2018, Europe has also imposed double tariffs on Chinese truck tyres.
The United States, for its counter-investigation in South-East Asia, as a whole, is far below the tax rate on tyres in China, with the exception of the high double-tax rate imposed on Taiwan. Currently, companies have built one and two periods in Viet Nam (1.4 million full steel tires per year, 13 million steel tires per year and 3.5 per cent per year).
Ten thousand tonnes/year of non-road tires) and the joint construction of the "actr " project with the United States of America (2.4 million full steel tires/year of steel), in November 2019, when the "actr project " became operational, the production capacity of the project increased steadily in 2020 and further in Viet Nam with the company ' s proposed construction of three new phases of Viet Nam.
With the exception of the United States market, Viet Nam has a significant advantage since the fall of this double-opposition survey, and from the European market perspective, a vote in favour, 192 against and 40 abstentions led to the adoption of the Viet Nam-EU Free Trade Agreement (evfta); and the adoption of the Investment Protection Agreement (evipa) with 407 votes in favour, 188 against and 53 abstentions.
According to press reports, the Viet Nam-EU Free Trade Agreement entered into force on 1 August 2020. Viet Nam became the first emerging market country of Asia-Pacific countries to have a free trade relationship with the European Union, and the second ASEAN country to have a free trade relationship with the European Union after Singapore. After 1 August, Viet Nam exported 71% of its products to the European Union.
Approximately 99% of the tariffs in bilateral trade in goods will be gradually reduced until they are eliminated. With the agreement coming into force, the company’s full-scale steel production in Viet Nam will also have a significant advantage over other regions’ production capacity.
1. Premise of start-up rate: We believe that the company ' s rate of start-up at the whole steel factory will continue to be high, with the company ' s rate of start-up at Shenyang II reaching 95 per cent in 2021; in 2022, the company ' s rate of start-up at three stages of production capacity in Viet Nam was 50 per cent for all steel and half steel, while the price of non-road tires was 2, and the price of tyres: 2021-2022, we believe that the price of natural rubber will remain relatively low.
The price of goods will increase slightly in the part to be exported to the United States, while the price of other products will remain stable. We expect that in 2020, the company will add 300 million yuan in net profits from the second phase of Viet Nam’s expansion + the start-up rate + the increase in the Maori rate, and Viet Nam’s actingr will contribute 150 million yuan in net profits, with new profits coming mainly from Viet Nam’s practicer (300 million dollars), Shen in 2021.
In yang II ($150 million); in 2022, new profits were mainly derived from Shenyang II ($150 million), the mill ($70 million), and the current valuation level of the wheel tyres was still underestimated as part of the Chemical Unit and did not reflect the high and sustained growth in the corresponding valuation level, nor did it reflect the scope for raising the valuation level of the future value of products as consumer goods.
In selecting comparable companies, we do not choose a share of the tyre plate because the current trend in China ' s tyre industry is one of fragmentation and non-comparability; nor do we choose the international company of old tyres, which is facing the challenge of maintaining its niche market with a new China leader, with no significant increase in income in the last decade and therefore not comparable.
The product of the wheel tyres is consumer goods, entering the 2c end of consumption, and is profitable and growing consistently in high performance. We have chosen white horses, which are recognized by the market as consumer properties, as comparable companies: 1, Linglong tires: white horses, which are generally recognized in markets close to the size of their business.
Two. Faint Glass: China’s pride in making the same car parts. But the tires are much more developed than the car’s glass. They are clearly branded as consumer goods that can be consumed independently, except for the car’s own brand.
4 America’s Group, Hall House: China’s Power Dragon, the famous brand of the world’s domestic electricity. Large amounts of revenue, market share and market value, and the future of China’s tires. 5 – Homesteads, Monique: Sofas and mattresses are consumer goods, and the head of the Chinese household.
6. Taste foods: The food in food and food is undoubtedly consumer goods, compared to tyres, and the country will more agree that ducks are consumer goods than tires. This is true, as stated earlier, that China has not yet reached the stage of a mature market for tyre consumption in comparison with the US and China.
In the above-mentioned consumer-goods business, the net asset rate of return for race tires is above average and is a good business. In contrast to the growth of performance over the past three years, the performance of race tires has grown faster and more stable than the consumption whites well known in these markets.
The company’s valuation, the most critical indicator of concern, is growth and future space. A year-by-year growth in performance reduces the pe valuation and makes it attractive again, so high growth can give a high valuation level.
In the home power industry, China’s leader is already the world’s leader. The current global market share of wheel tyres can be seen in the next 5 to 10 years.
Risks of large short-term fluctuations in natural rubber prices, risk of declining demand for travel due to the global epidemic
The Centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, does not have, does not have, does not have, and will not have direct or indirect relevance to, the specific analysis or observations in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.