"The King's Return" for pig-breeding, chicken-scene resonance period, 16/08/2022 \triangleright
A total of 1,110 million chickens, of which 29,499, 30.33 billion yuan were collected, accounting for 45.4 per cent of the total, 46.7 per cent of the total, and a combined 92.1 per cent of the two operations. The “+farmers” model of cooperation is diverse and industrial farming is in line with the long-term trends in the industry.
\triangleright village has seen an increase in the labour absorption effect, and high-quality farm household resources are becoming scarce; in the wake of the outbreak of the African pigpest, this traditional form of decentralized farming imposes greater demands on the regulation of farm-farming practices.
At an intergenerational pace, the proactive industrialization of the farming model has been upgraded from a “company + farm” to a “company + family farm” model, which continues to be upgraded to a “company + modern farm area + farm house” model, contributing to higher levels of industrialization, intelligence and automation, and to the relative concentration of farmers, which is conducive to efficient company management.
Multiple initiatives have reduced efficiency gains in parallel and cost improvements remain in space. In 2022, q1 fully cost $16- \triangleright 17 kg, combined cost (including other gains and losses such as the elimination of pigs) of less than $18 kg.
By the end of June 2022, the number of live pigs will reach 18 million and 28 million. In our view, the company has not yet fully recovered to pre-epidemiological levels in terms of three key indicators that affect the cost of farming, namely, the number of healthy people living in homes, the ratio of meat to meat to meat, and the listing of meat pigs.
This means that there is room for cost improvement that is still multi-dimensional. The yellow chicken breeder has a steady increase in production capacity. The company is the leader of the country’s yellow feather grower, 2011-2021 \triangleright.
During the year, company chicken sales increased from 780 million to 1,110 million (including 178 million white feather chickens), cagr to 3.6 per cent, chicken operations increased from $16.4 billion to $30.3 billion, cagr to 6.3 per cent, and in 2021, there were 4,042 million yellow feather chickens in the country, with 26.9 per cent in the company market.
The company’s chicken business is expected to increase by about 5% per year over the next few years. Of this, the size of the chicken sector is stable, and future growth will be dominated by increased production of a range suitable for slaughter.
\trianglerights, 4.3% lower than in the same period of history. Not expected due to higher raw materials prices, limited marginal gains in industry, and still tight supply overall, with a high overlap between yellow chicken and pig consumption.
The price of chickens may still be high. The current trend of inverse cycles has been initiated by both pig-born and yellow chickens, and the company is expected to benefit fully in the future from the higher-priced dividends of moving on the animal landscape. \triangleright
The model’s committed promoters and industry leaders, and the future cost of pig farming has a multidimensional scope for decline, which is expected to expand further and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Large-scale agro-pastoral grouping, which has developed at the global level, is located in Yunfu City, Guangdong Province, formerly known as the Littang Livestock Associates, and was transformed into Wen-chung Guangdong in 2012.
Food Group, Inc., was listed on the business board in late 2015. Since its creation, 39 years ago, the company’s industrial chain has been expanding and improving. It has now grown into a modern, cross-regional agricultural enterprise, supported by pork, chicken, duck, cow farming, and related operations such as camp food processing, agricultural machinery, etc.
The founder, Mr. Wenbei-Hing, was ambitious, and the key to solid enterprise development was to create value together. Early in 1993, the company introduced a system of joint stock-holding cooperation in which shareholders shared the benefits of the company on the basis of fair remuneration for their work, with maximum limits.
Since then, the idea of co-generation has been at the heart of the company’s design of organizational models, management models, production models, distribution mechanisms. By the quarter of q1, the top 10 shareholders in the company held 26.16% of the shares, and members of the Winch family were members of the Wen-chung family.
In more than three decades, the company has developed a system that includes production management, nutritional formulations, disease prevention and control, information technology, and human capacity-building.
In August 2020, the company restructured its organizational structure to dismantle the original pig industry.
In October 2021, in order to promote the development of pigs and veterinary medicine, the company abolished the Ministry of Pig Farming and the Department of Farming in Dahua. The management functions were carried out by the Chinese core farming industry and the Luanghua farmers.
In December of the same year, the company completed a new election for a board of directors and supervisors, with the vice president running in parallel with the previous 12 members of the 1.2-duration industry, with a steady increase in revenue collection.
The Māori farm rate is 9.0 per cent, an increase of 8.6 pct over the same year, due to an upturn in the yellow feather chicken landscape. 1.3 The active open source rate, which is higher than the industry average, maintains the normal pace of production operations for remunerative projects, ongoing projects, etc.
The company ' s existing stock is well-funded, close to $8 billion, and has a rich financing base, including bank loans and billions of readily available financial investment projects; in addition to pig farming, the company maintains a number of complementary and related operations, such as chicken-raising, duck-raising and investment, insurance, dairy industry, agricultural machinery, etc.
At the end of the year, the corporate asset-liability ratio was about 64%, at a moderate level in the industry, and most of the company’s liabilities were medium- and long-term, with less short-term debt-servicing pressure. Through a range of measures, the firm’s financial strength was effectively preserved, the bottom line and confidence in dealing with the industry’s low-end period was enhanced, providing strong leverage for the orderly conduct of normal productive activities.
The re-entry of the 2-born pig farmers and the upgrading of the “+farmer” model 2.1 is a firm promoter of the “company + farm” model and a leader in the industry.
The professional division of labour complements the strengths of the group and the farm: the company is responsible for the scalding strategy of the farm, the farmer is responsible for the finer operation of the farm and the stability of the cooperation is ensured through the price protection system and the risk control system.
Poultry, self-built pigs/roothouses, equipment and standardized farming as required by the company; the company provides feed, vaccines, veterinary medicine and free technical guidance for the entire farm, without the need for farm advances. The farmer eventually delivers to the company the standard weight of raw pigs, chickens, and ducks, and the company inspects the relevant quality and weight indicators for the delivery of the finished product.
After measuring and recording the funds of farmers, the balance of the settlement is transferred into their accounts. The advantage of this model is that fixed-asset investments are relatively small, and even during periods of low prices for pigs, firms can maintain a faster rate of expansion.
18.9 per cent, the largest domestic farmer at the time, and the regional distribution of cooperative farmers, which is consistent with the strategic distribution of corporate farming, is largely dominated by the southern distribution area, where the South-South region, which is the home base, experienced a slight decline, with 42 per cent of total households in 2021, compared to 42 per cent in 2021.
4 pc in 2019; the south-west region expanded more significantly, accounting for 17 per cent in 2021, compared with 2019, when companies broke up their cooperative relationship with some farmers due to environmental and local land policy factors; and some cooperative farming was smaller, either withdrawn or merged, and the number of cooperative farmers fell to a low level.
48,000 households continued to fall slightly to 45.4 million in 2021. In terms of average family farming, for example, in 2009 the number of farm households was only over 200, reaching 1109 in 2018; in 2020, the impact of the non-pest disease dropped to 502 and in 2021 it was accompanied by a return to productive capacity to 728.
The unit price of seeds, feed, veterinary medicines, etc. for cooperative farmers and the market price of livestock products have been agreed in the commissioning contract, so that the farm remuneration is neither directly related to the price of the production materials nor to the market price of the livestock.
If the production performance indicator is better than the standard indicator, it is better paid for commissioning; if the standard indicator is lower, it is lower. Co-operative farmers are more efficient than their own owners.
The upgrading has led to an increase in the absolute income of cooperative farmers, which has greatly increased the motivation and ownership of cooperative farmers. In 2021, the average annual income of corporate farmers reached RMB 143,000, while China's farmers earned only 50,000 “plus farmers” in various forms of cooperation over the same period, and industrial farming was in line with the long-term trends in the industry.
The increase in labour absorption effects, the scarcity of high-quality farm resources, and the transition to industrialization have been a major industrial trend; at the same time, we must see that, following the outbreak of the African pigpest, this traditional decentralized farming imposes greater demands on the regulation of individual farming practices.
At the local level, the upgrading from “company + farm” to “company + family farm” has continued and is continuing to be carried out in the “corporate + current-generation small-scale farming + farm-house” model.
As of April 2022, the company had about 24 million total fertility (including co-operative farmers, family farms, and small-scale farming) and about 5 million per year effective breeding capacity in small-scale farming areas; the company contributed to this.
By 2024, the company expected to account for about 50 per cent of the capacity of the two models: “Corporate + Farm/Family Farm” and “Corporate + Modern Farming Zones + Farm Households”.
2.2 Farming has been revitalized with rapidly falling costs. 2.2.1 Farming has been revitalized with rapidly declining costs. The cost of farming in companies before the non-pest epidemic was in the vanguard of the industry.
The total cost is around $12/kg, which is nearly 20% lower than the average cost for the industry. In addition to expenditures on feed, medicines, vaccines, etc., it also includes commissioning costs paid to farmers, which generally fluctuates with the prices of pigs.
In order to supplement the production capacity, companies purchased more than 2 million pig seedlings out of high prices, resulting in abnormal fluctuations in farm costs in the quarter of q1 in 2021, which were once as high as $30 per kilogram; the company ' s own supply of pig seedlings was restored in May 2021.
The company suspended the outgrower purchase of pig seedlings, while the commissioning fee was gradually reduced from $240/head to $190/head at the beginning of the year. Until the end of the year, the company was fully out of the field, costing 16-17/kg in January 2022, and the combined cost (including other gains and losses such as the elimination of the hog) was under $18/kg.
The structure of the population, the adaptation of feed formulations, and the improvement of vaccination efficiency. The cost of farming is still in the process of continuous improvement. 2.2.2 The roots of breeding are well established, the sows are self-sufficient, the companies have mature commercial breeding systems and rich seed resources.
The target for species growth is determined by the display of pigs or the selection of distinctive local varieties from the country as genetic material, compared to the level to be achieved by performance indicators such as appearance, fertility, listed weight, feed conversion rates, meat, resistance, etc., and selected by technical means such as genetic assessment, molecular markers, whole genome selection for breeding, performance measurement, etc.
To allow individuals with good performance indicators to be selected for breeding and to develop a stable genetic line of pure seed (the great-grandparent pig) and then to choose, choose, choose and enter the core population of the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grand-grand-old pigs.
Specialized pig-planting departments and three new high-efficiency, lean-skinned pig-planting departments.
In 2019, in the context of the African swine plague, in order to quickly supplement the number of pigs, the company's pig production model was adjusted to a “triple mix” of white 2* [blue 1* big white 1].
Pig production patterns. This hybrid has a better hybrid advantage and ancillary effects, with better reproductive performance, faster seeding and lower cost. Three hybrids, and two-bit combs, are the company’s high-quality core parents, who now represent the company’s parents, who are able to grow their pigs.
By the end of June 2022, the company had a high-quality capacity of nearly 1.2 million pigs, with sufficient reserves to meet the company ' s future production needs.
In response to the constant increase in the price of feed raw materials, the company changed the previous formulation structure, which was dominated by maize, soybean, and fully promoted the replacement of corn and soybean in animal feed.
Forage formulations, which fully safeguard the energy and nutrition that the pig needs to grow and balance production efficiency and economic efficiency. In the fourth quarter of 2021, corn was used less than 10% in the feed formulation of the company ' s pig-breeding business, soybeans were used less than 5%, and energy feedstocks were replaced by wheat, sorghum, rice/rough mixes, etc.
During the past year or two, the company has urged cooperative farmers to complete the upgrading of old pig farms in strict compliance with the requirements of corporate unity and to strengthen control of the epidemic, including implementation.
Accompaniment of six facilities (barry towers, entry disinfectors, effective shielding, mosquito nets, pighouse dressing rooms, video surveillance) and implementation of six major prohibitions (free access by personnel, non-retroactivity of personnel in pig farm living areas, non-retroactivity of shoes, non-introduction of pork and meat products, non-infection of prohibited materials, etc.) have a significant impact in terms of immunization.
Upgraded. The number of meat pigs on the market rose from 85 per cent in the second half of 2021 to about 88 per cent, the rate of birth-survival deaths fell to less than 8 per cent in May 2022, close to non-pest levels; the drop in the rate of birth-survival deaths helped to reduce the cost of piglings, which in March 2022 costed 420-430 yuan per head, compared with 650 yuan per head in the same period in 2021.
In our view, the company has not yet fully recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, which means that there is still room for a multi-dimensional improvement. When the previous company had psy levels of around 20 but up to 24 before the outbreak, the pork meat was about 2.8-2.9.
About 2.4 before the epidemic; about 88 per cent of the meat pigs have been on the market since March, and about 94-95 per cent before the epidemic. Without it, companies can rely on strong breeding advantages to return to the production model of highly active hybrid pigs, which were strictly selected before the plague; and during the fertility phase, companies continue to do fine production management to ensure that large production is stable.
In recent years, companies have developed and strategized, based on national policy orientation and judgment of industry trends.
The company's production of pigs has expanded its industrial chain and smoothed the cycle of pigs. The company has been setting up the production of pigs since 2018, mainly as “self-run, self-development” and, at a special time, as part of the main farming industry. The company's capacity to produce pigs has now been raised to about 3.5 million people.
Into operation. There are four projects that are still in the process of being built (North Pass, Jiangyong, Quixiang, Qingzhou), which are limited to the low-precision of the boar, which slows down the pace of capital investment, reserves sufficient funds, and preserves the strength to deal with the low-prevalence of the industry.
Continued promotion of the layout and development of the pig-breeding processing business.3 Pluralization of operations to break the long-term income ceiling 3.1 yellow chicken-breeding carrier and steady growth in productive capacity
From 2011 to 2021, sales increased from 780 million to 1.11 billion (including 178 million white feather chicken seedlings), to 3.6 per cent in Cagr, to 30.3 billion in the chicken industry, and to 6.3 per cent in 2021, the country ' s yellow feathers.
The number of chickens is 4,042 million, and the company’s share of the market is 26.9 per cent, and the company expects to maintain an annual increase of around 5 per cent in the chicken business over the next few years. Of this, the chicken sector is stable in size, and future growth is mainly due to increased production of suitable slaughter varieties.
The company’s seeding of yellow feather chicken started in 1984, and established a leading and well-structured breeding base for yellow feather chickens, one of the country’s largest producers of high-quality chicken genetic resources. There are now about 50 high-quality chicken pure and chicken varieties (accompanied systems).
Essentially, it covers all the high-quality types of yellow feather chicken species in the country's market; seven of these varieties are supported by the National New Variety of Animals, which has been validated and certified as a new breed of livestock, with 25 million units/years of supply for parents up to 2022.
At the rooster feed conversion rate, companies have developed an automated system of dietary measurement for domestic start-ups, mainly through the combination of individual cages, cycling methods to reduce the meat ratio, with 13 core patrilineal meats down by 0.14 per cent in 2021.
A maximum reduction of 0.24; a combination of the number of days of continuous insemination and the number of eggs produced by the hens has been established, and their short-legged yellow chicken has achieved a seven-day continuous insemination cycle, which not only reduces the number of roosters, lowers the cost of breeding them, but also improves the performance of chicken production, with parents of the native type 2 producing seedlings compared to society.
More than 15 species; in reproductive performance, two stages of selection combined with an individual genetic assessment have been used to improve the number of eggs produced, combined with the dilution of excellent rooster semen and the simultaneous increase in the rate of fertilized eggs and hatching eggs. In 2021, there was an average increase of 8.7 eggs in the number of eligible eggs in the 300-day age of the 12 core mother families, up to a maximum of 8.7.
19.7 There have been significant advances in reproductive performance. The accuracy of breeding values has been enhanced by the application of genome-selection techniques, the cost of farming has been better and competition has been enhanced. There has been a sustained push for the clean-up of seedling diseases and a marked improvement in the quality of chicken seedlings.
The annual listing rate of company chickens was 94.75 per cent, up from an all-time high; optimization of feed formulations against the price of feed raw materials increased the impact of a 0.15 per cent decrease in annual meat ratios compared to the same year, while ensuring normal nutritional needs and weight for chickens.
▪ Drugs and vaccines, feed materials, commissioning costs.
Depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of other yellow-fried chicken productions are shown to be degenerative, and farm profits are expected to remain high.
The supply-side contraction effect began to show up on the yellow chicken price. By the end of July 2022, the yellow chicken commodity price had reached $18.87/kg, an increase of 47.6 per cent over the previous year; the parent chicken stock for the yellow feathers was 22.7 million, a decline of 4.3 per cent over the same period, the lowest in history.
Profit recovery has not been sufficient, and industry sentiment remains low: in July, parents sold 4.83 million chickens, an increase of 4.9 per cent, but a decrease of 10.9 per cent over the same period. We expect a limited marginal increase in production capacity in the second half of 2022, with overall supply remaining tight and a high overlap between yellow chicken and pig consumption.
The future price of chickens is expected to remain high. As the yellow chicken leader, the company is expected to benefit fully from the full incremental yield of the yellow chicken landscape. 3.2 Continue to push for a transformational upgrading, with deep-processed products unique to the region.
In recent years, the market price of poultry products has fluctuated considerably as a result of restrictions on the trade and movement of live poultry in front-line cities, owing to disease control and public health requirements, as well as the reliance on single live poultry distribution channels. In this regard, the Department has continued to promote the upgrading of the poultry industry, the expansion of the poultry slaughter industry and the development of prefabricated vegetable operations, and the production of annual slaughter products.
The sales volume of chicken fresh products was 0.91, 132, 150 million, accounting for 9.8 per cent, 12.6 per cent, 13.5 per cent, respectively, and the initial plan to sell nearly 200 million fresh products in 2022, an increase of more than 30 per cent over the same period. Without this, the company will continue to promote the layout and development of the meat slaughtering and processing business, which will be structured around the product structure: "3:3:3:2
5:2 "Current, fresh, sophisticated long-term development strategy, with 700 million slaughter and 700 million butchery and hybrid varieties to meet industrial development and consumption transition needs. Prefabricated and debauchery operations: company prefabricated products are divided into two main types of cooked and prefabricated vegetables.
Classes. Cooked dishes include cooked chicken products such as white-cut chicken, salted chickens and salami chickens, bone chickens; prefabricated dishes include peppers, chicken soup from a pig's belly, chicken from a soul roast, garlic chops and halogen eggs. By 2021, the company had built three production bases in China, South China, East China, and China, producing about 40,000 tons of cooking products per year. In 2021, the company sold prefabricated vegetables.
The company has continued to expand its distribution channels for fresh and cooked poultry products, mainly through wholesale channels, to customers at the end of b, such as wholesalers and agents, and mainly to institutional groups, large-scale customers in factories, schools and wholesale markets.
Households; second, catering chain clients, such as chickens, real kung fu, etc.; third, self-built community terminals in central cities, marketing shops for social and neighbouring wholesale markets; fourth, community retail group purchases, etc.; and fifth, supply of Hong Kong and Australasia, 3.3 horizontal cabbage ducks and dairy industries, with diversified development breaking development bottlenecks
Dairy products: Founded in 2000 as a subsidiary of Wen's share in the dairy business. The company had 26.2 million cows in late 2021 and currently has six large ranches in Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan and Jiangxi, which supply Hong Kong's original milk market for 18 years. 13.32 million tons of raw milk were produced in 2021, a year-on-year increase.
18 per cent, with gross sales revenue of $1,062 million, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period, the cow-breeding layout has been expanded to Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan and Jiangxi, and the size of the business and the size of the cow-store has been increased to new steps.
The same growth of 313.3 per cent was due to the company's full slaughtering and processing role to respond to the industry's depression, to increase the overall benefits of slaughter sales, to ease the pressure on duck sales, and to develop deep-processed products such as “silver ducks”, to enrich product patterns and widen distribution channels.
Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 4.1 Profit forecasting assumptions and business segmentation Companies achieve a professional division of labour and excellence between groups and farm families through the “+farmer (or family farm)” model
In a complementary fashion, the new breeding capacity in the future will focus on “Corporates + Modern Farming + Farmers” with proper feed formulations and improved vaccination efficiency, and we assume that the company’s farm costs will continue to improve. The company’s current prices hold about 50 high-quality chicken pure and chicken varieties (accompanied systems), covering basically the country’s market.
With 25 million units/year of high-quality types of yellow feather chicken, parents' surrogate supply capacity, the company is expected to maintain a 5 per cent annual increase in the chicken business over the next few years, while continuing to improve the quality of chicken seedlings and maintain a high level of stable production, and we assume that the company will further decrease its production.
In terms of overall costs, the scale of operations is increasing as companies actively pursue a diversified model of cooperative farming, and the construction of distribution channels and expansion of sales staff will result in higher costs for the company as a whole.
The company, as the leader of the farm, in parallel to the two-dominant industry, which covers both pig and chicken farming, has chosen the head business shares of the pig-breeding industry, the new hopes and the shoals, for example, 37 times the average in 2022, taking into account the rapid growth in the number of pig-breeding companies.
In the case of animal diseases, winter is a high-prevalence season for animal respiratory diseases.
African pigpest is still likely to be repeated in low-temperature environments, and if the disease breaks out, it will cause loss of productive capacity, increase the cost of breeding, and impact on the company’s performance. 2) Prices of raw materials are at risk. Prices of staple foods such as maize, wheat, rice, etc. are subject to bad weather.
The fall in supply will result in a substantial increase in raw material prices, higher operating costs for companies, and lower performance. 3) Pig prices are falling short of expectations.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.