On April 26, 2023, Chengdu Bank released its 2022 and 23q1 accounts.
The net interest income of 23q1 benefits from the expansion in the size of the credit, compared to 11.6 per cent for the battalion.
The growth is making a better contribution. While the rate of increase in the net profit of 23q1 was slower than in the late 22 years, it was supported by a sustained improvement in the quality of the assets, a credit loss of 14.4 per cent compared to 23q1 and a sustained positive performance of the net profit of the mother.
The size of the loan has increased, and it has successfully opened its doors. In terms of size, the asset end, 23q1 total assets, loans \triangleright surplus
Research assistant in Bowen, who benefits early”, which provides a good basis for a high increase in open-door credit and interest income throughout the year; structured or benefited from its excellent political and financial capacity, multi-year deep-farming regional economy, 23q1 public loans (including discounts) increment
The Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) 2022 performance flashpoint “foreclosure tide” has had an impact; financial funds are managed or converted mainly into term deposits, with 22q4, 23q1 single seasons of personal fixation being reduced; and the heavy pricing of 23q1 loans has put some downward pressure on net interest differentials, but as the economy continues to recover.
3. The Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) reported a fast-track performance of 22q3 Sioux, with a reduced interest rate expected and a positive net interest spread. 4. Chengdu Bank (601838.sh) reported in mid-2022:
The 23q1 provision covers 481%, compared to late 22 years and 20 pct, but is still at a higher level than their counterparts, with high security margins and a solid foundation for sustained release of performance. 2-year quarterly reports on the extreme of "high expansion + low" .
Investment recommendations: open-door loan booms and asset quality continues to improve. Performance continues to be released in a context where asset quality continues to improve; open-door credit increases, resulting in a net interest charge \triangleright
Figure 2: Chengdu bank net interest income as at 23q1, growth in median and year-on-year ratios (cumulative) Figure 3: Chengdu bank increase in other non-interest-on-year ratios as at 23q1 (cumulative) Figure 5: Chengdu bank net interest difference as at 2022 and split at two ends (disclosure value)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.