\triangleright has performed well and has expanded at a high rate. In 2022, corporate revenue grew by 13.14% on a year-on-year basis, with a net return on the same basis.
The performance of the Wang Qing Dynasty has improved, mainly as a result of the provision of anti-breeding and the rapid expansion of scale (total assets, total loans over the past two years)
In the case of listed banks, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets fell by 6 bp (loan fell by 9 bp), reflecting an increase of 4 bp, and the deposit rate fell by 5.50 pct. Looking ahead, we believe that the downward pressure on interest differentials has not been completely lifted, but that it is expected to ease as the economy recovers and consumption warms.
\triangleright has been at its lowest level since 2014, with a decline in the focus ratio of 5 bp to 0.41 per cent and the pressure generated by hidden non-performing loans.
Upgraded from 5 bp to 0.58 per cent with the impact of card overdrafts is at a low level, and \triangleright expects to replenish capital through a combination of endogenous performance release and external sources.
Prospectives for profitability: Chengdu Bank actively seizes important regional development opportunities by upgrading the “three moats” based on the performance of the treasury, the real business and the savings contribution, continuing to deepen the three major transformations of “fine, digital, large retailing”, building on the new dynamic of development, good business development, high performance release capacity and capital supplementation needs.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 6: Negative rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Growth in scale and rate of increase
He was a former Deputy Director-General of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry and a former Director-General of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department. He joined the Sino-Kindu Securities and Development Centre in November 2019. Liao Yijuan, Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts from Zhejiang University.
In November 2022, you joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for banking research.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.