In the first three quarters, the cumulative increase in sales was more than 60 per cent of the year's expected growth in performance.
The closing rhythm has affected the decline in performance in the first three quarters. The impact of the uneven distribution of the company ' s operating income during the first three quarters of the year and of the different types of project products carried forward has been on the same basis as the net profits of the company ' s operating income and shareholders belonging to listed companies during the reporting period.
The increase in carry-over is expected to result from net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, on a year-round basis, in the realization of the company’s forecast to be profitable on the market, i.e., no less than $10.3 billion. The cumulative increase in sales in the first three quarters was more than 65% in the leading industry.
The market area was 574.1 million square metres, an increase of 41.72 per cent over the same period; sales of RMB 94.53 continued to grow satisfactorily in the leading industry. The company’s accounts were pre-collected at the end of the period, amounting to 810.4 per cent.
In the first three quarters of the year, 25 plots of land continued to be acquired in priority cities such as the north and the south, bringing the total to 3.37 million square metres. The layout is concentrated in the first and second tiers of the city’s ideal cities, which will guarantee the company’s continued development of the desired profits.
The pre-sea development acceleration company’s leading role in the development was highlighted. In June 16, an agreement was signed with the former maritime authority to establish a joint venture at a 50:50 equity ratio to develop and build 2.9 square kilometres of land in the former Gulf logistics park of the former group of commercial bureaux for the development and operation of commercial firms.
The agreement identifies the dominant role of listed companies in the development of the former sea snake trade zone, which will provide a strong impetus for the rapid development of listed companies in the former sea real estate sector. At the same time, the development of the snake trade zone and the Great Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong has accelerated.
The company’s sales grew more rapidly in the first three quarters of the year, satisfactorily, and the settlement performance was guaranteed throughout the year. The restructuring was consolidated to achieve the overall listing of the comptoirs and municipal building blocks of the comptoirs, more corporate business, coordinated development of the group and intra-company resources, competitive advantages.
This is even more significant. The company has a high value of land reserves in the Viper Zone and Hong Kong Australasia, where the “market index” of the rating system is referred to by 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.