The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: three quarterly reports issued by the company and 26.486 billion (-27.89 per cent) of operating income achieved in the first three quarters of 2017.
A slight decline in performance in the first half of the year, influenced by the volume and structure of real estate settlements: corporate operating income and net return profits decreased on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2017, mainly due to uneven distribution over the year of real estate projects and different types of products carried over.
The net profits of the shareholders of the listed company, net of non-recurring gains and losses, would achieve the company ' s forecast of profits on the market, i.e., $10.3 billion. Moreover, the rate of gross margins for the company ' s cruise operation and park development plate has declined, mainly because of the failure to exchange short-term performance for the disposal of fragmented property, which is a reflection of the company ' s profit on the campus.
The year 2017 was the last year of a commitment to integrate business with real-estate performance, and we believe that there is no uncertainty about meeting the commitments. Marketing flexibility is evident, and it is significantly stronger than industry performance: in January-September 2017, companies cumulatively achieved the contract sales.
Against a background of tight lending, the company’s advantages as a conglomerate and brand company have come to the fore that sales can be released as scheduled after the value of the stocking, and we expect that there will also be a cross-cutting increase in sales next year through the consolidation of resources and acquisitions, and that later performance growth is expected to be significantly higher than expected.
Land reserves are rich and cover the whole country: by the end of the third quarter, the company had accumulated 5.7445 million plots, a total of 2.5773 million plots in the previous three quarters, a total of 5.53 million plots, a total land value of $63.171 billion, an average floor cost of $114.81 per square metre, a high-quality low-cost land and a wealth of land reserves.
The Bureau’s second-line city, which is gradually moving to the third-line and coastal cities, is also a nuclear benefit for the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong, which will be connected in the future with the completion of orbital traffic, offering new opportunities and challenges for future cooperation in Pearl Harbor and providing additional possibilities for the development of the company.
In the next three years, the net return profits will maintain a compound growth rate of 18 per cent, which will be estimated to be 15 times higher for the company in 2017. (001979): Sales elasticity emerges, across the assumption of 1: the company as the first practicer and success model of China's real estate “city operations”, “sustainable development”,
(b) Assumption 2: company deep-farming area development and operation, with a focus on spatial planning, while company land reserves in the former sea, snake mouths, Prince Bay, etc., are a core revenue area in the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong and are projected to be a park development and operation operation operation in 2017-2019
On the basis of the assumption that the company has become the largest operator of the cruise port and is developing well. The income from the construction and operation of the cruise ship industry is expected to increase steadily and the Maori rate is expected to remain essentially unchanged for the period 2017-2019.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.