The event company Jiangsu (600919.sh) issued its 2022 performance report.
The two-digit growth in revenue, the net profit performance continued to run in 2022, and the company managed to make a run for business.
Continuing to benefit from the impact of robust growth in business income and a lessening of the pressure on impairments. Strong lending growth, optimization of asset structure until late 2022, impact of multiple factors such as corporate asset aggregates, retail business transformation and opening of doors at the beginning of the year, in-house operations
There is still room for better growth. At the same time, debt-end deposits are growing well, the quality of assets continues to improve, and the provision coverage has increased further up to the end of 2022, and the public has been declining year by year, at the highest level in the industry. Moreover, the provision coverage has increased even further.
On November 18, 2022, Ning Xiao gained 76,600,000 shares in Jiangsu Bank, representing 0.52% of the total stock. After this increase, Ning Quan and his co-activists together held 1,037,957,379 shares in Jiangsu Bank.
7.03%. On 3 January 2023, Jiangsu Bank ' s Application for Limited Responsibility for Investment Management in Jiangsu Province, where the company and its associates are to hold more than 10% of the shares, was approved.
Investment suggests that the company is deeply engaged in the developed regions of the Jiangsu economy, and that the financial resources and development prospects are vast, small, and manufacturing services are highly competitive, with many business indicators in the top of the list. Credit investment is steadily increasing, and the growth of public loans and deposits is strong.
Intra-market share leads; retail business is changing steadily, wealth management is developing well, and there is room for increased profitability. The quality of assets continues to improve, giving rise to higher valuation opportunities. Combining company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we give a “recommended” rating, 2023-2024.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.