▪ High and sustained profitability, with short-term pressure on revenue; Jiangsu Bank issued a fast-track report on performance for 2022 on 1 February, with an increase of 10.66 per cent in revenue on the same year and a 29.45 per cent increase in net profit on the same year.
By the end of 2022, the company ' s net profit accumulated at a rate of more than 25% for seven consecutive quarters, highlighting its ability to travel through the cycle and maintain a steady and sustainable profitability. After a significant improvement in asset quality in 2021, the historical burden was largely out.
Qing, where profits can be released, is stronger: regional endowments are more secure, sound, and bargaining power is strong. Jiangsu Bank’s competitive advantage lies in regional resource endowments with indigenous customer sticky, loan rules.
Compared with the trend of 300 deep companies, the decline in demand for finance, the external environment of interest differentials, and the steady growth of yoy+14.57% in Jiangsu bank lending have continued.
Quality, retail end advantage and power point in consumer finance, and future recovery in consumption is expected to lead to a rapid upturn in retail lending. (2) Pricing: taking advantage of local corporate territoriality, focusing on small, retail, etc., high-yielding groups, recipients, bargaining power, and high customer stickyness.
Loans are priced by autonomous R & D models, interest rate system approvals, interest rate-based loan line products that are less affected by changes in interest rates. The asset end-of-end rate of return is stable and the expected interest differentials remain resilient.
The Jiangsu Bank ' s short sheet is mainly at the end of the liability and asset quality, but there was a marked improvement in 2022. (1) At the end of the liability: Jiangsu Bank has a higher cost of the liability among its counterparts in the Jiang Zhen region, mainly because of the small proportion of deposits to interest-bearing liabilities, and the ratio of current deposits in the deposit structure compared with that of its counterparts.
Small. The 2022q4 industry generally lowers the interest rate on deposit and eases the pressure of falling interest differentials. Perhaps there is more room for future asset expansion. (2) Asset quality: bad companies and flat-rate absolute values are weaker than their counterparts in the first echelon of the Gangsi region, but by marginal changes, the year 2022 improved seasonally.
The share of manufacturing, green environment, science, technology, and innovation has risen, and lending in high-performing industries has declined, and the quality of future assets is expected to improve further.
The region’s leading comptoirs have a “beautiful and dynamic” financial boom, with strong inter-operability. The reasons for their performance are not just in the region, but more in the way of their performance, which continues to increase over the cycle.
In 2022, the asset structure continued to improve, the number of intellectuals should be eliminated, business confidence improved, and the external environment increased by the combination of reserves for public projects, investment, and pre-positioned advantages.
The restructuring of the debt market may continue to constrain the growth of non-interest-bearing income, and the management of the business has contributed more to the Jiangsu Bank, which is expected to achieve a similar rate of growth for the 2023q1 battalion and to maintain a stable profit. According to our 2022 performance, we have quickly adjusted our profit forecast.
In the period 2022-2024, Jiangsu Bank is expected to increase its net return profit by the same year, to be competitive, to continue to concentrate its credit structure towards high-yielding, high-quality assets, to clear its historical burden, and to maintain a high upward trend in performance and to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Interest rate risk: interest rates under broad credit and broad monetary policy continue to fall, with narrow interest differentials. Market risk: the macro- and regional economy’s sharp downswing has led to a deterioration in asset quality and a significant increase in bad performance; Debt markets’ adjustment of non-interest-bearing income has continued to drag performance.
Business risk: Economic growth is slower than expected and declining demand for financing slows credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.