e-consumption e-consumption & non-financial companies & E-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption e-consumption & non-financial companies & e-consumption control 688036.sh)
Investment rating: buying (maintaining) business rhythms continue upwards, supply chain and market competition suppress short-term profits.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved 49.543 billion yuan, a 3.33 per cent decline in the same year, and a 29.39 per cent increase in net return profits.
The speed of delivery has continued to improve, with three quarters of smart machine prices rising. Sales have been better in the three quarters since the new season in June, and sales have continued to rise. The idc data show that 29.2 million smartphones, yoy+13.6 per cent of all smartphones in the third quarter of the SMS have grown faster than 2.6 per cent, returning to fourth place in the world with a strong market share of 9 per cent.
In the long term, the company may have continued to benefit from the trend of moving to smart machines. In terms of average prices, the average price of the company increased by 27.33% in three quarters, the corresponding intelligent output increased by 16.33% in volume, and the rate of increase in revenue was significantly higher than the rate of increase in volume, indicating that the company or through the product is closing.
Cost pressures are expected to spread, and profitability is expected to recover. The company’s Māori ratio is influenced by a combination of competitive patterns, cost changes, and public-sector strategies.
However, as the prices of end-products are adjusted by mobile phone manufacturers due to rising costs, the sounding will also be dynamically adjusted by measures such as price increases, product structure optimization, in line with upstream cost changes and market competition, with the goal of maintaining a healthy level of Māori for financial purposes and contributing to the restoration of profitability.
The value of the company's hardware portal is high on the pre-business night at the end of the story. According to Bloomberg, the Apple Project, in collaboration with Google \triangleright, paid to integrate gemini to build a new generation of Siri, although it is well embedded in the hardware path of the three stars with Google.
The highest/minimum variation in a year, but the "endai+hard" has been jointly validated as a strategic imperative for the header. This is a competitive relationship with the hope of accelerating technical standardization and market education and facilitating the endsideai moving from concept validation to a scalable pre-deployment night, here.
In this context, the value of a company that has access to huge hardware flows may increase significantly. As a smartphone producer with more than 100 million annual shipments, it is actively working with Google and other partners to promote innovation and diffusion of practical ai technologies in emerging markets.
My own personal views on the subject securities and issuers are expected to be re-evaluated with a positive embrace of the trend. With my diligent professionalism, professional due diligence, the use of legitimate compliance information, the independent and objective production of this report, no part of the person’s remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.