On 29 October 2025, a sound holding announcement was issued in the third quarter of 2025, reporting that the company ' s first three months of operating income for the first 3q25 quarter was $20,466 million, an increase of 22.60 per cent and a rise in the ring.
• Continuous promotion of capacity-building forai, comparison of company prices with trends in depth of 300, improvement in corporate business loops, three-quarter mobile phone shipments according to the advisory body Omdia
To the fourth place in the world, however, as a result of market competition and the combined cost of the supply chain, the Māori rate of the company declined in the third quarter, and as a result of the company ' s price increases and restructuring, it is expected that the company will be able to sustain its capacity-building efforts, which have been widely applied in tecnoai and infinixai.
Video enhancement, voice helper, ai writing, etc., develops a series of ai support features that apply and sustain a continuous iterative propulsion system that is fully alimentated, with the help of an agent to upgrade the user smart device migration experience. The company, taking advantage of its geolocation advantages, is constantly focusing on creating a “functional one” that is deeply localized.
Tecnoai and infinixai also support small local languages in Africa and South Asia, breaking low-income language restrictions, and providing local users with local smart services.
Real-time translation, graphic resolution, calendar management, etc., helps the general public to enjoy intelligence experience at lower thresholds. Companies actively build structures that allow multi-end integration, co-opting, and co-applications of cloud at the end of the land, bringing new ones to localize market users ' needs.
A generation of intelligent assistants ella interacts with innovation. In terms of art, companies have published products like aipc, ai glasses, for example, a new generation of ai pc-megabooks16, mounted on a tecnoai with an end on a cpu.
A big one model, combined with user office scenes, enables real-time translation and summary of local meetings, ai ppt, ai scripts, ella voice assistants, etc. offline ai, and supports interconnection with eco-products such as tecno machines, accessories, etc.; the company is also online with tecnoaiglases
Glass series, which supports photo shoots, voice assistants, real-time translation, navigation, etc.
Over-expected market competition; under-exploitation of markets; under-predicted product prices; over-predicted parts and components upstream: cost-side controls; and independent and objective production of the present report using information of legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.