(a) The oil sector is centred on the glory brand and the title brand (formerly the Rolf Automobile brand) is global.
The branded car, both of which are currently in the main price range of $100,000-$20 million, will be running high-end markets in the whale and flagship series, respectively. 2) The electric car sector will be running on the market in the general five-inch diamond luminous series for less than $100,000, taking over new energy vehicles.
(b) 200,000 to 300,000 dollars to roll out the R series (Technology Fashion), over 300,000 dollars to launch the new IQ brand (Senior Luxury) electric vehicle, and 1 7 for the long-duration + high-intellectual vehicle.
The full price belt that builds core competitiveness covers the full layout. 3) The electrodynamic dimension, the upper gas group, moves in two-wire lines of pure electricity + hydrogen fuel cells and operates in an independent subsidiary open mode; Battery development + charge-over multi-power development synchronizes. 4) Smart chemical dimension, the upper steam to develop the cloud end.
The integrated whole-store solution is the way forward. 5) The marketing dimension, transformation of user definitions, depth, digging of the market, b2b transformation of the b2c model, addressing the user’s needs.
In the area of fuel cars, the Audi brand has introduced the large suv series, with the Audi 7l as its first and two paragraphs, to further refine the mass mass high-end product matrix; and in the area of electric vehicles, the id series, with three model imports, to locate the pure electricity market at the middle and high end of 200,000 dollars or more, the stronger brands are expected to help to increase sales.
2) Up-scaling: is expected to be stable in the short term as the impact of the chip shortage fades; long-term dimensions, 9 new energy vehicles are planned to be launched by 2025, covering three major brands, 1 new energy, Upper Gas Group (600104): chips
The developed medium-sized pure electric suv-lyriq type entered the Chinese market in 2022. 3) Marketing shortages have continued to affect and perform better on its own.
The Dotted Core Blast Vehicle, based on a breakdown of the market by the user, defines the user image and better solves the problem of the upper gas group (600104): April final vehicle matrix conflict.
The same ratio to 15%, with higher auto autonomy, the surplus forecast and investment proposal: we anticipate that corporate ownership brands + high-end intelligence of new rs, electric brands open up new energy markets and continue to open up overseas markets, and that changes in electric intelligence technologies are making a difference.
Quarterly reviews: high profit growth, slightly faster. Joint venture branding of the popular Audi and the id series and generic new model imports are expected to contribute to the sale of 2021-04-30.
Multiplier. Given that the up-surge conversion should start with smart electric change + the start of the new car cycle, the upscaling of the group’s investment is rated as “buy-in.” The card suv price battle exceeds expectations.
1. Autonomous brands: Rongwei+r markers + intellectually perfected layouts, electric intelligence changes accelerated to speed up the new product cycle process, auto group ownership brands and joint venture brands in fuel and electric vehicles, both of which have made further changes to the product matrix, and we're collating the current product matrix of the upper gas, which we can do.
1.1. Product Quest/Governor + Mitsubishi +r + Smart, Fuel & Electric brands perfecting the product matrix
Mainly, both brands are currently in the range of $100,000-$20 million, with future brand upgrades using the whale series and the flagship fleet, respectively, to hit high-end markets with a train-type model. The low-end cars in the electric area, dominated by the general Mitsubishi macrolight series, are proxies for up to $100,000, catching up with the needs of nationals to take steps at a low price + low-duration + pragmatism.
Defining a unique segment of the market, which continues to occupy a leading position in the domestic market for new energy; the middle end, which is dominated by a brand of glory, corresponds to an electric car of between $100,000 and $2 million (the dominant national style); and the middle-end market of $200,000 to $300,000 (the middle-end of the market), which is a train-type brand (the main technology fashion), and the upper end of the 300 grand and above electric vehicle, which introduces a completely new intellectual brand (the main of the brand).
For the upper steam core: the upper-end smart-powered flagship position, the intellectual-age changer. The smart-ass car was created in December 2020 to “free travel + passenger & sense + symbiosis + artistic empowerment.”
Five ideas are at the core of the brand. Currently, two high-end cars open for initial angel wheels, Ls7 high-end suv wisesl7:c large-scale sedan, long-duration + high-intelligence to build core competitiveness. 1) Appearance: swirling backs, front-of-the-art designs, with a strong visual impact. Large-sized cars 5.1 m long, axle 3.1 m.
Symbolim, front-lighted dlp daylights; side design aligned with sharp-tech features with full-rate curvatures, with a wider shoulder line highlighting the front-of-the-car type; tail design with floating wing plus one taillights, integrated style to manage easily and define the luxuries of the new era;) interior decorations: the dashboard consists of 39 inches that can lift and drop into a large barrier screen.
The upper side of the central controlled channel is equipped with a 12.8 inch 2k-storey medium-screen with an intellectual-imos system centred on the linux module; most physical buttons are removed, contact controls are in the form of feedback, light-colour system styles are designed to perform low-end luxury. 3) Smart driving dimensions, sensors: equipped with an intellectual-mad hardware perception system architecture, mostly visual, milligrams.
Super-high-precision inertia, high-precision maps and v2x end-of-cycle technology achieves 360 degrees blindness, six-dimensional overlay perception; chip: high-capacity to support 30+tops per second performance, building eight large redundant security platforms across the world; software algorithm: self-researched soa service-oriented atomicization software
Architecture, the above gas itself accumulates nearly 10 billion km of data, achieving industry-led full-process data-driven algorithm capability based on the return of big data, and the efficient replacement of all modules with fully automated performances such as perception, integration, prediction, regulation, etc. 4), three power systems dimensions, smartsl7, using high-efficiency motor design, wind block factor 0.21, 100,
kilometre 3.9s, maximum extension 655km. 5) Other: Wisdoml7 is equipped with light-quantified aluminum chassis, cdc intelligence, electrostatic decompositionor and an akc back-wheel system; front face is equipped with an isc smart light system and im, carlog, carlog, vehicle-borne video system to achieve a high-level 4k shot.
Figure 2: Twissl7 looks, which has a clear advantage in space compared to the competitive pattern of the same price zone, intelligent driving chips and sensor configurations are at a preponderant level and are expected to take a larger share of the market in the future, re-engineer autonomy in intelligence.
Brand image in the field of electric vehicles. Figure 4: Automobile fleet ownership product matrix 1.2. Technology dimensions: oriented towards core incremental technological areas, full-scale changes in electric intelligence
1.2.1. Electrodynamics: Pure + hydrogen energy in combination, three power systems + replacement multi-modal operations In the field of electrodynamics, upper gas groups use pure electricity + hydrogen fuel cells in double-lined vehicles and operate in an independent subsidiary mode. 1) Rapid energy technology: construction of three-power systems, including batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, and oil hybrids.
2) Hydrogen Science and Technology: Currently over 65% of R & D staff, over 70% of post-graduate education, master of full and ongoing capacity for development of fuel cell reactors, fuel cell systems and fuel cell systems from core reactor component development (dipolar panels, membrane electrodes), reactor integration, fuel cell system integration to power system integration, full vehicle integration
The fuel cell hydrogen storage system is a core product and has now taken the lead in achieving volume production on board the high-voltage maxuseunio7 multi-purpose vehicle. 3) The upper-air connection electron: it was established in 2009 in the central direction of the future smart-powered period, with ps, breaking the monopoly of foreign giant technology and successfully entering industrial use.
Battery development + battery replacement multi-modal development. The upper gas group develops a variety of battery technologies, including three-dollar lithium batteries, phosphate lithium batteries and solid-state batteries simultaneously, cell design platformization, modular production, safety and compatibility, and production efficiency. In battery operations, the upper gas not only develops efficient charger technology, but achieves 5-min shock.
Breaking 100km+ continuation; also setting up a power exchange platform, developing different models for the separation of motor vehicles for different needs at the end of b/c: smartness: digitizing to the core, building a full-store solution In the area of intelligence, up-loading to develop a cloud-pipe-end integrated whole-store solution in the future direction. 1) acquisition of weapons.
Han Mid-Technology Data Ltd., using the development of high-precision maps of its own mature vehicle operation layout, directly coordinates the development of a line 14 level vehicle, while using live vehicle plus simulation tests to reverse the level 12/l3 algorithm development capability. 2) Zero-beam development of a full core software algorithm for data-centric Soa software platform, centralized
The electronic and electrical architecture and software ota, among other things, are corresponding content development, providing access to the whole world, layouts of the l2/l3 level of vehicle intelligence. 3) Upward investment in momenta, combined mobileye, soft and hardware, such as Huayung, Yin Weidal, Ali, Tetsu, etc., headlines in the Internet, accelerating the overall scalding of the intellectual car industry chain.
1.3. Marketing dimension: the main capture user definition, the organization constitutes the optimal creation of strong competitiveness Transition user definition, deep-drawing of the market, b2b transformation of the b2c model, better addressing the user ' s needs.
In the past, future model development and technology development were focused on user orientation, building the capabilities of the mainframe b2c and adapting the business model and resource architecture accordingly to technology service products, with product service users at the end of the spectrum, smart vehicle-type Soa services and the ota upgrade area are technology-based and user-centred concepts.
In terms of corporate organization, the core elements of the up-scaling change include: 1) the independence of core supply chain parts and components manufacturers, market-based operations and increased risk-resistant capabilities; and the creation of team-based scientific and technical styles such as zero beams, intellectuals, and the implementation of equity incentives.
2. Joint venture brands: the popular + common joint venture new vehicle has been launched, and changes are evident: 1) in the area of fuel vehicles, the overall reduction of the chip shortage is expected to hit the bottom and is being maintained.
On the basis of a higher market share in the fuel-car market in the country, the Audi brand will be introduced in the future, starting with Audia7l, plus two large suv series models, to further refine the matrix of high-end products for the general public; and (2) the electric-car sector, id series, three paragraphs, to locate the pure-trailer-type imports of medium-to-high-end markets above $200,000, to capture the rapid growth of the current electric-car market in the country.
The id series: id.4/id.3/id.6, which is expected to be imported into the Chinese market, is expected to increase the volume of sales, which is now on the market: id.4x; and id.6, which is the first time in the Shanghai Car Fair.
In parallel, scheduled to be officially marketed in 2021.06.17; id.3 is expected to be launched in 2021, 1 in 2022, 1) id.4x, officially listed in 2021.03.25, subsidized for sale for $20.0-273 million, a new pure electric vehicle model based on the meb module chemical power-driven platform with a fleet of 402/520/55km, reduced to 40min.
80% of electricity, 100 km acceleration of 8.5s. Appearance: Designed using the concept of "phoretic motion" with full surface and linear motion. A cross-cutting pre-face plating design injects future sensory elements into the contour body, matching the iq.light-light matrix with the iq.light lamp. On interior apparel, id.4x is equipped with a digitized cabin layout, with a very simple design highlighting the technical style. 5.3 inch liquid crystal.
The instrument +12 inches of large-screen suspension combined to enhance reality shows a combination of full-scope glass ceilings, a strong id.6x, a popular branded flagship series of pure power suv, a pre-sale at the beginning of the Shanghai Car Fair, 2021.06.17, officially listed at $23.99-3369,000 for sale, and a continuous voyage of 436/510/588 km to position the id.4 for the id series.
Seven large suvs of pure electricity high, with an axle range of 4876/2965 mm. Appearance, id.6 is also focused on luxurious personality construction, complex car lines, and maintenance of fuel vehicle styles such as gas grids, headlamps using front-to-end light groups and cross-link tails.
Combination instrument, with a strong technical style.)id.3, also based on popular meb platform, is based on a purely electrolytic suv market with a body size of 4261/1778/1568 mm, an axle range of 2765 mm, a range of 330/420/550 km, a 100-km acceleration of 8.9s.
Upward gas: According to universal self-planning, it will continue to make large-scale investments in the three main areas of gasification, intelligent driving and vehicle networking technologies, with investments of over $20 billion by 2025 for the development of a new generation of pure electric vehicles and auto-pilot technologies, which have now been successfully developed for the third generation of the global electric vehicle platform (bev3) and the platform.
For the Chinese market, there are nine new energy vehicles planned for 2020-2025, covering three major brands, new energy technology profiles and mainstream body forms. In addition, they are based on the ultium battery system and the third generation of global electric vehicle platforms.
The electric model will be introduced simultaneously into the Chinese market, and the first medium-sized pure electric suv — lyrik model developed on the basis of the above platform is expected to be produced domestically in 2022. In the next five years, the proportion of new energy vehicles in all new models launched in China will be more than 40%.
In the short term, as the impact of chip shortages fades, the future is expected to be stable. Brand marketing dimensions, while increasing the import of products, will be accompanied by public/general investment in the Toc model, with a focus on the core layout of the Bus, using user segmentation as a criterion, definition of user graphics, and better resolution of matrix conflicts.
We expect the company's own brand to open up new energy markets.
The joint venture brand of popular Audi and the id series and generic new vehicle-type imports are expected to boost sales. Thus, the upper gas revenue of $7794/8418.9 billion for the period 2021-2023 is maintained.
If the global epidemic is under-controlled, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery in demand for vehicles. The recovery in demand for vehicles is lower than expected.
New-energy automobile development is lower than expected. If new-energy car technology development and market demand are lower than expected, it will affect the industry’s overall electrodynamic development process and have a significant impact on the Great Wall’s sales volume and its own profits.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board