Quarterly review: high profit growth, slightly higher than expected
+ Reduction in cost during the + period: Up-gas group 2021q1 batches achieved 114.24 million, of which upper-gas utility/up-air utility Mitsubishi performed better, increasing by +26.25 per cent/+8.26 per cent and ring ratio +34.56 per cent, respectively, compared to 2020, the core reason being: 1) general-window sales accounted for 1 per cent
Changes in the marketing structure, with a marked increase in the share of high-end vehicle sales; 3) gains in auto autonomy, improved profitability, and a positive shift in net profits (mother ' s net profit-investment returns). Specifically, more than 200,000 vehicle models/roads/gauges have been raised from 9.7 per cent to 3.5 per cent
Higher base of sales/management costs for the same period. 2021q1 sales/management/research and development cost ratio (which accounts for business start-up, leading to smart electricization, long-term sustained growth of overseas markets, sustained impact of shortages and better performance of ownership)
1) In the short term, it coincides with the trend towards a four-fold transformation, with the upper-end smart electric vehicle market of $200,000-300,000 and more than $300,000, with the upper-middle-end smart car market marked by the Queen's brand. The price of marvelr is 22-26 million, and the limousine sedan is 1.7 in April.
Yearly report: q4 net profit compared to year, angel wheel pre-sale for $4,088,000, configuration of full redundancy perception architecture + super-long continuation - 21%, export business performed better)
Aerial, excellent performance, expected delivery of 2022q1 and improved brand image of the entire steam. Upward steam, sustained product structural optimization and new energy system construction, sustained mobile mobility service operations, and good replacement power station layouts are expected to achieve 6.17 million sales targets throughout the year.)) In the long run, first of all,
Into the car market of mature countries like O.S.A. and into India with a smart car, the shortage continues to affect, waiting to improve the cycle, the long-term car market in South-East Asia, where the technology will be further developed, the O.S.A. and so on.
Markets, investment in autonomous brands, and a shift from traditional car brands to smart network development.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect to open new energy markets, open overseas markets, and keep the public and the general at the bottom of the bargain.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.