3-Hu Yuu (000999), healthy growth of pharmaceutical biology chc operations, co-development and integration of Quan medicine, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2023 and 18.61 billion yuan in operating income achieved by the company in the first 3 quarters of 2023, an increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year; net profit earned by the mother of 2.4 billion yuan, an increase of 23.1 per cent in the same year; net profit withheld by the non-net profit of 2.3 billion yuan and net profit earned by the mother of 5.3 billion yuan, an increase of 1.2 per cent in the same year; net profit earned by the non-returned mother of 480 million yuan, an increase of 5.6 per cent in the same year.
• Kun Pharmacy, which also shows structural changes in a number of financial indicators. The built-in business is running well. The 2023q1-3 company has a slightly volatile quarterly performance and short-term pressure on the prescription drug business. The 23q3 company has achieved operating income of $5.46 billion (+47.2 per cent); the net return to the mother of $530 million (+1.2 per cent); and the deduction of non-net profit of $480 million.
(+5.6%) The revenue and profits of single q3 companies are expected to fall slightly in the same year after the elimination of the Quan Pharmacy combination factor.
● Research and development innovations provide the driving force for development. The company's focus on research and development is progressing well, with a sustained focus on important Chinese medicines.
Household standard studies and declarations: Quan Pharmacy Group ' s autonomous development of 1 type of drug for ischaemic cerebral pawns kyaz01-2011-020 clinical ii has started with more than 20 research centres with a trial sequenced advance; and re-entry of 1 type of genetic mutation innovative drug kyah01-2016-079 clinical i for ammonium dehydrase-1 (idh1)
In the group; self-researched products of double-hydro artemisinin-based phosphorus platinum 40mg/320mg were examined and certified at the WHO-pq certification site and included in the procurement of antimalarial medicines by WHO international organizations and public institutions.
There was good synergy, and the company was able to build consensus in accordance with the first year's integration plan, setting the goal of “Creating silver #1.
• Activities such as the Industrial Chain Salon, the Tri-Sept Industrial Chain Seminar, and the Senior and Medium-Term Development Trends and Research Specialists Meeting in China's Senior Industry, which promoted the creation of the San-Septian Industrial Chain and the creation of the San-Septian Industrial Chain Markers.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.