Quan Pharmacy integration drive, formula particle operation fluctuations
On October 28, 2023, the company published a three-monthly report for 2023.chc Health Consumers has grown faster and brands otc, professional brands, big health, etc.
The quality of the product continues to grow, and consumer/patient awareness of the 999 flu has increased, leading to a rapid growth in his products, such as antiviral oral fluids, strong exposures, etc.
Influencing policy implications of prescription operations, overall stability of the first three quarters of the country's drug operations
With the rapid growth of the chc business, the prescription drug business is expected to meet in the future during the quarter as a result of the proactive adjustment of the management of the channels, the poor performance of the formulation particles and their impact on the performance of the season, which has had a relatively minor impact on the performance of the business throughout the year.
Overall performance remained robust during the first half of the year, with performance growth brought about by the semi-annual shift in standards and business advancements largely stable during the first three quarters, as the formula particles were kept under constant control.
The acquisition of Quan Pharmacy, the synergy of the Quantities, the long-term development of the resources, the integration of the Quintine Pharmacy, the business focus, the 100-year integration plan, the integration of business channels, business models, management models, etc.
The Kuen Pharmacy Business will focus on the tri-seven industrial chains and the Kuen Chinese Medicines Series, and companies will be empowered with their channels to achieve long-term development on the ageing track.
As of q3, the company ' s 1st class of small molecular target anti-cancer qbh-196 was conducting an i-clinical test; the H3k27m mutagenic melanoma new drug nc201 was officially introduced in July 2023.
Approval of the Approval Notice for Clinical Trials of Drugs; 1 category for the improvement of women's menopausal symptoms, s0270522030001, new Chinese drug dzoe, all tested persons who have completed the ii clinical study were placed in the group: “Sample tracer salt”
The clinical study of lymphachoxone for stomach cancer root control is under way. More than 30 places of classic name are being studied, and several studies and declarations of national standards for Chinese formulations are being carried out. One of the blood-deficit brain pawns is being developed by the Quan Pharmacy Group.
The class drug Kyaz01-2011-020 Clinical ii has started more than 20 research centres, and is being tested, Prospective Prospectives for Profit and Investment: the company is the leader of the Chinese pharmaceutical otc industry, with multiple sub-categories of otc leading the industry, with a strong branding and acquisition capability, which is expected to continue to strengthen the otc industry.
(b) The progress of the integration of the Kun is continuing, with the business focusing on the ageing track, which is expected to develop steadily with corporate channels. Based on basic research and the company's newly published performance reports, we make a number of recommendations.
Price of $44.42. Based on the fact that the company is the leader of the Chinese drug otc, with a strong variety and brand outreach capability, the policy implications of the prescription drug specialist business are gradually absorbed, the formulation particle business has a pre-emptive advantage, and the company is expected to continue to grow and maintain a “buy-in” rating in the future.
Risk factors: higher than expected risk of formulation particles and mesmerized drug collection, less than expected combination of Quantities, less advanced R & D, etc.