A healthy consumer business is well run and the R & D project is well under way.
2. “Assessment of China's performance: the growth of performance is higher than expected, the growth of the future multi-occupational chc business is faster and the prescription drug business as a whole remains stable.
In January-September, the company ' s chc healthy consumer goods business grew faster, with brands otc, 3. " Performance Growth Overseeing " , looking at the company ' s long-term development - a 39-point review, with professional brands, big health, etc. growing faster.
The increase in consumer/patient awareness of the 999 flu has led to rapid growth in other sub-products, such as antiviral oral fluids, strong exposures, etc. Prescription drugs, continued enrichment of pipelines, enhanced value extraction of priority products, and efforts to digest collections, etc.
The impact of the factors is coupled with the consolidation of the business development base, increased business development resilience, and overall stability. The first three quarters of the country’s drug industry, driven by the growth of the drinker business, remained stable, but three quarters of the year, owing to the proactive adjustment of the management of the pipeline, the formula did not perform well.
Good, with some impact on the season’s performance, the year’s performance has been relatively small, and with a wealth of variety, focused research projects are progressing well. 1 small molecular target to anti-cancer drug qbh-196 is conducting i-clinical trials; h3k27m mutagenic melancholy glue
Onc201 was officially approved in July 2023 for the approval of clinical trials for drugs.
At the same time, the company continues to focus on research on Chinese classics, Chinese standards for the formulation of sodium carbonate and the financing of medicines, and is currently working on more than 30 classics and several Chinese formulations.
(c) Product collection risks: competition increases risks: product diffusion is less than expected: health-care medicines are limited
Price risk; risk of change in brand value; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; discounting of goodwill; analysis of related report rating ratios in the market