Continued progress in the integration of the Kun medicine, with steady growth in performance 29 October 2023 Event: 3rd Quarterly Report 2023 issued by Luong Hua, which achieved operating income in the first 3rd quarter of 2023
\triangleright \triangleright’s merger on 19th. 3rd quarter operating income increased significantly and profits increased positively. \q3 alone, 2023q3 achieved battalion
\triangleright has a clear strategic direction and a strong brand. \triangleright is a fast growth in the company's health consumer business. \triangleright
The brands of otc, professional brands, big health, etc. are growing faster. The 999 flu drug brands and products are growing. The market is raising awareness of the 999 flu, leading to the rapid growth of other sub-products (anti-virus oral fluids, strong exposures, etc.).
The value of the product, while trying to absorb the effects of such factors as clustering, has been accompanied by a consolidation of the business development base, as well as an increase in research capacity and the layout of the drug pipeline. In line with its strategic direction, the company has continued to increase its research and development investment.
\triangleright Focused Research Project is progressing well. Of these, 1 innovative medium drug dzqe (for improving women's menopausal symptoms) has completed the grouping of all ii clinical studies, H3k27m mutagenic melanoma
The new drug conc201 was officially approved in July 2023 for the approval of clinical trials.
More than 30 names, and several studies and declarations of national standards for Chinese formulations. 2. China Yun 39 (000999.sz) performance forecast for 2022, promotes the integration of Quan medicine and accelerates the development of synergy.
"Build silver hair as a first share of economic health, as a leader in the management of slow diseases, as well as a country of excellence 2023/01/21.
The new strategic objective of the drug front line is to increase the end-coverage rate steadily, as the operations of the Kuen Pharmacy Group continue to focus and the depth of integration advances, and the Ministry of Finance and Industry has taken stock of the tri-nix (000999.sz) event: the tri-nine operations and products have been integrated into the 39-channel system.
Quality development has led to a series of important activities, such as the Chinese medicine industry chain salon and the San-Hian industry chain workshop, 4. Hua Yun San (00099.sz) q3 flash point 2022, which has facilitated the construction of the San-H7 industry chain platform and accelerated the achievement of the strategic goal of building the San-H7 industry chain poles.
Review: q3 strong growth, long-term appreciation of branded Chinese medicine - 2022/Investment proposal: the company has a strong branding and resource integration capacity, strong channels for system management and end-covering, and is expected to continue to grow in core products, leading to robust corporate performance.
Queries: Chec is growing steadily, looking at formulation particles and expected risks in the second half of the year; policy risks; cost controls are not as high as expected; methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.