The third entrepreneurship started a new cycle of growth, which began on June 09, 2021 and began a full new cycle of entrepreneurship: long-term autonomy, 2005-2010.
The sales were raised from 15,000 to 917,000 and the same level was maintained thereafter; the joint venture brand, dominated by Ford, contributed to the main profits of the Chang-Ann vehicle.
The core competitiveness of long-term automobiles is largely reflected in: overall technology layout + product competition + continuous innovation. 1) Technology dimensions: the blue whale series is always powered by power + low oil consumption.
The Shangri-La program is at its core, and the Chen high-end smart power platform plus the low- and middle-end power platform is now fully covered. In the area of intelligence, the Bei Doo Sky Constabulary strategy is at its core, and the Open Platform integrates resources plus three major areas into its deep layout. 2) Product dimensions, top-heavy + power + smart technology configurations
cs+uni series suv, and the vagabond series + Oshan series mpv layout mpv 5-20 million to burn the tanker market. 3) Marketing dimension: combined offline distribution (customer experience) with direct sales (direct payment), supporting the full product distribution process and reducing inventory and operating costs.
• Future point: 1) Long-term autonomy: a new product cycle begins in the short term, with long-term cooperation to open smart electric ceilings. Joint venture brands: mixed changes are beginning to work, Foat is starting to be stable. 1) Long-term autonomy: short-term dimensions, fuel vehicle markets are primarily sold on cs75p+runner, un part of the system.
The column contributes to a core increase, and Chang An's brand is expected to achieve an increase in city occupancy; the electric car market has become a low-to-low-end market with epa flat-sized motor power. Long-term dimensions, with China building a chn platform for collaboration, opening a smart electric ceiling. 2) Joint ventures, with mixed effects.
Ford, short- and long-term domestic market strategic positioning continues to increase sales. Long-Ammadius is at the bottom, and is expected to grow steadily in the future. ict technology accumulation, communications capacity + hardware + algorithms & software facilitates entry into the agency's car field.)ict
A wealth of experience to help build a new e/e architecture. 2) Self-researching hardware and software to build a smart-drive all-store solution. mdc+os+sensive iron triangle plus algorithms to jointly achieve the ads all-store high-level autopilot solution. 3) Americium chip support smart module platform. Chips+os+ar-
Hud+car smart screens to achieve the three functions of the computing platform, software platform, display platform, and to form a hardware and software ecosystem. 4) vdc smart electric platform to enable differentiation experiences. mpower+vdc+vos operating system+Application & Cloud service, with differential experiences.
Intelligent network + smart car cloud drive the new quadrupling process. Smart network & smart car cloud service co-operate with car + road + cloud to improve the efficiency of intelligent research and development and application.
In the 1980s, in response to the country's military conversion strategy, Chang-Aun was built by military forces.
In 1984, China’s first small cars were produced, accounting for one-third of China’s minibus market in the decade from the early 1990’s to the beginning of the twenty-first century. The Chang An car was inaugurated in 1996, and two years later, with the birth of the Long An Star of the Bread.
Second entrepreneurship: to enter the domestic car market, to meet the boom in the domestic car market. In 2006, the domestic car market officially started, the long car was close to the user’s demand market, an autonomous brand car development strategy was announced, and a commercial transfer took place.
Since then, Chang An has set up the European Design Centre, the Japan Design Centre, the Saiji Complex, the United Kingdom Research and Development Centre and the United States Research and Development Centre to build a solid technological back-up for the Chang An vehicle, which in 2010 will be a Chinese brand with a cumulative traffic of over 5 million vehicles. Immediately after that, Chang An has used the country’s suv market to develop the first wave of dividends.
The roll-out of the cs series 55, a compact suv model, led to a rapid upturn in sales, which in 2014 was the first Chinese brand to enter the “millions club” with a cumulative sales of 10 million. From 1 million to 10 million, it took 13 years. Second entrepreneurship worked well.
Third Entrepreneurship: Stock Competitor Markets, with the aim of transforming electric intelligence into innovative entrepreneurship schemes, moving to the next big step. The plan has four dimensions: entrepreneurship, innovation, innovation, speed, and a development approach with a core plus four transformation, making efficiency the core competitiveness of the organization, and investing in the transition from service to business customers.
The shift in traditional products to smart + new energy products, from product + service to product + service + mobility solutions, from business to business branding. 1) At the user level, the shift from service to business users.
The vehicle will promote the establishment of China’s first fully operational online big data service system, with digital technology precision to discern diversity requirements, enhance service initiative, build a one-stop eco-circle, and enhance users’ trust in and dependence on brands. 2) At the brand level, the shift from business products to business brands.
Structures to create a long-range passenger vehicle, a new medium- and high-end passenger vehicle, an Oshan car, and a four-fold brand of a Kaicho car. 3) Product surfaces, shifting from traditional products to intelligent + new energy products, in response to a shift in the properties of cars as smart terminals and integrated software values. In the future, a "smart" and "new energy" vehicle will be built into a standard match for the product.
In the area of intelligence, in 2018, an intelligent strategy, code-named the Beidou Sky Consort, was launched to the world as a “smart car leader”. 4) In terms of service models, there is a shift from the provision of product-plus services to the provision of product-plus-service-plus-out solutions.
Figure 1: Long An Car Development History Key Node 1.1. Volume Reciprocal Distribution: Cycle Change, Joint Venture branding has a greater impact
Autonomous branding dimension: In 2006, the Jianan car opened up a second-generation formal entry into the car market. From 2005 to 2010, the share of Liang self-distribution in the national car market rose rapidly to more than 20%, the share of the autonomous car industry rose from 0.5% to 7%, and the absolute value of sales rose from 15,000 to 917,000.
The annual average of the cagr is 127.71%, representing mini-sedic cars, such as glittering and running. Starting in 2011, the domestic passenger car market suv sales increased rapidly, the autonomous brand suv, represented by the Wall + Biadi, increased rapidly, and the autonomous share of the autonomous brand/industry sales fell, followed by the roll-out of the cs suv series in cs55 and Cs55 and Cs55 respectively.
cs75 is represented by a strong autonomous city, with a share of about 10 per cent and 5 per cent respectively in 2013-2017. Joint venture brand dimensions: In 2005-2012, the joint brand of the long-associated department consisted mainly of the long Antmadawda+Suzuki, representing Fox+Mondio+Antelling+Maduda3 and others.
In the year 2013-2016, sales increased rapidly, from 680,000 to 940,000; and in the years 2013-2016, sales increased rapidly, from 680,000 to 940,000.
Seventy thousand to 190,000. The combined sales of the Cheonan Automobile Group increased from 1.72 million in 2013 to 2.48 million in 2016, with a small increase from 9.6% to nearly 11% in the car industry. Since 2017, the Autonomous + Joint Venture has gone down the line and returned to a little warmth in 2020.
Under the influence of the down-cycle + vulnerable joint venture brands, the stock of long-saled cars has fallen, from 12 per cent in 2016 to 9 per cent in 2018, and the share of the industry as a whole has declined from 5 per cent to 3 per cent +; and the share of long-seat automobiles as a whole has declined from 10 per cent to 5 per cent, with the share of joint ventures being more than self-sustained.
Mainly, Psa+Suzuki+Furt has experienced the greatest decline, with significant delays. Since 2020, there has been a marked rebound in the sale of long-term autonomy and joint venture brands, with Chang-Son taking over the industry, Chang-Son taking ownership of the autonomous brand market, and Chang-Son ' s overall share of the trade sales increasing to 5%, 13% and 7%, respectively.
Change in revenue and volatility of sales in Chang-An's car business has remained almost the same. For the first time since 2001 - 2005, there has been a steady increase in revenue under the conversion policy; the start-up of the business switch in 2006 and a small return on revenue, followed by a start-up dividend in the domestic car market, which took over the market with low-end mini-cars and peaked in 2010; and the subsequent rise in the suv market, which is autonomous.
The low-end car market of the brand of $100,000 has become more competitive, with the introduction of the Cs series of hot sales suv since 2011, with a rapid upswing in revenue from the suv dividend; peaking in 2016-2017, with a downward adjustment cycle. The overall change in profits of the Chang An automobile is related to the return on investment (joint venture contribution).
Prior to the start of the industry, the net profit on the return of the long-anse car remained steadily and slowly rising; changes in the corporate system, which was carried over by the merchants, led to a larger rise in the level of self-award profits (in the form of the net profit on the return on the investment) between 2006 and 2017. Since 2013, after the break-up of the long-anse car, the net profit on the return on the investments has increased significantly, and since then, after the high rate of growth, the net profit on the return on the investments has increased.
Since 2017, the joint venture brand business has been poor, the return on investment has declined significantly, and the overall profit level has fallen. After displacing the psa, the overall institutional mix has improved significantly in 2020, and the return on joint venture brand investment has increased considerably.
Figure 4: Change in operating income/Billions of yuan per vehicle: Change in net profit/Billions of yuan per vehicle/Multicultural ratio since 2006 is stable overall, with three fee levels changing depending on the operating situation.
The country’s financial background and deep manufacturing and processing experience have led to a high Māori rate of over 30% in the civil commercial sector. From the second business start in 2006 to 2016, the overall Māori rate of Ján remained within the range of 15-20%, with a more stable business situation; and in 2017, the low pace of the Māori ratio of Ján vehicles in the interior of the country led to an increase in the Māori rate.
The net interest rate, influenced by investment returns, has fluctuated considerably at the level of the net interest rate for the long car. Overall, for the period 2006-2012, the cost ratio was higher than the industry’s start-up period, the sedan market and the suv market development dividend, higher investment in the long car’s advanced model and higher R&D costs (from 3%).
As a result, in 2012-2017, during the domestic suv development dividend period, the industry was up, with Chang An cars rising rapidly each year and then returning to normal levels. 2. Core competitiveness: full technology layout + strong product competition + continuous innovation in marketing
2.1. Technological dimensions: Accelerator acceleration of the evolution of the blue whale power drive + Shangri-La-Bei Doo powered electric intelligence. 2.1.1. Power mix: Accompaniment of the blue whale series: power strength + fuel consumption + operational stability + high compatibility performance, low power power fuel consumption and international leadership.
The power platform, the Blue Whale platform, was built over four years by Chang-An's car, and consists of three panels: blue whale engines, oil mixers, and transformers. Similar to i-vtec in Honda, tsi in the general population, blending with Toyota, creating blue skyscrapers, and Madhuda, where the Blue Whale platform was further created on the basis of market-developed technology, with core technological advantages.
Strong power + low fuel consumption + smooth operation + high compatibility. n.m, corresponding speed range 1400-4000r/min; 1.5t, high voltage, direct jet engines, corresponding to three parameters: maximum power 132kw, maximum torque 300n m, corresponding speed range 1250-3250r/min.
Motions, cs, and uni are listed. 1) Power is strong: blue whales have a maximum capacity of 132kw, a maximum of 300n m, a maximum of n m/l, and have a better overall performance. Its peak torque is down to 1250 rpm, which is the basis for ensuring a larger torque.
The blue whale engine uses the smart convex system, which is almost twice as fast as the normal vvt technology, and more quickly and precisely regulates engine exhausts, with the power response increasing by 50%. Finally, the blue whale engine uses double-by-trip (double turbo turbo pressure, double-export integrated exhaust) technology.
Low-emission interference also significantly improves the efficiency of turbines. Its high-efficiency water cooling and cooling, which improves cooling, heaters, continues to reduce air temperature and fires efficiently, not only improves motivation, but also contributes positively to the reduction of fuel consumption.
Figure 9: Low fuel consumption compared to engine performance in the long blue whale series 2: First, the Blue Whale platform uses long-term agile agile burning (air-guided, inside-cylinder, ultra-low-emission combustion) techniques, 350bar jets directly in super-high-pressure cylinders, with fuel particles in diameter as low as 8 micrometres, and
Second, blue whales use integrated exhaust tubes (iem) techniques to effectively recover the heat from discharge periods, increase the heating rate, and make full use of the combustion of excess energy. Once again, blue whale engines have a very high compression ratio of 13:1 compared to their own shoulder-made blue-sky engines. Finally, blue whale engines use full-variable discharges.
Oil pumps + controlled pcj+ low viscosity oil formation only reduces internal friction resistance by the lubricant system. Under three-tier high school techniques, the heat efficiency of the blue whale's 1.5t engine has increased to 40%, reaching a global level of leadership. In addition, the blue whale engine has reduced its weight by 14 kg compared to the previous generation, by 28 mm in length, and by 3.0n m/kg in weight.
3) Operation is smooth and quiet: the Chang An car is based on the Jaguar Rover, Lincoln and other professional Nvh teams, using high-impact hardware such as the Borg Warnert 123 silent chain, the German Shefler front wheel belt, the Faleaux two-quality flying wheels, reducing transmission system resonance, knock-out and sounding, and the noise of the entire vehicle is low to 60.8 db.
(4) Compatibility: Compatibility of small and medium-volume engine designs and multiple power models such as additions, mixing, etc., can be extremely aggressive. The platform can also design 1.0l-1.8l-compatible discharges, covering a wide range of power models in 48v, hev, phev, reev (incremental electric cars), and the blue whale power platform has a broader reach in the Electrification era.
Motivating Chang-Ang's car into the "Era of Power 3.0." Figure 10: Long-An-Blue Whale series powered by a total of 2.1.2. Electrodynamicity: guided by the Shangri-La programme, Chn/epa is both active and active.
The process of long-paced electrodynamicization has accelerated with double-calibration + carbon neutral pressure. Since 2018, the national double-calibration policy has been tightened, with carbon neutral/carbon peaks in 2020, and the trend towards car electricization has become definitive at the national and social levels.
Energy Co. Ltd., early deployment technology development. The company's main business is concentrated on energy-saving and new-energy vehicle core technology development, system integration design, parts manufacturing of power-driven systems, and the production, sale, etc.
The Shangri-La program specifically includes four major actions, 100 billion: the Chang-Aan Car program will be launched by 2025.
Over $100 billion has been invested in the entire new energy vehicle chain, promoting research and development and rapid strategic implementation, of which $30 billion has been invested in power batteries, $20 billion in shared, recharged facilities and services, $10 billion in new energy-specific platforms and $40 billion in new energy products.
Building on research and development resources, building on new energy modules, and providing human security for building strong research and development capabilities. 3) Partnering: Building a new energy ecosystem, integrating resources such as global excellence in capital, technology, expertise, etc., and working together across borders to develop “ecological” cooperation in the entire industrial chain.
Partners such as the Trinity Group, the 100-degree Alitten News Group and Cha Koko are working together in a variety of ways in the field of new energy sources. (4) Extreme physicality: A safe, easy, intelligent and travel experience focused on the needs of the new energy products currently on the market.
Chn (in collaboration with Huaihu, Ninde, U. Avita)/epa (Long An's own new energy technology subsidiary), both of which cover high-end to low-end full-size vehicles. Chang An autonomously develops the pa pure power platform, which is divided into three main production platforms, epa0/epa1/epa2, with different grades, and locates electric car penetration.
Micro-to-small vehicle markets to meet the basic mobility needs of users; pa1 platform to cover a compact car market that balances performance, prices and experiences; pa2 platform to cover medium-sized and higher-level vehicle markets that are more quality-oriented and personalized.
Intelligent areas and the Ninder era (power cell areas) combine to locate electric brand image promoters. Chang An provides core technology such as power drive, whole-car assembly production, application layer functions, etc., and will use the more advanced parts of the epa2 mechanical plus engineering process to create a more sophisticated and sophisticated brand image.
2.1.3. Intelligentity: In 2018, the Bei Doo Tent Plan + Smart Driver/Intelligent Flight/Intelligent Vehicle Clouds announced the launch of the Bei Doo Tent Plan, which will fully open the process of intelligent transformation.
Unites: 2) 100% voice control by 2022, class I4 smart driving products listed; 3) by 2025, a steering wheel is selected, so that it can travel safely without a driver's license. 4) By 2020, a class I3 Automated Driving Smart Open Platform was established, and by 2025, a class I4 Automated Driving Smart Open Platform was built.
The specific strategy of the Beidou Constabulary includes: Open Technological Innovation Platform + Integration of Related Resources + three main areas of in-depth layout + targeted global recruitment of intelligent talent. 1) Chang An Car works in partnership not only with Boshi, Delfort, Intel, Wahon, Gaud, Tetsu, ibm, Connect, Science and Technology Flight, Bei Doodong, Horizon, etc., more in alliance with government, communications services, etc.
Businesses, real estate companies, travel service platforms, etc., connected to high-iron, aircraft, subway, public transport formation of stereo-transport ecosystems. 2) Chang-Ang's car creates innovative mechanisms for co-development, encouraging developers to work together with the entire garage to create a database of road scenes and driving behaviour with developers and partners. 3) Bei Doo-Cong is planning smart driving, smart interaction,
The three main areas of intelligence connectivity form the Beidou Sky Constabulary Alliance and recruit leading personnel in the fields of intellectual travel, artificial intelligence, chips, high-precision maps, voice interaction, holotechnic technology. 4) The project is to build a 2,000-person development team by 2020, figure 12: Strategic layout planning for long-term intelligence.
At the organizational and talent levels, the transformation of the organizational architecture to address the intelligent transformation of "soft-defined automobiles" will enhance incentives for talent. 1) Software Technology Corporation was set up in 2019 to support the transition of Chang An to intelligence. 2) In 2020, the Global Software Center for Cars was located in Sendo International Data Valley, where it was positioned to build the largest technology in the entire Chinese car manufacturing enterprise.
Senior and middle-level employees contribute to the further development of effective incentives for company directors to attract and retain high-quality talent, to enhance the motivation of corporate directors, senior managers and other key personnel, and to effectively combine shareholder interests, public-division interests and the personal interests of the operator, with a common interest in the long-term development of the company.
Launching the 14th Five-Year Plan to accelerate the implementation of the Beidou Constabulary 2.0 project. At the Shanghai International Car Fair, 2021 Chang-Am launched the 14th Five-Year Plan and 2030 vision for the world.
2.2. Product dimensions: fuel suv/sedan product complementarities, distinctive features Chang An car in cs+uni series suv and sharp + fugitive + Eusang series mpv
The layout of the main domestic fuel vehicle market of $5.2 million, with high coverage between consumption zones from low to high. 2.2.l.suv:cs series (space-rich, high in colour) +uni series (color-high, intelligent, power-footing) Long Anv main car type cs series, covering 6-210,000 price zones, is focused on large space + beauty.
1) Phase I: Cs35, the first in the cs series (4.3m), was first launched in 2012 to capture the first round of industrial dividends in the country; then the cs75, which is more spatially and more akin to the national consumer aesthetics (4.7m), was introduced to the market to position the mainstream market in the country at $100,000 to $130,000 compact suv; in 2015, it was smaller and more positioned than cs35.
A more young cs15 (drill 4.1m) is on the market. In 2015-2017, the monthly sales of the car type reached 5-6k. 2) Phase 2: Cs55 (drivers 4.5m) of the 2017 cs series and more highly positioned cs95 (4.9m), cs55 dimensions and price positioning are between cs35 and cs75.
The sales rose rapidly, reaching 160,000 vehicles in 2018; cs95 was located at the upper end of Chang-Ann's upper end, and the large suv was pushed up to the $170,000-$220,000 brand consumption zone. 3) Phase III: in 2019, the cs series introduced the cs85 (long 4.7m) of the suv, the size and price of which ranged from cs75 to cs95, separated from the single series.
Since then, the Long Ancs series has covered small to medium-sized suv and suv-type products from 15 to 95, with a continuous breakdown of the end demand market, targeting 6-20 million dollars in different prices, young people to middle-aged households with different needs, or space or fashion tastes, with their own color + large space + strong price advantage.
Detailed analysis of the core model: cs75plus: power + space + fuel consumption parameters prevail, and technology configurations maintain industry averages. Positioned as the largest segment of the market in the country of 10-15 million yuan in the Cs75p car cut-off area of the compact suv market.
Costers suffer, with a four-fold advantage of large space + low fuel consumption + high power + high value, and sales are at the top of the industry segment market. cs35plus: endorsed with Blue Whale platform engine technology, 35p with the lowest fuel consumption of the same grade (the three-cylinder engine is used to reduce fuel consumption) and the lowest large torque speed of power indicators and industry leading adas auxiliary driving stages
Other parameters ensure that product power leads the market competition and maximizes competitiveness between the $9110,000 consumer zones.
The new owner of the future technology set-up uni series, the smarting of the fuel truck, and the increase in the sale price of the long-span autonomous bicycles. For future car consumption groups waiting after the mark 95 and after 00, the first changes were made in the vs75p and Haffh6 compact household suv markets. Unit and unik drivers are 4.5m, 4.9m, respectively.
Medium-sized suv, un series competitiveness is evidenced by: 1) colour value plus score: for appearance, un is uniquely designed for the same class of vehicles as the full-scale hmi project wisdom screen interactive layouts, ims intelligence, etc., using borderless grids and vehicle markings +vision-v + starships, auto-sensive hidden door handles
A cabin interactive system, a panorama smart voice interactive system, an enhanced view instrument navigation, etc., equipped with Sony 4-screen interactive layout with super-continuous Mobyus double screen interaction with superfast high-energy chips, 4.7s-extreme starters, with incoming greetings, call-down noises, automatic change of wind, high-speed lower-speed alerts, visual screens, fatigued driving tethers
Awakening, global hand gestures, etc., support the autopilot of the L2+, high-level APA full automatic parking, full-speed area collection, self-adas auxiliary driving functions, including cruises. 3) Accelerating power: unit carrying the Blue Whale platform 1.5t engine and a 7-speed wet bi-ional converter, heat efficiency, nvh and combined transmission efficiency are beyond Hondavr-
Joint ventures such as v. Ankoway, where power output is smooth and low. Unik uses the Blue Whale 2.0t engine and the 8at transformer box, where power performance increases, and the former McFlyson stand-up + multiple-string stand-up + full-scale rs deflator valves provide further assurance that the driving experience is smooth.
The core product advantage of the uni series ' s lead vehicle, unit, is that the Blue Whale platform has the following main drivers + industry leads the adas assistive driving level + cabin technology configuration, which is consistent with the future of the science and technology landscape with high-alignment interiors and strong product strength. unik: Continuing the unit lead technology configuration and the adas assistive driver configuration and differential appearance, the driving force is much greater.
Strong, first-time Blue Whale platform 2.0t engine with strong product performance. Figure 19: Comparison of long Anunik product strength. Figure 20: Chang An vehicle unit
(b) Figure 21: unik 2.2.2. Sedan vehicles: under the rubbing line, Happiness + sharpness + running successively, with a marked advantage in value for money, with cars of around 10,000 dollars dominated and two models cumulatively accounted for more than 90 per cent of the sales of long Autonomous Cars;
In 2006-2012, the sales of long-assed cars rose from 4,000 to 200,000, with an average of 119 per cent annually. (2) In 2012, Chang-Ang ' s car was rolled out sequentially (axis 2.7m) and a higher number of medium-sized cars were located (axis 2.8m), followed by long-sleeved and joyful changes (including Hamping v3 and v5), with the first generation of self-autonomous cars constantly pushing up the long-seditor.
Car sales rose from 220,000 to 440,000 in 2012-2015, with an annual average of 26% cagr. In comparison with the competitive Qui Li Tiho, the long-ass car, which sells its backbone, has a core competitiveness, mainly in the form of: 1) oscillation of the atmosphere, which is consistent with the aesthetic characteristics of the current congested sedan population; and the full-scale car.
Inches 4730/1820/1505 mm, axle 2,700 mm, a+ level, larger space. 2) Power is strong, with blue whale 1.4t engine, maximum output power of 158 horsepower. 3) A combination is high, official guidance is worth $7-100,000, a small minority of the same type of vehicle has a panoramic skywind window, a double screen, a mobile phone bluetooth key, and is on board for the first time in the industry.
Pm0.1 Level-one filtered guards with a stronger consumer economy and a corresponding consumer driver. 2.2.3. Other: Aoshan and v markers have two wings, and the field of entry and use has a new weight. Figure 24: Long An Oshan brand ' s main product (prices/millions)
As an independent passenger car brand under the long-ann flag, Oshan has been using a new cloud sign, logo, since 2018, to develop a new vehicle. The Oshan car is a functional vehicle for branding a “user-driven” car, pushing the client, sales end, shop.
The end, the end, the end of the vehicle, is a "four-end one," and the leading industry is proposing a service-user model for the sale of cars. With the mature supply chain system and good cost-control capabilities of the long-an-car, the O-chan brand and the long-an-v logo form a two-wing binary layout, with different market segments, and a combination of high and low positioning.
The v-mark is located in a fashion city fine car, designed from the Italian (Turin) Design Centre, known as the Designer's Cradle, where products dominate the one-two-three-line market against joint venture brands such as the general population and Toyota, while Oshan locates home use and comfort, modeled from the Japanese Design Center, where products target three-four-five-line areas and target low-end locations such as Tideda.
Brands. According to the detailed product spectrometry, Oshan contains four subvs, 5 Oshanx5, 7 Oshanx, 7 Kosapro, 70a, 80a, and 4 mpv models of Eusang Bank and Koshan, most of which are priced in low- and middle-end markets of $100,000. The Oshanx5x7 model is used to create consumer goods for low- and medium-end automobiles.
2.3. Marketing dimensions: Combining on-line, client experience with management efficiency, and off-line marketing (customer experience) with direct sales (direct delivery), supporting the full product distribution process and reducing storage and operating costs.
In the traditional model, when a car company receives funds from a dealer, the vehicle is transferred to a dealer, the dealer is connected downstream to the customer's funds, and the entire process fund is long. Through the new line-on-line approach, the funds are linked directly, effectively reducing intermediate consumption.
Increased operational efficiency. Taking into account the durable nature of the longer-cycle consumption of cars, prudent consumption requires a more intuitive line experience, and hence the need for off-line experience. In the future, the Jang is planning to create multi-form, light asset experience and information cooperation networks that maximize publicity and client experience and delivery while reducing pre-investments.
At this point, the un-incorporated product shop has started to invest. In summary, under the new marketing model, information is transmitted efficiently, money flows quickly, and logistics are available in real time.
The rest of them, including satellite shops, test shops, second-line shops, specialized shops, etc.) In the face of operating markets, such as taxis, Internet subscriptions, etc., Chang-Ann has now introduced a demonstration operation of electric taxis to speed up the construction of smart-change stations to operate vehicles as the main b-end. 3) For future upgrades, the marketing system will be updated over time and will be used as a guest in the future.
In the short term, the focus is on the creation of a broad, direct marketing system, including the brand experience centre flash shop, the joint construction of the experience shop in a coalition manner, and the construction of a product-specific area in four-s stores throughout the country, with full coverage of the local municipality, based on the permanent presence of fours stores.
3. Short-term perspective: a new product cycle is expected to bring about a strong rebound in autonomous performance
Positioning the $10-120,000 compact domestic suv market, which is currently the most competitive segment of the domestic market, and the market space is the largest. Scrutinizing the $790,000 low end sedan market, where the domestic sedan market is heavily branded, is mostly a joint-venture brand model for cars between $130,000 and above.
The new cs75plus, which has been on the market since September of last year, has made a steady breakthrough in the monthly sales, Haffh6; and then, in March of 2021, the swing has brought about a full-scale overhaul of the sale, officially going beyond Gillitho and Eunwei.
In addition, Chang Anv sets out a new model, class of uni-k, a serial number 2 driver's experience in piloting the model, has the potential to explode, and its sales are driven by: 1) Power is strong and stable: the Blue Whale platform is a full new engine, 2.0t.
Production of horsepower 233pa, with speedboxes using Aicuo 8at, with greater stability and quality assurance; 2) Appearance of young forward guards, with a much more atmospheric design of the front-face interstellar warship, with a more full view than uni-t, a motion flat steering wheel on the interior of the interior, with 12.3 inches of intermediate control and a three-screen combination instrument, better suited to young people ' s differences; 3)
Intelligent technology is configured to lead in competitive cars. With market visibility and brand influence, the un series of high end-car models are expected to contribute to a core increase in long-term self-sustained sales, effectively increasing the market share of the domestic fuel-car market.
Major vehicle models and saloon swings are expected to maintain their high sales levels since the second half of 2020, with uni becoming a core increment in the future, and with smart technology configuration features, it is expected that the market share will continue to rise in the highly competitive fuel suv market of $100,000-$20 million.
Figure 27: Change in sales of the Long Ancs series + fugitive sales, Figure 28: Long Anuni series sales and changes in sales and shares/ten thousand electric vehicle markets: low- and medium-end markets of the EPA platform ' s self-researched motor power, making electricization widespread; Chn Ping
Taiwan is a high-end market for co-operated motors, leading to a brand-up. The long-new energy self-researched pure power production platform, pa, covers the country’s mainstream car-type processing dimensions, with its main features emphasizing future sense, technology sense, and forward-guard style.
The aim of the epa platform is to make electricization more widely available, to increase penetration, and to offset national policy pressures on double points and carbon peaks. Chn platform ab goods, with long-range vehicles and high-end platforms that work with the Ninder era and China, for more than $200,000.
The core of this is to raise the weight of the Chang-Am vehicle as a whole, and to achieve an upturn in autonomous branding.
Long-term perspective: China opens smart electric ceilings for cooperation 4.1. Dotting: ict head, entry car industry 4.1.1. Organizational changes, formal entry into automobile industry
In order to create smart car solutions, China is officially in the area of smart motor vehicles. It has six sectors: transporter bg, enterprise bg, web products and solutions, cloud&aibg, ict regional organizations, and smart car solutionsbu. Automobiles are part of the Chinese-owned ict, led by Chinese wheeled director Seo.
China’s consumer bg is integrating with the smart car solution. The head of the group is China’s consumer business, Ceo. On May 19, 2021, the incumbent was removed from the Yunceo position, while the consumer’s bgceo and the new smart car solution buceo.
Figure 29: China is an organizational structure, with hard technology and auto industry genes on the backbone of the core body of the car. The CEO, Wang Jun, was formerly in the Japanese Ministry of Transport and Business, and formerly the director of the fdd product line of the Wireless Network Operations Department. Vice-President Jung has been a North Gas Group Party.
Standing Committee, General Manager of New Energy, Party Secretary, Beijing, was “China’s Ten Top Branding Officer.” Vice-President Ho Liyan was the Minister of Business in Western Europe, the President of Global Solutions in China, and the President of Business bg Solutions in China. 4.1.2. Positioning incremental parts suppliers to provide a full-store solution
Hua is an incremental component supplier in the area of smart network cars, with the objective of helping car companies build “good” cars. On the basis of a new generation of computing + communication cca structures, five major smart systems are provided: smart drivers, smart cabins, smart electrics, smart network connections, smart car clouds.
Figure 31: W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-T.
China uses computing plus communication as its core, based on a cross-area integration software framework based on cca architecture +vehiclestack, with a full set of self-researched chips, computing platforms, operating systems, sensors, and smart parts, to build five smart energy systems, including smart pods, smart drivers, smart electric power, smart car clouds, smart web links, and so on.
Smart car solution. Calculating + Communication is a core-cca architecture +vehiclestack cross-domain integration software architecture which proposes "calculation + communication" as a core cca architecture and builds a vehiclestack cross-domain integration software rack
Construction, upgrading of three main areas: communications architecture, computing hardware architecture, software architecture, and enabling upgrade of the whole e/e structure. Figure 33: Promotion of the whole structure of the vehicle 1) Upgrading of the communications structure: construction of the in-car communications structure with the TaiCym+viu regional controller.
With 3 to 5 viu, the corresponding sensors, executives, and even parts of ecu are in close contact, providing power supply, electronic security, i/o isolation, etc., connecting between viu through a high-speed cytonet ring network to ensure a complete network 2) calculation of hardware architecture upgrades: installation of smart seat area controllers cdc, intelligence over a full-car communications structure
Driving domain controllers mdc and whole car controllers vdc, jointly completing the control of entertainment, autopilot, whole car and bottom domain 3) software architecture upgrades: defining vehiclestack (the whole car-level software framework) based on the cca architecture, using service-oriented soa architecture that allows interaction between different domain controllers.
4.2.2. The neptunium chip +cdc platform + Hung Man System + smart screen product together constructs the smart-barrel program.
2.0 ghz, with a 14nm process performed by a central core international proxy. An americium 990a chip was launched in 2021, using a 7nm cdc smart cabin platform, which brings together computing platforms, software platforms, display platforms and ecosystems, interconnectivity and panorama synergies. 1) An interplugable computing platform based on a nectar module has been standardized and can be plugged in.
The interfaces can easily be upgraded to optimize life-cycle management of the central processing units. 2) Integration of speech, vision, sound, sound, and touch control, etc. in decision-making. 3) ar-hud+ car-borne wisdom screens, with a variety of advanced technologies, to achieve a clear display of in-car information. 4) hardware systems are plugged in, and the system's ecological landscape is coordinated.
Figure 35: Ecology of the smart cabin: Figure 36: Hardware partner of the smart cabin: Hos in charge of the operating system of the smart cabin, to enable hardware and software to decouple and build a prosperous application of ecology.
In response to the needs of the accommodations, the upper-level applications and the bottom hardware interface, a customized version of the engine was developed, the Hong Meng module operating system was built, software and hardware were decoupled and opened to North-South. Basic services were developed for the core capabilities of voice interaction, visual recognition, audio optimization, etc., open to upper-level applications, and support was provided for joint definition with car companies.
Open interfaces to enable partners to develop rapidly and build prosperous applications. Aar-hud+ smart screen, full new display platform for vehicle information. 1) Waft is an ar-hud technology capable of achieving a large size, high-silent display, covering three lanes, providing aar navigation without replacing windshields to eliminate the regress.
Reduction of manufacturing costs. It's already on a red flag sedan. 2) With hdr technology and more software processing algorithms for smart screens, it achieves wide-area performance and significantly reduces blue light, protects eyes, and delivers unscreened flashes through self-learning and self-regulating brightness functions.
4.2.3. The zirconium chip + mdc platform + aos system + sensor iron triangles achieve the ads smart driving program. The stunai chip provides arithmetic support for the mdc computing platform. Currently, the carai chip is largely monopolized by giants, including Tesla, Inveda, Intel.
Mid-Short 310 is a mini series with 16 tops, and is currently on the mdc610, which is the single chip with the largest ai chip in the world, and will provide computing support for the mdc platform in the future.
The new smart driver computing platform mdc810, with 400-tops computing power, has access to 16-top cameras, 12-trailcan, 8-trailer Ethernet. To this end, China has released more than 48-400-tops computing platforms with high performances that provide automatic driving and multi-scenario coverage at the level of 122-l4/5.
Standardized computing platform, compliant with volume standards. mdc can be used as a standardized computing platform. 1) Hardware can be replaced: 2) Software can be upgraded: 3) Sensors are plugged in with three main functions. 200+ strict car regulation tests have been completed, including winterization, aspicel2 security certification, network security protection capability built, and apautosar supported.
The aos operating system meets core requirements and allows smart driving systems to be developed more efficiently.
In August 2020, China released the smart driving operating system aos, which also met the core requirements of smart driving software development for ecology, car regulations, data-driven development, etc. Through a number of functional security certifications, it supported the rich ai native development library to make smart driving more efficient.
Optimized, low-time-delaying performance in the dynamic and operational environment. From auxiliary driving - > autopilot, the sensor triangle is fully upgraded. 1) Camera pixels from 2 million to > 8 million, one-way traffic from 5 to > 12; 2) laser radars from no- > 3 high-lines; 3) mm wave radars from traditional - > high
4d resolution imaging radar. Support for high-level autopilot. Sensitization of the Iron Triangle + High-Arimental Calculating Platform to help achieve the ads high-level autopilot solution.
Awareness of the iron triangle + high performance computing platform. 2) Software level, aos operating system + artificial intelligence algorithms. Multiple models achieve autopilot: 1) nca mode, prefabricated high-precision maps in the vehicle, providing Robo-taxi experience. 2)ica+ mode, without prefabricated high-precision maps, completed by self-learning to map the entire transport environment and self-structure
The experience has been similar to that of Robo-Taxi since the course of study. 3) The inelligentcruiseassist model, which produces unpredicted high-precision maps, is incapable of self-learning, has an auxiliary driving capability similar to Teslaautopilot. 4.2.4.mpower+vos operating system plus cloud service to achieve smart electric power.
A layered whole-car smart power platform to create a differentiated user experience. The bottom layer of the vdc smart power platform is made up of a multi-form power drive, vehicle charger, and chassis hardware. The second floor is a vdc computing table, the third level is full-car control os, and the upper layer is an application + cloud service.
Different suppliers provide differentiated experiences. mpower multiform power drives, including vehicle charger systems, electron controllers (mcu), battery management systems (bms), triple one power drive systems, multiple one power drive systems, and high-efficiency vehicle charge products.
1) Multipoly one power-driven system driveone, the first industry-wide super-integrated power-area solution. The power-driven system is one-size-fits-all, incorporating mcu, electric power, deceleration, dcdc, obc, pdu, bcu7 components. The size is reduced by 20%, weight is reduced by 15%. 89% Nedc is more efficient than industry by 4%, upgrades the full range and achieves
Ten minutes of charge, continued 200km. 2) High-reliability vehicle-loading system. China has integrated vehicle-borne charger systems into obc and voltage transformers (dc/dc). The power distribution unit (pdu) can be integrated with a power density of 2.4kw/l,230+ the abnormal grid model, adapted to the global grid. 3) The hecharger straight flow fast charge module. Supports 200v-1000v wide voltage.
The output range, which is less than 0.2% per year, supports the forecasted transport dimension, the remote upgrade of the ota, and reduces the cost of the wiring. 4) The end cloud battery management system monitors the health of electrical components.
Figure 44: mpower multi-form electric power system, whole-car control operating system, adapted to multiple chip suppliers. In August 2020, Hwa launched the smart car control operating system, which differs from the smart driving aos and the Hongmon module hos, the vols were originally supporting the heterogeneous multinucleics, model chemicals.
Chains, compatible with autosar. This makes the original Doecu centralized development simple and efficient and can be matched to multiple chip suppliers, including Eun Jie Pu and Eng Fui-Jing. 4.2.5. Clint chip support, smart car cloud five services to speed up the process of the new quadruption of cars
In 2019, China launched its highest-performance arm-based processor - arm-based processor based on the armv8 command set, which is the first industrial 7nm data centre arm processor for data centres, with 25% above the industry marker and 30% above the industry marker for energy efficiency.
The Chinese public cloud service market share data show that China is 14.1% in the first quarter, 15.5% in the second quarter, and 15.5% in the second quarter.
In the third quarter, 16.2 per cent, and in the fourth quarter, 17.4 per cent, continued to grow in four consecutive quarters. Five cloud service vehicles were newly quadrupled. In September 2020, China launched smart car cloud service 2.0, which included five cloud service programmes: autopilot/high-precision map/car network/ three power/v2x cloud service.
Automated cloud-driving service, which builds a data-driven closed-ring program. The octopus automatically drives the cloud, and provides a data tag service, a training service, a simulation service, three services running through autodriving development, testing, and commercial optimization throughout the life cycle.
Mobilize driving algorithms fast. 3) Simulation services effectively speed up simulation testing. Figure 47: Wa automatically drives open platforms for octopus. Figure 48: Wa automatically drives open platform structures for octopus.
High-precision map cloud service, building a national platform for high-precision dynamic map aggregation. Five major service capabilities for storage and application compliance, autopilot application support, high-precision map distribution, dynamic map data distribution and high-precision map data security, for vehicle network location applications, smart network union industrial parks, autopilot simulation/operation and autopilot services, etc.
Car-connected cloud services, innovative user service models. Car-connected cloud services, building human, vehicle, road, cloud-end “digital twin” assets, ensuring that vehicles are online in real time.
Early warning to ensure the safety of vehicles; providing consumers with a common and new business experience through ota. Three cloud services: integrating battery mechanics and data models to achieve battery safety early warning and life accuracy management. Vehicle visualization, battery failure warning, thermal out-of-control control, accurate assessment of battery health status, battery leftovers
Precision of end-of-life projections and optimisation of battery control strategies. Figure 50: Car Networking Cloud Service v2x Cloud Service, Global Perception + Global Strategic Control, Building Cloud Brains for Smart Networks and Smart Traffic. v2x
In addition to providing the basic V2x capacity, cloud services have achieved global awareness and global strategic control by providing vehicle fleet synergies, path planning, and integrated dispatching capabilities for unmanned vehicle fleets. By building open service platform capacity, they can effectively help businesses build smart network concoct ecology, accelerate the application of v2x in different scenarios, and promote smart network connections.
4.2.6. Smart network connections: 5g vehicle module +t-box+ Ether gateway +rsu to build smart network solutions that achieve high-speed in- and out-of-car connections: 1) open end-of-car, cloud smart network solutions that allow each vehicle to be permanently online and serve straight; 2) global first 2g/3g/4g/5g full-fledged
The core products are: 5g+c-v2x vehicle communications module (using 5g-band chip balong 5000), t-box, car-borne +-Tax, rsu, etc.
4.2.7. Integrated heat management systems, entering the electric smart car increment area. He-news launch in 2021, which was designed to release integrated heat management systems, two integrations, three major upgrades to address the three pains of heat pump air conditioning (many tubes and complex, poor environmental adaptive capacity and low levels of intelligence).
Integrated design: 1) effective handling of four types of heat sources, namely, battery, electric power, passenger cabin and external environment, with reasonable distribution; 2) precision to achieve precision temperature control in the crew room; 3) fine-tuning cfd simulations involving the enhancement of forward-carrying efficiency and the precision delivery wind in the crew room;
Two integrations: 1) component integration: integration of 12+ components, replacing the tubeway with a base plate; 2) control integration: presses, pumps, valve controllers integrated into the edu drive unit; 3) number of tubeways - 40%, reliability + 50%, assembly 3 major upgrades: 1) energy efficiency enhancement, 18°C ultra-low heat pump plus polar component design +edu integration design; 2) target
(b) Figure 53: Wa is an integrated heat management system 4.3. Chang An +W is working together to build ab brand for +Ninder
In November 2020, the Cheonan Car announced that it would join forces to create a new brand of high-end smart cars – the ab brand. The ab brand would bring together the advantages of the long-range cars, the Huaieng, and the Ningde, in the areas of automobile manufacturing, automobile smart solutions, and energy management ecology.
The new brand integrates strategic partner resources and operates independently. In May 2021, project ab took over the company, Mr. Anguirre, officially changed its name to Avita Technologies. According to a company announcement, Avita Technology will be fully marketed, run independently, develop independently, and work with the Changan, Huaihu, Ningde eras to create a global leading, autonomously controlled smart power network.
The three-way platform was built together, with Chang An and China, with the Nind platform, and the Nind platform, with the Nind era complemented by the Nind era, and the Chn architecture will be built with the Walled Smart Room platform cdc,
Auto-pilot domain controller adc and part of three electrical parts. 5. Joint venture: The mix is starting to work, and the Fortelle joint venture brand is starting to work. Ford: The Chinese district sales have been declining since 2017, and the world sales have been running steady.
In 2015, Ford imported six major cars into China, followed by a longer period of vacancy and a lack of continuity of new products; (b) Ford's repeated attitude towards China's strategic centre position, with resources mismatched and lost opportunities for gold development in the domestic market; and (c) Chang An.
Ford’s capacity utilization dropped sharply, unit fixed costs were high, and net profit performance was poor. Beginning in 2017, Long Anfut entered a period of adjustment: sales fell from 940,000 in 2016 to 180,000 in 2019, reaching an all-time low.
In the short term, Chang Anfort will see an upswing in domestic sales of multiple heavy-pound vehicles. In late 2018, it was introduced in combination with domestic macroeconomic warming and an increase in consumer preference for large, medium-sized, poorly diversified products, with the prospect of a steady end in the future.
Compared to the long Anfort heavy-pound Lincoln navigator, who is at the top of power performance, car size, and adas auxiliary driver configuration, the product performance is good, and future sales are expected to make a breakthrough, contributing to the important increase in the number of drivers in the long Anfort.
Figure 56: Long-Ann Lincoln Seafarer model parameters compared to Long-Annford ' s medium- and long-term perspective: strategic positioning, global market development focus. Ford headquarters plans to invest $11 billion by 2022, develop more than 40 new energy models, and launch China 2025 by the end of 2017.
In 2018, under internal reforms, Ford China was removed from Ford Asia and the Pacific, and the Chinese and North American markets were listed as two of Ford’s world’s core markets, increasing strategic positioning. In April 2019, the Ford China 2.0 strategy was launched, and it is expected that at least 30 cars, including more than 10 new energy vehicles, will be launched in the Chinese market in 2020-2023, accelerating Ford’s efforts.
China’s market is growing. China’s capacity to develop new vehicles is expected to grow steadily in 2025, and the future is expected to grow steadily for the next President Anfort’s development of the downside of Mo Armada. Since the break-up of Long Amada in 2012, the annual volume of sales has increased steadily, from 70,000 to 190,000 in 2016.
Suzuki, like Majuda, had a peak sales volume of 165,000 in 2014 and had only 11,000 in 2020, with a significant loss. It has now reached the bottom of the sales volume and is expected to rebound in the future.
In 2019, companies began to mix assets that were in a state of loss, such as Suzuki, Jiang Suzuki, Anpsa, and New Energy. The introduction of a campaign boosted the viability of the respective subsidiary and reduced its overall business drag on the public administration.
1) In 2019, the Jiang bell Holdings introduced strategic investors, and the Chang An Stock Ratio fell to 25%. 2) In 2020, the company sold the entire share of the joint venture leader, Anpsa. The company transferred 50% of the holdings of the long Anpsa stock to the BP: the buying side was the BMW fully-owned subsidiary, and the long Anpsa net asset was -520 million yuan.
With an estimated value of $3.25 billion and a value added of $3.77 billion, the long-span car will no longer hold a long-spansa share. The accumulated deficit of $2.2 billion in January-September 2019 will significantly reduce the negative impact on the performance of listed companies upon completion of the transaction.
6. Profit forecast and investment rating, based on the following core assumptions, is projected to be profitable in 2021-2023. 1) Total sales 2021-2023
The price of the car was $6.0/7.0/8 million, respectively, and a new round of improvement followed by the company’s high-end product of the unie series and the China-China-cooperative high-end branding vehicle, which was covered for the first time, giving Chang-Aan a “buy-in” rating. Global epidemic control was less advanced than expected. If the global epidemic was under control, global production would be lower than expected.
The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector has been lower than expected. The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector has been lower than expected, affecting the recovery in production and sales of the company’s back-to-back mainframe plant, and thus corporate performance.
Working with China to launch a brand-ab high-end vehicle market has shown less than expected. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.