\triangleright Shareholders' group ownership of 51% of the North West Mining Company, with a cash transfer of $4,748 million to 26% of the North West Mining Industry, and a cash replenishment of $9,318 million to the North West.
\triangleright has special reasons: first, five coal mines have started to test production, and the approved 3 million tons of coal mines have contributed just over 900,000 years and will be profitable after delivery; and second, to reflect the value of assets objectively and fairly, with 30 November 2024
Annual profits. If the above $926 million non-recurrent loss is eliminated, adjusted net profits are about $2.4 billion, compared to the Northwestern mining stock, which is rich in coal resources.
12 coal companies with 14 mining rights (including 12 mining rights and 2 prospecting rights) involving a total capacity of 61.05 million tonnes/year, of which 10 are producing mines with an authorized capacity of 3.65 million tonnes/year, mainly in the provinces of Kansai, Gansu, Shanxi, and Inner Mongolia. In recent years, North West mining production has been growing steadily, in 2022.
Wang Santian tons (annualized). Northwestern mining has 6,352 million tons of resources and 3,652 million tons of reserves available.
In 2024, the base figure is 13.6 per cent higher in the Northwestern mining energy sector after the Northwestern mining acquisitions have been completed, and the Northwestern mining coal production is increasing in size and can grow in the future.
In addition to these, there are two mining wells in progress in the construction of the tidal wells and the coal-single-span Anjiang mine, with a total authorized capacity of 10 million tonnes/year. There are two prospecting rights in the completed Mafuche mine and the Mao Jiakawa mine, with an approved capacity of 8 million 1.
Tons per year, 7 million tons per year, and the process of transferring the right to prospecting to mining is currently under way. The total future capacity of the four mines will contribute 25 million tonnes per year, with large scope for increased coal production. \triangleright
Assessment: 24q3 performance loops increased slightly and chemical industries continued to expand. Yearly, according to Chinese accounting standards, the corresponding audited deductions for non-recurring gains and losses for the target company were attributed to -2024/10/26
\triangleright 4. \triangleright. \triangleright. \triangleright. \triangleright.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.