Quarterly report issued on April 25, 2025, company Quarter 1 2025, company Quantino Energy (600188)
The realization of business income of $30.312 billion, a decrease of 23.52% from the previous year, the realization of a net return to the mother of $2.710 billion \triangleright benefits from the fall in coal prices and the significant increase in the profits of the coal industry.
In the first quarter of \triangleright, chemical production was 2.41 million tons, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year; chemical sales were 2.02 million tons, an increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year; methanol production was 1.05 million tons, a decrease of 2.2 per cent in the same year; acetic acid
Production of 279,000 tons, an increase of 13.4 per cent in the same year; production of 93,000 tons of ethyl acetic acid, a decrease in the same year, resulted in revenues of 6.3 billion yuan in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 0.7 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, the price of methanol increased by 4 per cent in the same year, while the price of acetic acid decreased by 9 per cent in the same year;
The price of ethyl acetic acid decreased by 16 per cent in the same year; the price of ethyl acetic acid decreased by 23 per cent in the same year. Cost aspects: in the first quarter of 2025, the cost of the chemical plate was $4.8 billion, a decrease of 7.1 per cent in the same year, of which the cost of methanol was $1329 per ton, a decrease of 15.9 per cent in the same year; the cost of acetic acid was 15.9 per cent.
Cost: $2212/t, 14.8 per cent lower than year-on-year; ethyl acetic acid cost: $4543/t, 17.3 per cent lower than year-on-year; hydrazine cost: $9220/t lower than year-on-year, 17.8 per cent lower; coal price benefits from the fall of the grid hub, with the company ' s coal industry achieving Māori in the first quarter of 2025, 1.46 billion yuan more than year-on-year.
The company is growing in synergy. With the company's Manfort coal mine coming into operation, \triangleright is expected to add 1.8 million tons of high-quality coal production capacity in 2025, and Xinjiang's five-year open-air mine.
In the form of Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Purchase of Equity + Cash Replenishment, $4,748 million to acquire 26 per cent of the North West Minerals, 93.18 cindasecuitiesco., Ltd.
The value of the market is only 7.69 times higher, highlighting the value of the purchase. In Beijing, the Northwest mining industry has an authorized capacity of 61.05 million tonnes per year, 36.05 million tonnes in 2024.
The sale is expected to increase the company’s profits directly through cash purchases, and is a key arrangement for the gold mine’s goal of 300 million tons of primary coal production.
Profit projections and ratings: The coal industry is still in the \triangleright period, driven by a shortage of capacity, and we expect domestic and international coal hub prices to be stable over the next three years.
Domestic production can be released, group shareholders’ high-quality assets are injected in an orderly manner and their shareholdings are deepened under state-owned reforms. Industry incentives are on the rise, and mining energy is expected to grow towards “clean energy suppliers and world-class firms.” We predict the net profits that companies will have from their parent companies in 2025-2027.
Growth space and transformation strategies for future development, and maintenance of corporate “buy-in” ratings. And expected; risk of major coal safety incidents; force majeure in the company’s asset injection process
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Finance, former Minister of Investment and Investment of Coal Industry Group II, Vice-President of Coal Mines, who has worked for years in coal production and has been involved in coal production technology management.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Environmental Technology and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.