North-West Mining Coal M&A project re-entering and implementing strategic rules The mining energy (600188) incident: On April 8, 2025, the mining energy company issued a joint transaction announcement to be paid in cash of $14,066 million
The shareholdings of Shandong Energy Group Limited, a company owned by Shandong Energy Group Ltd., hold 51 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, with $4,748 million in cash to acquire 26 per cent of the existing shareholdings in North West and $9,318 million in cash.
The Northwestern mining industry has a rich reserve of mining and coal resources, with an authorized capacity of 61.5 million tonnes/year.
There are 14 mining rights (including 12 mining rights and 2 prospecting rights), the main coal varieties include power-driven coal and coal-fired coal.
Ten thousand tons, 28.34 million tons, 286.2 million tons. In terms of resource reserves, the North West mine has 652 million tons of resources, of which 4,861 million tons are in production and construction, and 1,491 million tons are in exploitation and 3,652 million tons are in production and construction.
The mineral reserves are 2,686 million tons, and the right to prospecting is 966 million tons.
It should be noted that the decline in mining performance in the northwest in 2024 was due in particular to the fact that only 900,000 tons of production had been completed in the first year of production in five coal mines (nuclear capacity of 3 million tons), while the higher fixed costs and fees had resulted in a loss of 689 million yuan in that year; and that, in order to present an objective and fair view of the value of assets, the northwest of the country had to do so.
The mining sub-assemblies reduced their profits in 2024 by $280 million in impairment of their assets.
In addition, the North-West mining industry owns the Mafocheon and Mao Jiakawa concession projects, and is currently in the process of transferring mining rights to plan 15 million tonnes/year of production capacity. With the steady progress of the productive capacity of the stock and the incremental capacity projects, the North-West mining will become operational in the future.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. still has a lot of space.
This acquisition directly boosts the profitability of mineral energy to 300 million tons of primary coal production.
In January-November 2024, the Northwestern mining industry completed 28,62 million tons of commercial coal production, or about 20% of the 2024 coal production. Using data from the Northwestern mining industry from January-November 2024, this deal will boost the 2024 harvest and net profit margin.
12.37 per cent and 7.68 per cent of cash purchases directly increase corporate profitability. This acquisition of high-quality assets from the Tandong Energy Group, which has achieved a high-quality coal asset injection in the North-West region, is also an important step towards the goal of 300 million tons of primary coal production.
Low-cash, low-valued purchases are made and value-for-money are highlighted. This acquisition takes the form of a “buy-in equity \triangleright + cash replenishment” whereby mining energy reduces the cash payments of the acquired shares, and through
In the form of replenishments, cash flows are retained in listed companies and support the development of mining in the north-west. The difference is covered by cash for the same amount of billions. In 2025-2027, the annual net profit on mining in the north-west was promised at 8.8 times the market surplus on the energy of the minea (the price was collected on 8 April).
The purchase price for this single ton of mineral resources in the north-west is $2.88 per ton, and the purchase price for single ton canisters is $5 per ton. The purchase price for this resource is significantly lower than the average exchange rate in the primary market, highlighting the value of the acquisition.
In the future, mining energy will continue to focus on coal masters, accelerating the implementation of the 300 million-ton planning target. While \triangleright accelerates the injection of high-quality coal mine assets from areas such as north-west and inland Mongolia, to which shareholders are held, the company will be able to contribute to the project.
It will also actively access high-quality coal resources in the “core production areas” of national energy strategic bases such as Xinjiang and Xinjiang, while paying close attention to offshore mergers and acquisitions of assets such as coal and non-ferrous metals. Profit predictions and ratings: the coal industry is still in the midst of a new cycle driven by a shortage of capacity.
During the \triangleright period, we expect domestic and foreign coal hub prices to work steadily over the next three years. As intra-firm production continues to release, group shareholders’ high-quality assets are injected in an orderly manner and the country’s corporate reforms are deepened.
Industry’s incentives continue to grow, and the energy sector is expected to grow towards “clean energy suppliers and world-class businesses.” We predict that the company’s net profit share, attributed to its parent company in 2025-2027, will transform its strategy for spatial and future development by maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: short-term impact of changes in domestic and external energy policy; low-than-expected macroeconomic recovery, both domestic and foreign; risk of major coal safety incidents; force majeure of company asset injection process
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on the coal sector. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Finance, former Minister of Investment and Investment of Coal Industry Group II, Vice-President of Coal Mines, who has worked for years in coal production and has been involved in coal production technology management.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which works in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Environmental Technology and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.