Ocean River shares (002304.sz) are performing as expected, and consumption upgrades drive business acceleration. Ocean River shares released a 2016 performance flash report, yielding revenue of RMB 17.2 billion/net profit of RMB 5.8 billion.
The increase of 7.1 per cent/8.3 per cent is consistent with our projections. Income/net profits increased in the fourth quarter of 2016 by the same amount, respectively (002304.sz) (1) We estimate that the Jiangsu market increased by about 1 per cent in 2016 because the sky and sea blue markets are already in place.
The consumer goods industry in Asia and the Pacific is on average mature and has a high penetration rate. We estimate an increase in revenues in the external markets of Jiangsu.
23.6 per cent, as a result of the rapid expansion of companies in these markets, and the disclosure of the information in the report, the high demand during the spring season, as well as the high profit margins and buy-in resulting from the high demand reported on the day.
In our view, the company’s continuing marketing initiatives are beginning to work, and its strong brand image will continue to grow.
Jang. In Jiangsu, sales of the sea blue and sky blue are stable, while the markets outside Jiangsu maintain a 10-20% rate of recovery to the mid-digit level, with markets outside Jiangsu growing by more than 25%. In Jiangsu, competition has increased, and industry recovery has been slower than expected.
Ocean River shares (left axis) 1 kilometer depth 300 index (right axis)
Information can be found in the information disclosure appendix, or please contact your investment representative.
I'm the one who contributed to this report. Liao Hae Ha, cfa (002304.sz)
The Ocean River shares (00234.sz) themselves, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Liao Hae-won, cfa: a-shareconsumerurables, a section of the media, a share of food drinks, a share of Chinese consumer goods, a-shareconsumermurables: Grei Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile.a A share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River Shares, Kotai State, Cebu County old cellar, Qing Qing Qingqiao wine, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on Ocean River shares (rmb80.53) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
Manages the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.