High-end liquor, price increases + company stopover: we've recently studied the white wine industry and distribution channels, and we've studied the ocean river.
The market outside the province grew by 15% + and there was a recovery of 10% in the province. Mahoubo's microbarrel reports and channel research show that the company started raising prices completely at the end of January, with a core high-end bill.
The blues of the dream rise by 40-50%, the sea by 10% +, and the structure of the product continues to upgrade. Together with the recent launch of the "Blues of the Dreams" programme, which has a thousand-dollar value, the terminal price is 800-1000, and the price of the product is reasonable as the five grain fluids continue to raise to a thousand dollars.
A strong recovery in the industry: the high-end white liquor terminal was fully warmed back in the mid-17 spring season, and the low and high-value prices opened up the industry ceiling.
There has been no significant drop in the price of a single batch of 17-year averages between 1050 and 1150, with a marked structural upgrade, with an increase in the price of 999 increment + the use of raw wine, grass roots, studies showing that the supply of 17-year base wine (produced in 14 years) is safe.
In 16 years, the sales of Mautai were equal to +38%, with a mission completion rate of 119%, and sales +41%. A solid foundation was laid for marketing in 2017; the price of the five grains increased markedly, 739 batches started, and the overall price of the high-end liquor increased again + in volume.
The industry is clearly better than 16 years, and companies are at a turning point: the provincial market has achieved remarkable results, and the provincial market of Xinjiangsu has grown strongly. The ocean has been restructured later than the white wine industry, and has ended in 16 years.
The decline was due to 16 years of double-dips to bar codes and the company's initiative in collating sales of less than 10 million, while the company's focus on Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Zhejiang, and Shanghai's Xinjiang Sou markets became the engine of growth in corporate performance for over 16 years.
The growth of high-end products has been strong, leading to a structural upgrading of the product, and the new products of "artistic classes" have become a new light for leading high-end products.
According to research, the dream blues continued to grow at a high rate of 40-50% during the Spring and began to raise all prices at the end of January. At the same time, the other core monolithic sea and sky series remained stable, with an increase of around 10%, with annual sales expected to be completed by the end of January, according to microscopic information.
Ben, who continues to drive the upgrading of high-end white wine products. (19% growth, 21xpe), five grain fluids (16%, 17x), old cellars (24%, 22pe), for 17 years, pe is only 16 times higher, the lowest of the big white wine.
Brand+channel+management advantages, coupled with innovations such as micromolecular liquor and red wine platforms in the future.