Ocean River shares (002304.sz) (1) According to the industry media microbarrel network report of 7 February, the Ocean River shares launched the Dream Blue series of new products in early 2017 — manual classes — at prices close to your state mat and above five grain fluids. We believe that the new product is filled.
The gap between the dream blue m6 (retail prices are more than RMB 600) and the m9 (approximately RMB 2,000) reflects the company’s goal of increasing its position in high-end markets. We expect China’s high-end white market to grow by an average of 13% annually in 2016 and the current market share of the river’s shares is 4%, the same as in the first nine months of 2016.
(2) In January 2017, Ocean River shares announced an upward revision of the prices of their main products: two yuan/3 (about 1.5 per cent per cent increase) for the blues of the sea/blues of the sky; and ten yuan for the blues of the dream, reflecting the strong demand for the company’s main product. It should be noted that the company did not raise the demand last year.
Blue prices, we believe that this year’s upturn in prices reflects a recovery in the high-end white wine market and a positive corporate approach (3) According to the microbarrel network, Ocean River shares have completed a year-round marketing target of almost 50% in January. This indicates strong demand for corporate products during the spring season.
In Jiangsu province, competition has increased and the recovery of the industry has been slower than expected.
Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) Ocean River Shares: Summary of Financial Data
Liao Yung Ha, cfa Ocean River (002304.sz) 10 February 2017
The Ocean River shares (00234.sz) themselves, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the said companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary has not been, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Liao Hae-won, cfa: a-shareconsumerurables, a section of the media, a share of food drinks, a share of Chinese consumer goods, a-shareconsumermurables: Grei Electrics, American Group, Qingdao Haile.a A share of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River Shares, Kotai State, Cebu County old cellar, Qing Qing Qingqiao wine, Shanxi wine, Qingji Island beer (a), five grain fluids.
(a) The media: Au Fung Entertainment, Light Media, Caohua Cable, Hua Weihua, Blue Cursor, South-China Media, Media Division, Guangzhou, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Music Network, East Min Ju, Technology, Manda House Line, Hua Tseng. Consumer goods in China: Shun Yuan, Light Dairy Industry, Modern Pastorism, Hua Yun Start-up, Mon Niu Dai Industry, Masters ' Stock Holdings, Qingji Island Beer (h), Unity Enterprise, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, and Eli.
Statutory corporate-related disclosures Non-disclosure of specific information on Ocean River shares (rmb75.00) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
Manages the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.