Biadi depth (ii): The layout of the vehicle is improving, the power of pure electricity is mixed, the new energy vehicle is entering the golden age, and the cycle of the Biadi is resonant with the industry. On the one hand, the listing of the dm-i supermix platform will gradually take over the tradition in order to achieve parity with the fuel truck.
On the other hand, the pure electric vehicle model is based on the spread of new technologies and achieves single-car power: overall upscaling, city-to-place upswinging, and we repeat Biadi's previous performance in the pure electricity sector, as a result of policy, technology, structure, pattern, etc.
The impact of car cycle factors has led to a decline in the city’s share. The company’s construction of a new pure power platform e3.0. The company’s prices compare to the trend of 300 deep, with four features: “intelligent, efficient, safe, aesthetic” and a brand-new model based on a new platform.
It is hoped that it will continue in the second half of the year. We believe that the deployment of a completely new pure power platform, on the one hand, is expected to increase the competitiveness of the bicycle, thereby promoting the level of single car sales, and, on the other hand, to further improve the distribution of Biatti in the pure electricity sector, where companies are expected to become more resilient.
• Combining: Differences and economics are coupled with technology that sustains full-scale energy. Biadidm-p and dm-i provide consumers with differential choices, with dm-p being the dominant and dm-i being the main economic.
With large orders on the market, such as Donplus, it is hoped that the share of the fuel-car market will be further replaced. At the same time, autonomous brand-mixing technologies enter the year of eruption, and Biadi continues to have an advantage in the area of mixing, considering strategic, technological, pre-emptive, and cost considerations.
Macroeconomic growth decelerated: uncertainty about the location and implementation of policies in the automotive sector: risks such as increased competition in the car market for new energy vehicles.
Biyadi: Performance meets expectations, waiting for new vehicles 3. Biyadi: March sales have increased steadily, technology has resonance with supply and demand, and the new energy vehicle landscape has continued upwards: 2021 is the anniversary of the outbreak of the new energy supply.
Joint venture brand power, supply-side shifts towards high-end and price-neutralization, and the industry is expected to compete. We believe that new domestic power is expected to reach 2.4 million vehicles per year, and 5.01 million vehicles globally.
On the other hand, the listing of the dm-i super-mixed platform will provide a basis for the company to explore the price of the hybrid model, which will take over the traditional economy fuel truck market with the advantages of renewal, power, fuel consumption, etc.
The global market for new energy vehicles has grown year-on-year, and the domestic market has risen significantly: in 2020, the global market for new energy by car was 2.9 million vehicles, an increase of 41 per cent, in January-April 2021 1.42 million vehicles, in January-April 2021, an increase of 17 per cent, in January-April 2021, and in January-April 2021, the domestic market was on a continuous upward trend, with a volume of 680,000.
Growth of 317% in the same year. European markets are becoming more heavily emittered and more heavily subsidized by priority countries, with sales in 2020 The country's new energy vehicle landscape has recovered and its distribution structure has been polarized: in the second half of 2020, with the recovery of the domestic epidemic and the release of hot-gate models, the volume of new energy cars has been recovering, with 2021q1 new-energy automobiles.
In terms of sales structure, the share of sales of the a00-grade pure trams rose from 28% in 2020 to 39% in January-April 2021, mainly due to the increase in the monthly ratio of the Mitsubishi Mini, Ola black cat, Ben Ben and other a00-type vehicles to 30%. The main reason is that the main drivers of the new car builders are concentrated in the a+-level area, which is, uh, a, , , , , , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
As a result of the continued heat sales of vehicles like Sla, a+-level share continues to rise, while traditional car companies promote the high-endization of new energy vehicles, which continues to function in the a+-level area. Supply-side eruptions, high-endization and price equalization are on the trend: in 2021, the domestic supply side of new energy vehicles began to rise.
The multi-pound vehicle model is about to be marketed, with the following trends: (1) joint venture brand power: with the introduction of the public id series, standard joint venture brand electro-dynamics have begun to evolve (2) high end: a major autonomous brand-based mainframe, with a brand breakthrough through the high-end of new energy vehicles.
(3) Equipping: replacement of new energy vehicles for fuel vehicles by selling them at par with fuel vehicles.
A new energy vehicle, based on a exclusive pure power platform model, will have a more significant advantage than a fuel-change platform. High end: new power in car-making is gradually gaining ground at the top of the market, overturning and branding for autonomous brands.
It offers the opportunity to overturn the traffic. The main vehicle of the new, idealistic car-making power that is still concentrated in more than 250,000 areas, while traditional autonomous manufacturers are also gradually making breakthroughs in high-end markets, such as Biadehan, Gilly Krypton 001, the Great Wall Sharon, among others.
In source areas, it will be inevitable that a high-end brand will continue to be rolled out to achieve high-end overturning. Price parity: New-energy vehicles still have a price gap with traditional fuel trucks, which, for more price-sensitive economic-type consumers, will inhibit the spread of new-energy vehicles in the economy.
Autonomous brands gradually publish new technologies in the field of mixing. Dmi hybrid systems are primarily economic, minimizing fuel consumption on the basis of maximizing a sense of the advantage of new energy vehicles.
Supply and demand are resonant, and the new energy vehicle landscape continues to rise: 2021, the year of the outbreak of the new energy supply end, the shift in the power of the joint brand, the higher end of the supply to higher and flat prices, and the industry is expected to have hundreds of rivalries. We believe that the volume of new domestic vehicle sales is expected to reach 2.4 million annually, and that the world is expected to reach 5.01 million.
The company builds a new pure power platform, e3.0 with four features: "intellectual, efficient, safe, aesthetic" and a new model based on a new platform is expected to be launched in the second half of the year.
We believe that the introduction of a new pure power platform is likely to enhance the competitiveness of bicycles, thereby increasing the level of their sales, while further improving Biadi’s layout in the pure electricity sector, where companies’ sales elasticity in the pure electricity sector 2.1, redisplay: Why is Biadi’s presence in the pure electricity sector declining?
Recycled: By industry, car type, and so on, Biadi’s presence in the pure electricity sector continues to be explored. From the point of view of industry, the main player in the new energy market in the country until 2020 was the domestic brand, and after 2020, with the new drivers of Tesla, Uri, Peng, etc. launching and continuing to heat up the domestic market, the autonomous brand is pure.
By the same year, Biadi formed the Dynamite +e network’s body of vehicles. From the profit of successive models such as Won, Don, e1, e2 and e3 to the market, Biadi took the lead over the same period.
A good pure-trailer layout is a good way to compensate for the decline in the e5 and e6 models in the field of travel, which has led to a high rate of market access. In 2020, competition began to improve the pattern of cars, especially in the new power-related vehicles such as Tesla, Uri, and Peng.
But the fall in competitiveness of other pure trams led to a decline in the market share. In 2021, with the booming sale of Mitsubishi, the previous period saw a sharp rebound in the a00 market, where the company’s main a0+ market continued to fall, the company’s main a0+ market was hit, and the competitiveness of some of its older products fell, leading to a decline in the market’s share.
The two major product lines of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and b, well-placed companies for new global energy products, did not stabilize the market’s share of pure electricity in 2020, when policies and patterns changed. We believe that the main reasons are:
In the context of high-end trends in the market, the company’s dominant product, Biadehan, only started in the fourth quarter of 2020, with its main sales capacity of Biadee in 2019, has been driven by a policy of high-end tourism.
As a step-by-step tool, there is no price advantage over the a00-grade small car dollar, while there is still a difference in the useability of the won, and the embarrassment of positioning has led to a significant drop in sales. New energy cars are growing faster, and models are changing faster than markets.
The implementation of the new technology in other models has been slow, resulting in a lower level of competitiveness than that of the modeled traditional car company, which is still much better than that of the Yadi. After a long period of development, the traditional mainframe has become a much better layout, especially with the introduction of more multi-level models for the autonomous branding of the mainframe.
Markets. For example, Gilly's branded car has a much more heavily priced layout, allowing it to capture more of the breakdowns, and new energy vehicles are still in the early stages of development, so that the number of vehicles is smaller than the number of conventional fuel trucks and, at some point, they also constrain overall sales. Biadi, although better in the new energy sector, is more well-placed than in the traditional fuel sector.
In the car area, for example, there are car faults between Qinpro and Han, and in the suv area, there are faults between Yuan, Song and Tang. At the same time, there are still no car layouts at the higher end. We therefore believe that there is still a problem of vehicle deficiency in the mainstream vehicle market in Biadi, faced with the traditional fuel fuel that has been upgraded and accelerated.
Cars may be less competitive. 2.2, pick one: technological upgrading, monolith competitiveness, “knife” tricks, batteries lead new growth. Blade cells are based mainly on the lithium phosphate system, and can be used to produce a single product.
Increases volume utilization by more than 50% and lowers manufacturing costs by 30%. By plan, the single energy density in Biadi Blade Batteries was greater than 180wh/kg, system energy density increased to 160wh/kg, and volume energy density increased to 330wh/l. The Blade Battery programme was first applied in Biadi's “Han” pure electric vehicle model, the largest.
The company is now fully switching to the phosphate lithium blade battery, transferring the edge of the battery to the company’s products, and is expected to increase the output of the company’s phosphate lithium blade battery. Success is more than sales, technology and brand extension are more critical, opening a pure electrical striker corner.
The bulk of the company's technology, which has been on the market since then, opens up the starting point for a breakthrough in the company's pure electricity sector. Flagships are more than just promoting sales in the company as a whole, and more will lead to the design of the next generation of the company's model. Benz, for example, will change the design language every seven years, leading to the design trend in the automobile industry.
Among them, the car cls represents the design language of the Benz look, and the slur represents the design language of the next generation of Benz interiors. We believe that the new technology on board by Han has gained market approval, and that it is hoped that new technology and design, such as blade batteries, carbonization, silicon, dragonface 3.0, will be extended to other models, thereby driving corporate sales overall.
Chart 22 Byadihan sales (car) Builds e3.0 pure electric dedicated platforms to lay the foundation for the company ' s electric vehicle cycle. The company publishes e-plate 3.0 for the next generation of high-performance smart electric vehicles, with pre-electric power-driven systems and medium power cells.
Systems and back-up power-drive systems, supported by power-driven controls, battery control, cockpit air conditioning systems, battery heat management systems, low voltage power systems. The new platform is smart, efficient, safe, aestheticly smart: platform 3.0 has four domain controllers and autonomous research under a new electronic structure.
Using the operating system bydos, the hardware and software are decoupled and can be expanded, upgraded and fully opened. Based on this electrical and electrical architecture and bydos, electric cars will be able to provide a stronger autopilot capability, while the new functionality can be scaled up from two months to two months.
As short as two weeks, the functionality cycle is reduced by more than 70 per cent. Efficient: e-platform 3.0, key modules, smaller, lighter, more robust and less energy-intensive. Mark all new heat pump technology, power-driven system upgraded to 8-to-1 module, combined effect
The rate is more than 89%. On a platform 3.0 for e, the speed of 100% can be as fast as 2.9s, combined with a maximum extension of 1,000 km. 800v flash technology, powered by an electric vehicle for five minutes, runs 150 km. 100 km of electricity consumption is 10% lower than the same level of vehicle, followed by winter mileage.
Safety: e-platform 3.0 will be a full-blown blade battery technology. It will be integrated as a building block into an integrated body design, which will double the size of the vehicle. The model of the car, built on e-platform 3.0, will be developed in full compliance with the "super-five star" collision safety standards.
Aerobics: e-platform 3.0 with shorter forwards, longer axes, lower gravity, greater space, wind resistance (cd) can be as low as 0.21. More intelligent: a new domain-controlled electronics architecture, self-research os system with soft and hard coupling. e3.0 platform
The electronic and electrical architecture is more in line with autopilot trends. The new platform has a total of four area control systems, not for smart area control systems, left body area control systems, right body area control systems, and power area control systems.
Chart 24 is more integrated than the Adi domain control cluster: multiple one power-driven systems and self-researched heat management systems. The integration of platform 3.0 at the end of the component is reflected in the power-driven system and the integrated heat-management system. The power-driven system is based on the company's power semiconductor field.
In thermal management, the company developed an integrated thermal management system, which now consists of multiple systems of liquid cooling to an integrated system, which is replaced by heat pump air conditioners for the cooling of the cockpit and the battery system, consisting of six valves, water coolers, electromagnetic valves and a small combination of thermal management control and execution.
The control level is controlled by the bydos, which delivers the cold directly to the blade battery and the cockpit, and transmits the heat from the power-driven system, the cockpit, and the blade battery.
Voltage platform, for many years. Based on 800v fast charge technology, e-platform 3.0 is able to achieve a 5-minute fast charge of 150 km and 10-minute 300 km, with a significant increase in recharge power, promising 2.3.
Knife batteries are gradually becoming the standard, bike-competitive, and stable the sales base of the existing vehicle. The first-ever pure electric car with the company ' s blade battery has been on the market since it was introduced. The subsequent company uses the blade battery as a model that is better secured in terms of safety, on the one hand, and the price of lithium phosphate, on the other.
The advantage is to make car models based on blade batteries more price-oriented. The current Plaus series, based on blade batteries, has lower sales prices, more forward designs, and higher ranges, which will make up for old car sizes in terms of product competitiveness and hopefully stabilize existing kings.
On the other hand, the new platform will increase the competitiveness of the bicycles. On the other hand, the backbone will increase the competitiveness of the bicycles. On the other hand, the backbone will increase.
The new platform ' s product layout is expected to further refine the company ' s product lines, compensate for the current company ' s short product layout ea1: a first-car model based on the new platform, and locate a compact vehicle. ea1 is a company ' s first-car model based on the new platform.
Prices ranged from 10-15 million areas. The main competitions in the industry were wide gas aiony, Olya cat, and so forth, and the orders were more robust after the competition was placed on the market. The sales of the current aiony for two months were in the region of 2,000, with a higher target for a single month. Eura's single sales for chips, batteries, etc. were stable at 1,000-2000.
We believe that Biadeea1 is based on a new platform, and that the competitiveness of bicycles is high and a breakthrough in sales is expected. Chart 29ea1 Appearance (1) Chart 31 Aiony sales (car)
The company's brand-new model, based on a new platform, will be rolled out, and the company's model will be further refined. In it, the ek (internal code code) is located in a pure electric sedan between Qin and Han, and the ux in a pure electric suv between Song and Tang.
Biadi still has a lot of room in the layout of the car, especially the difference in the prices of the different models, and there are still large faults in the prices of the existing ones. We believe that the new platform-based model is not only more competitive in terms of production, but also, in terms of the layout of the product, better in terms of product with the introduction of the new model.
Lines, overall competitiveness is expected to go one more step. Chart 34ux parameter 3, mixed: differences are as strong as economics, technology supports full power.
Focus, dmp and dmi provide differentiated options. The core of the previous Yadi hybrid power system is more focused on performance, with higher product premiums obtained through high performance performance, thus compensating for the difference between the hybrid model and the passing fuel truck.
But pure performance products face a narrower market, and dmi’s introduction compensates for Biadi’s economic weaknesses. The dmi hybrid system is primarily economic, and will be based on maximum assurance of the advantages of new energy vehicles.
At the same time, the new dmi system, because of its more sophisticated structure, has fallen at the end of the cost, allowing the relevant model to counterbalance prices with conventional fuel trucks. dmi super-mixed: primarily economic, designed to replace traditional fuel trucks. dmi super-mixed platform economy.
Sex, based on the Dm-i super-mixed platform (Qinpus, Songpus, and Tangpus), the price of the plus series is reduced to a different degree than the same model based on dm3.0. Qinpus is a heavy-pound model based on the dmi supermixed platform.
The design language of dragonface 3.0 is a continuation of Han's design concept. At the same time, in economic terms, Qinprus proposes 55km and 120km versions, with a 100km fuel consumption of up to 3.8l, but it can still be guaranteed that 100km is within 8s. Qinpus' entry, with a pre-sale price of $1078,000, will enter the mainstream economy.
The price range for cars is 10,000 yuan, which is the price range for the mainstream economy. In the same price range, the price range for cars is at the top of the list.
We believe that, in the area of economic cars, consumers are more concerned about the performance of fuel consumption, and that the dm-i super-mixed platform is better than competitors in terms of fuel consumption, and that there is a higher degree of experience in power performance, which brings surprise to consumers today.
The company’s dmi model is well-ordered, and sales are still uphill, and the company’s dmi model is expected to continue to grow as production bottlenecks, such as batteries, ease. The year of self-mixing opens, and the autonomous brand breaks.
The Great Wall cars publish dht, Biadi disseminates dmi, and Chire distributes dht technology. The country’s dht technology is often out of the Honda immmd technique in terms of the technology’s route and system structure, but there will still be significant differences at engine, battery, electrical, and system labelling levels.
Chart 40 Hondai-mmd structure Chart 41ehs Mechanical coupling system power transfer road map Chart 42 Great Wall car dht top-up structure
The technology architecture is similar, and differences are achieved through slotting and control strategies. The three super-mixed platforms are based on structures similar to Honda immd, as the barriers to the infrastructure are not very high, so car firms differ in ranking, control strategies, etc.
(1) Great Wall car dht: The Great Wall car dht hybrid system has been improved on the foundation of the Honda immd hybrid system, using a two-speed hybrid model, i.e., a group of variable gears (g2\g3 of those two gears) that can be selected according to working conditions. From product layout, dht
The hybrid system has a total of three power sets and three power sets, including 1.5l special motor +dht100, 1.5t special engine +dht130, 1.5t special engine +dht 130 +dht 130 +p4 power units. For batteries, the phev four-drill version will be used.
It's more economical than Yadidmi: so it's more important to control costs. Structurally, Yadidmi does not use more sophisticated block-up to increase the engine's direct drive, but uses a high-efficiency hybrid plus a single-cancer facility to achieve the overall cost.
The dht system of Chirídht: Chirí's car is more complex at the structural and control level. At the structural level, dht uses a three-stage bipolymers and binoculars-driven structure that can better balance fuel economy and power.
Biadi continues to have advantages in the area of mixing. In terms of strategy, technology, prior advantage, cost, and so on, Biadi continues to have advantages in the area of mixing.
Strategy: Green behavior is smaller than Yadi’s strategy for future development, with companies positioning dmi products as replacement fuel trucks, while Yadi’s main vehicle is a new energy vehicle, with a smaller burden at the level of new energy transformation and therefore a larger proportion of inputs than Yady’s input in new energy.
Technology: The base structure of the dht mixing system is similar, and differences and advantages are mainly reflected in differences in the performance and control strategies of key components. The differences in common technologies are reflected mainly in differences in key components such as engines, electric machines, batteries, etc.
While it is clear that high-powered blade cells dedicated to hybrid platforms are the advantage of the Biadi hybrid platform, the heat efficiency of the Biadi hybrid engine is also at the forefront of the industry (3) pre-emptively: Biadidmi is the first-produced super-mixed platform with a pre-emptive advantage.
Cost: dmi positioning economy, which is intended to replace traditional fuel trucks, is easier and less costly than competitive structures. Lower costs mean dmi has a wider audience.
(1) New energy cars: By the year 2021, Biadi entered a powerful cycle. On the one hand, a double breakthrough between a pure tram and a perfect car layout; on the other hand, the market for a dm-i supermix platform will provide a price-deep basis for a company to mix a car, plus series based on continuity, power, fuel consumption.
We expect that 2021-2023 will be the year when the company's new energy source will take advantage of (2) the traditional car: the company will actively promote a strategy of electricization that will gradually reduce the investment of resources in the traditional fuel vehicle sector, so we assume that the company's traditional fuel vehicle will become a phase-down trend. The company's traditional fuel vehicle is expected to contract.
Valuation analysis: three major industries, namely automobiles, electronics, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, owned under the Biadi flag, are therefore more reasonable to use a segment valuation method. (1) Automobiles: Biadi is a leading domestic new energy car company, with more than 50 per cent of the automobile business coming in.
New-energy-based automobile companies around the world, including new forces such as Tesla, Uri, Peng, Ideas, etc., as well as companies such as the North Gas Blue Valley, we use them to deal with new-energy cars in Biadi.
Source car development is still at an early stage, and most of the new forces are in a state of loss, so we use the ps for valuation. (2) Electronics: we use the Port Equity Biade for valuation.
(3) Power Batteries: Biadi is the country’s second-largest power cell delivery company, and, with a target point for the Triangular Company, will be gradually opened to the outside world, with a larger margin of marginal change. This can be valued in the light of the Ninder era. We expect Biadi to supply it in 2025.
The volume of battery delivery is expected to reach Ninder 1/4. (4) Biadi semiconductor: Biadi semiconductor is core competitive in areas such as igbt, and will be split up and open to the outside world.
Reference is made to the value of the approximation of the company ' s new energy vehicle against the company ' s 2021 ps of 11x: the traditional car against the firm 2021 ps of 2x of 2021. Biadi entered the product cycle in 2021, with pure electricity, boosting the power of the vehicle and improving the layout of the vehicle, resulting in a rapid increase in the sales of the new car through dmi.
The macroeconomic growth has slowed down. Increased domestic and foreign uncertainties could lead to lower demand for cars, and a much lower than expected increase in the volume of the automobile industry.
There is uncertainty about the location and implementation of automobile sector policies. As previous acquisition tax preferences retreated, new stimulus policies, including specific rules to stimulate car consumption and ease the entry of pickups into the city, have yet to be announced, and
There is uncertainty about the impact of the policy stimulus. Competition in the new energy car market has increased.
At the risk of loss of profits as a result of the fall in subsidies, the Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group covers the electricity and automobile industries, Song Weigen: five years of experience in the automobile industry, a Master’s degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years’ experience in lithium electricity research, covering the lithium electricity industry. Teen Fei: four years of research experience in industrial design and voucher industry, Master of Financial Studies in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.