One sedan: Xu Liuping is here to open up the group's reform scene Xu Xu Qianping has a lot of moves after the chairman of any group, adjusts the structure, and integrates the group's resources to make it bigger.
A strong, autonomous brand; intensive adjustment of personnel, appointment of talent, full-time competition to stimulate staff dynamism; transfer of a steamed shali stock, removal of heavy burdens, and resolution of competition among peers, laying the foundation for the overall listing of a steam group. The sharpness of the method, and the great impact of the change of command, is gradually being demonstrated.
On the way, Xu Yuping’s transfer is expected to accelerate the overall listing process of the one-gas group, focusing on recommending a car. China’s First Automobile Group’s party secretary and chairman, Xu Liuping, has been in the middle of less than two months.
Significant adjustments. A stock holding a stock exchange will change after the transfer of the shareholding is completed. A stock holding the stock is suspended on 8 September 2017 and a notice has recently been issued that it is intended to transfer the share of the share of the stock to the recipient by a public call for the transfer of the share.
Xu Liu Ping, working in Chang'an for 12 years to raise the scale of his autonomous branding, has made a significant difference, and less than two months after this move, he made a clear proposal to speed up the development of his own brand.
Group-building becomes the “national first, world-class” automobile enterprise. On the organizational side, one-voltage group general. Markets may understate the impact of this rotation. Department 2017.08.07 will directly run red flag brands, run the Benteng business, liberate the business, form the entire value chain.
Functional closure, elimination of a steam technology centre, group integration of R & D resources, integration of R & D into the market.
Rejuvenation of the group is time-consuming and task-intensive, especially on the two major autonomous brands of red flags and running, requiring teams with mature operational experience and fully motivated staff.
Qualifying in portfolio advisory business, leading to full-time competitive selection of talent, and increasing the correlation between remuneration and performance
It also reflects the ambition of one group to focus on autonomous brands and rebuild one group. Focusing on the impact of a change of command, one group is on the way to reform.
One saloon, stripped of its red flag assets, light-loaded, the increase in sales of Mateda-type Atz and Cx-4 and the launch of Bentex 40, led to company losses in 2017.
The issue of competition is also laying the groundwork for the integration of a group into reform and overall listing. The big impact of a change in style (8621) 20328596 is gradually emerging, and Xu Liuping’s transfer is expected to accelerate the overall listing of a group.
With the new product cycle entering the year, performance is expected to increase significantly, taking into account the fact that about 90 per cent of the group is profited by a single mass contribution, and that business segments tend to be better, with the total market value of the future group being listed 1) and the overall listing process of the group being less than expected;
2) Reform of a steaming group after a change of appearance is not as strong as expected, with the clear goal of creating a “national first” car company, with the benefit of the suv boom, the Great Wall's auto, wide-bang, upper-bond brands, and so on, but...
In recent years, the autonomous branding of one group has been in a deep state, with a sharp decline in sales and a loss. The number of people contributing more than half of the sales to one group and more than 90% of the profits of a single group has increased by only 0.5% in January-July because of the lack of a suv model.
The first thing that Xu will do when he comes into office is to set a clear goal and revive morale. Xu Xu Xu Qui Ping has repeatedly made clear, both internally and in public meetings, that he wants to create a corporate vision for a “first country, first world” car company, to speed up the development of his own brand, and to revive his first car, first brand.
The plate, the red flag brand, will be its main line of action. By the end of the first wave group, a new style will be displayed, with a public sales increase of 11.5% in August, well above the industry average of 4.1%.
As the head of the new Chinese automobile industry, after decades of growth, one-gas groups have accumulated in technology, finance, and talent. But one-roll autonomous R & D is spread out among several branches, subsidiaries, such as the Group Technology Centre, a car, a car, and a saloon.
The division (a car and a car, a charlie) assumes a major responsibility for autonomous brand development, is under-funded and under-staffed, and the group’s research and development is out of touch with the market and does not meet consumer demand. To re-energize an autonomous brand, it needs to be structured, invested, integrated with market demand, and focused on resources.
On September 18th, 2017, the group held a meeting to mobilize for further reform and make a major change in the organizational structure. In the organizational structure, the group will set up the Bentam, Liberation, and the two departments will be functionally closed to the entire value chain (research and marketing) and will act as a separate budget and a separate budget.
At the same time, a steam group will set up three research institutes that will report directly to the chairman of the consortium. One gas group will also integrate the R & D sector, with Benteng’s Department building a Bentuan Development Unit.
The new Penthouse will integrate, by profession, the current technology centre with the current car development department of a car company, without red flags, with the intention of changing the fragmented and synergistic situation of the group’s subsidiaries and R & D sectors.
Figure 3. Bentley's main structure, which was suspended on September 8, 2017, announced on the night of September 21 that a stock stock was intended to be transferred by agreement in the form of a public call for the transfer of a share of the share of the share of the stock of Shali, which, upon completion of the transfer of the share, was to be transferred by means of an agreement between the recipient parties.
The controlling shareholders will change. A single stock has decided to transfer a single Shari’s share, to remove the heavy burden, to solve the problems of peer competition, and to lay the foundation for a group to integrate reforms and to market as a whole.
On September 8th, the group announced that it would transfer more than 20 people to the red flag brand for three years. On September 18th, it announced that the general director, Zhang Jing Jie, would transfer the chief of the group's procurement department to be responsible for the red flag procurement business.
The Deputy Secretary of the Disciplinary Commission, Liu Yakwo, will take over; the General Manager of a car, Hu Jing, will transfer the director of the strategic management department of any of the groups, and the Minister of Planning of the former one group, to the head of the capital office in Kyoto.
In line with the Steam Group Personnel Reform Programme, this personnel adjustment covers a wide range of personnel changes, in addition to senior leadership, and is based on the following principles:
The average employee also has to compete for appointment, the minister or vice-minister to serve as a jury, and will complete, within five days, the adjustment of the recruitment of more than 8,000 employees, with a clear appraisal mechanism to increase pay-per-performance linkage. Revitalization of the Steam Group is time-consuming and heavy, especially on the two autonomous brands of red flags and running.
Building teams with mature operating experience and motivation to fully mobilize staff. Selecting talent in a variety of ways, with increased pay-to-performance alignment, is conducive to greater productivity, staff dynamism, and reflects the interest of one-size-fits-all group in the importance of autonomous branding and the ambition of rebuilding one-size-fits-all group.
Figure 4. Group I personnel reform programme and schedule: Xu Liuping has been in office for less than two months, one group has been active, the organizational structure has been re-engineered, Ben has been strengthened, the brand has been built and the red flag has been built.
Xu Yuping’s transfer is expected to speed up the overall listing process of a single group, which in the future can only be filled with a car or ipo. As a crowd enters the new product cycle in 2018, it will perform.
Looking forward to a significant increase, given that a public contribution is about 90 per cent of the profits of a group, the pace of the reform of the future is clearly accelerating as soon as Xu Quixiang moves on.
Upper Steam Group (600104.ch/KWD30.46, bought) Wide Steam Group (601238.ch/KWD27.21, held) All figures in this report are rounded