A car with a slightly lower performance than expected, and state-owned reforms are expected to accelerate, the company released its semi-annual report in 2017, generating business income of $13.4 billion in the first half of the year, which is a year-on-year increase.
57.8%; the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company was $270 million, with a loss of $830 million for the same period the previous year; The basic gain per share was $0.17, which is slightly lower than we expected. The company’s operating income increased significantly, and the car’s season will improve.
Brands and promotion of a steam reform are expected to speed up the corporate listing process. We have revised the corporate dollar downwards, giving 30-fold 18-year market gain, taking into account the rebound in corporate performance and the expectation of state-owned reform, and selling it brightly, with performance hitting the bottom.
Red flag assets have been removed, and performance has been low. Since 2017, Madax-4 has combined a monthly vehicle with the new Atz, the company has been selling 111,000 vehicles in the first half of the year, with a 37.8 per cent increase in the same year, which has led to a significant increase in corporate income and a reversal of losses.
The company’s profit potential is expected to improve in the second half of the year as cars arrive during the season. Focusing on the impact of the change of command, state-owned reforms are expected to accelerate.
Xu Liuping, after taking office, has made clear his commitment to building an autonomous brand, continuing joint ventures, and emphasizing the need to move forward with a full-scale reform of state-owned enterprises.
The Chang-An car has become the first self-employed car brand to sell more than a million dollars, demonstrating its ability to re-energize a steam. Re-energized steam requires a concentrated effort, and Xu Liu-ping’s transfer is expected to accelerate the overall listing process of the group, in terms of the cooperation and status of the former ones, the A-bonds and the East Wind Cars.
The combination of the two will become a reality. 1) Reform of the Stewardship Group is not as strong as expected; 2) The Steam Group as a whole is not on the market.
Dollar, 0.53 and 0.57, taking into account the rebound in corporate performance and the expectation of state reform, to car: car full