Launch of the Eurasia release, “New Flag” of the National Production Operating System, December 06, 2022.
The server operating system is available. The speed of the development of the Opneuler is expected to be an important factor in the creation of the industry.
An open-source operating system at the enterprise level. An open-source operating system with an kernel derived from linux, which supports thugs and a variety of other processors, can fully release the potential of computing chips. At the same time, an open-source community for global operating systems, working with communities to build innovative platforms.
The construction of an operating system that supports multiprocessor architecture, uniformity and openness and promotes the ecological prosperity of hardware and software applications. 1) The load is constantly increasing: according to the data of the Chinese official network, Sadie's consultant, the number of installed units in 2021 has reached 1.02 million, of which 527,000 are equipped with physical machines and 527,000 are equipped with commercial distribution plates.
Up to 345,000 units; on November 9, 2022, China, Vice-President of the company and President of the Calculating Product Line, Duntaire, stated at the “2022 All Connecting Congress” that the cumulative capacity of the Oula operating system currently amounted to 2.45 million units. On this basis (cf. Sadie's consultant data), the load was installed in the first 11 months of 2022.
On that day, the community of Ora already has nearly a million community users, contributing more than 12,000 people. We believe that Ora, thanks to his own technological advantages and ecological improvements, is expected to play a bigger role in the future, especially in the field.
On \triangleright day, the company launched the Open Source Ora Server Operating System release, which was tested for compatibility with the open-source community technology of the open-sourcer, and was certified in the open-source technology evaluation.
Open-source Ora server operating system release, known as isoftstoneerpriselinux. 1. Soft Power (301236.sz) In-depth report: Hand-in-hand, carrying the new flag of the national production operating system (2022/11/10).
The company itself continues to grow deep in the area of credit creation, which is currently being laid out in the areas of credit-for-trust counselling, basic hardware, basic software, cloud platforms, applications, and information security. This launch of the Eurasia operating system has brought together the technological build-up and achievements of the company in basic software for the benefit of the company’s joint ecological partners.
Future commercialization exploration, digitalization and value enhancement enhances firms’ competitiveness in the area of credit creation. Following the collaboration with China in Hong Kong and the release of the marketing and transport software, the company has made new progress in the area of Ora, suggesting that the company and China have also deepened their cooperation and are expected to become more successful in the future.
Investment advice: the company is a leading national in the IT field, with its traditional business growing steadily, and its deep layout opens up the space for growth. At the same time, the company’s grip on the big trend is likely to turn into a career.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.