The company’s profits are at the previous median performance forecast level and are largely in line with expectations.
Market value in circulation (millions): The impact of this slowdown in spending, de-stocking, and other factors, as well as declining income and profits throughout the year. But the impact of a fall in performance was more pronounced at the beginning of the year, and after the second quarter, the company further optimized its operations.
Improved layout, risk resistance; at the same time, company sales earnings and net profits have risen steadily over the quarter due to the heating of 100 g product demand, 400 g product volumes, bulk delivery of 5g products, etc. 2019q4 achieved income of 1,474 million yuan, an increase of 86.15 per cent over the same period, and the ring 18,01 per cent over the same period;
Realization of a net profit of 155 million yuan, a 9.15 per cent increase in the same year, a 2.65 per cent increase in the ring, a one-quarter decline in income, an impact on the overall profit level of the company, a smaller decline in single profits in Suzhou, a depreciation on the value added for the assessment of fixed and intangible assets in Suzhou, recognized at the time of the reorganization.
amortization, reducing the net profits of the company by approximately $4.216 million. The third-party company originally owned by the parent company has a long-term interest of $10,000, the intangible assets of middle-aged intelligence, and a net gain of $23.801 million on the impact of the impairment of fixed assets.
This led to a net profit reduction of $11,563.2 million in corporate consolidation. At the same time, the recognition of equity incentive costs led to the acquisition of a rich product, a solid growth base of 5g + 400g, and a solid growth base of $9.12 million, totalling approximately $39.5 million.
"Study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Midmiddle Creatures (300308), three quarters of 2019, 10% less than the previous year, with a drop of less than the parent company.
5g: Against a background of steady growth, the pace of construction of 5g is expected to accelerate, leading to a high rate of telecom markets, and the epidemic has led to macroeconomic pressure, the Ministry of Trade and Communications has stressed the need to accelerate the construction of 5g.
Instead of building a network of independent groups to make the most of the positive impact of building 5g on “stable investment” and driving the industrial chain. By 2020, the country’s 5g construction began to grow in volume, thus driving the telecommunications market to a very high level.
From 2015 onwards, Wrestling has taken the lead in the development of 5g light module products, and has now developed a comprehensive series of 5g-based station light module products covering the front, center and back. In the pre-fiveg module, companies have obtained a good share and orders, while the middle and return product is also active in the equipment vendor.
The bidding process is expected to continue in the field of forward transmission. Quantum: 100g demand is warming, 400g is starting to release, and capital spending by North American cloud service providers has been warming since 2019q2, bringing back 100g demand.
Levels. At the same time, 400g is beginning to release, with a projected 800,000 global shipments in 2020, and companies continue to maintain the advantage of the 100g-era full-light module tap, gaining a market share ahead of competitors, and hopefully returning to the 100g-year high growth.
• Investment advice and profit projections. In the context of the continued increase in the global light module market, the company will go into 5g and 400g double-drive 5g below expectations, 400g below expectations, 100g above expectations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.