q4 performance is steadily up, 400g catalyzing and de-stocking are down, and 23st of the year 2020 will continue to hold the leading lead.
Research assistant Yao Jiuhua : On 23 January, Mid-Kinji launched a performance announcement, with net profits attributable to public sector shareholders in the public sector for the entire year 2019 amounting to 490 million yuan - 540 million yuan, a decline of 14.14 per cent - 22.17 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
▪ A slightly lower than expected but steady upturn in performance as a result of the slowdown in capital spending and de-stocking: throughout the year, the downside impact was more pronounced at the beginning of the year, the company further optimized its layout after the second quarter to enhance its resilience to the wind, and sales revenue and net profits recovered steadily during the quarter. We believe that the four-quarter order situation is steadily improving.
In addition, the recognition, depreciation, amortization and impairment of equity incentive costs resulted in a reduction of the company’s combined net profit by about $200 million; non-recurrent gains and losses, such as government subsidies, by about $80 million, had an impact on performance in 2019.
▪ Warm start-up of all products, bulk delivery of 5g products, leading the way through industry cycle: mid-to-life stifling of 2019h2 returns, business-to-business 100g, stock-to-impact phase-out, 400g product demand, companies with a strong lead delivery capacity
In terms of telecommunications, the benefits are 5g in the heat period, 25g in the pre-light module market, upgrading the company’s position in the domestic telecommunications market, and helping the company through the product upgrading cycle in tandem with the two products. The power of R & D is the light module industry.
The core competitiveness of domestic firms, the continued increase in investment in digital and telecommunications products, the 400-g warming of the luminous module industry, and the emergence of interstellar creation as industry leaders deserve particular attention: according to traffic eruptions stimulating the idc construction, Cisco predicts that the number of mega-data centres worldwide will
In 2016, 338 increased to 628 in 2021, with a combined annual growth rate of 13 per cent. In China, the National Industrial Information Network projects that the global market size for light modules will be maintained at a higher rate in 2019-2021, with the net profit ring rising and the Maori rate remaining stable.
Growth, in the order of $59.4, 69.12, and $7.476 billion. We believe that the creation of the center-to-middle Quantue is determined to benefit from an increased demand for 5g network-building, which will take the lead and continue to benefit from the significant development of the module industry.
Keep looking at the potential for future growth.
Expectations; RMB exchange rate fluctuations risk; potential for further escalation of trade friction between Central America and the United States; Light model: benefit of 400g light module demand, matching the 5g tide, accompanying industry development
Continuing Growth 2019-07-09 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board