On February 14, 2020, the company announced that it intended to buy a cash-based share of the technology in Doo Han.
The company is limited to not less than 51 per cent of its shares, and the overall value of the company is tentatively estimated at $571.5 million.
Founded in 2009, early products were dominated by photovoltaic component products, which were then gradually extended to chip wrapping operations, photovoltaic module operations, where companies now have product coverage in the areas of osa, sequestering connection, telecommunications and digital connectivity. As of June 2019, the total stock of storage technology was 577 million net capital.
The Department’s major clients are affected by the United States export ban; second, the 5g market is expected to attract new capital, and the entry and expansion of former manufacturers have increased competition in the market and the prices of traditional products have increased.
Third, the cost of amortization of fixed assets has increased significantly. In the first half of 2019, the company S.I.S.S.S.S.C.S.S.R.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.T. (300308), tri-quarter 2019: Performance Rings have gradually improved, and the industry's landscape is turning upwards.
Products complement each other, markets complement each other, and market competitiveness is enhanced. Creativity and storage technology are the same as light communication, but in the direction of R & D and production of the main products.
The National Dollar Securities Corporation Study - Middle Credential (300308), for the first time, covered the areas of production, product applications, client groups, market regions, etc., with different emphasis on the supply chain, with a heavy focus on the bottom of inventory impact elimination performance recognition, 400 g and 5g driven
Together, the integration of two enterprises in the same industry can create synergies between two enterprises in technological progress, sharing of customer resources, high future growth, 2019.09.26 Scaled delivery capacity, cost control, increased market occupancy, supply chain integration, etc.
It should further enhance the company’s ability to compete in the global data centre and telecommunications light module market.
Science and technology products include the OSa series, to components and light modules, but low-speed products are relatively high. Light module products cover the fields of pon, telecommunications and digital access, and programme validation and delivery of products such as 25g, 100g etc. are being strengthened.
At the regional level, the company has been active in expanding the market in the face of the huge opportunities presented by the construction of 5g. The technology is focused on the telecommunications market, which is also well organized, with customers covering the country.
With more than 95% of the revenue from the domestic market, equipment providers and foreign lumino-module companies have been able to grow up on a 5g and 400g scale, generating huge demand for luminous modules.
A comprehensive series of 5-g-based station light product series has been developed. In the 5g pre-light module, companies have obtained a good share and orders, while in the case of inter-mission and re-transmission products, they are actively involved in bidding for equipment vendors and are expected to continue in the field of forward transmission.
400g: Starting in the second half of 2019, 400g demand from major clients began to rise, with an expected outbreak in 2020, with a projected 800,000 global shipments, companies continuing their 100g leadership status, 100g to stock closure, major vendor demand restarting, 400g to be released, and 5g base stations to be added on a large scale.
The build-led light module needs to be scaled up, and the company’s performance will enter a period of rapid growth after the 2019 downturn. The expected 5g is less than expected, and competition in 400g industries has intensified. Figure 3: Stockholding stock ratios, Māori ratios, net interest rates
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.