The strategy is to complete the telecommunications market layout, and on 16th of February, 2020, we built a two-telecom pipeline.
Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua: On February 14th, an announcement was issued to sign a framework agreement with 29 traders on the transfer of shares of Chengdu Harbour Technology Company Ltd. to acquire 56.00% of shares of the stock of the stock of Han Technology.
The purchase was tentatively priced in the amount of RMB 572 million, as agreed in the official transaction documents.  The industrial chain is complete, cost-control capabilities are good, and industry leads are well divided: Chengdu Han was established in November 2009 to cover operations such as envelopes, light assemblies and low-speed light modules, in the light.
In this area, the design, sealing and production of products are at the forefront; in light modules, increased input of product lines, increased production capacity reserves, and 63.34% more output in 2018 than in the previous year. Based on good control over the cost of low- and medium-end products, companies demonstrate profitability.
• Medium-to-low-end production capacity to help create the layout of the telecommunications market: Medium-to-Treasure and Chengdu-Han-Han-Han-Han-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Si-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Ki-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si
Triplexer, olt, onu, and other low-speed products, while focusing on the completion of light modules in the combo pon, 10gepononu/olt, 10ggpononu/olt series
Synergy has been significant, with medium- and low-end capacity to help middle- and middle-end capacity to create a telecommunications market layout.
In our view, Chengdu's savings as fine 1, "Middle Xin" (300308), q4 industry.
It is hoped that by taking the lead in the industry and bringing important customer resources to the telecommunications market for mid-to-secondary revolutions, there will be a steady recovery in mid-to-medium performance, with 400g catalytic and de-banking, and rapid growth of Xinjiang into telecommunications numbers as two taps.
With the fall, the number-to-the-team lead will continue to hold. 2020-01-23  Cost-control advantages are significant, contributing to a sustained high performance: by 2019, Chengdu had saved his life.
2. Mid-Stock (300308): Introduction of self-researched and upgraded photo-electric equipment for automated production, building of automated production platforms covering key processes, upgrading of product quality, consistency and productivity, currently in a capital stock
The net profit margin has risen and the Maori rate has remained stable.
With a strong competitive advantage, automated technology is at the forefront of the domestic industry. I keep looking at the potential for future growth.
It will also help to keep the middle-and-middle-and-field performance high. 3, Middle-and-middle-and-field (300308), the light-models drive robust growth and market entry.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.