Lee Tianfan is planning to acquire the technology to expand the distribution of telecommunications.
A framework agreement for the acquisition of shares announced by the company, to be acquired as part of the total or a share price (2020/2/20) of the T.S.A. Ltd. (no less than 51%) for 27 natural persons, including Wang Yong, and two companies,
Mid-Sandung Technology is based on the telecommunications market and has a full chain of light appliances industry: Haran Technology was established in 2009.
In November of this year, based on the telecommunications market, operations covered the development and production of optical appliances and light modules, and the production and containment of chips, the main products of which are the osa, 10g, 25g modules, etc., used in the fields of fixed network access, telecommunications, and data communications.
Photoelectric components accounted for about 85 per cent of total revenue in 2018, with a 63.34 per cent increase in light module production over the same period. Harhan technology is dominated by domestic sales, with customers covering manufacturers of mainstream telecommunications equipment such as China and Central Hing, achieving operating income of $261 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 35.16 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit.
Han technology has a significant advantage in low-cost manufacturing, and production capacity continues to expand: it has the capacity to develop its own automated production equipment for optical appliances, and it has built a platform for automated production of optical appliances covering key processes at lower costs than its peers.
Combining of products 3 million units per month produced in 2018, to 23.4 million units per year.
The Division has initiated a new round of technological adaptations, which are expected to result in a significant increase in capacity, and it is expected that the g-light module will produce 50 million units per year, significantly increasing the capacity of companies to deliver large volumes.
10g/40g light module Acquisition of storage technology to complement advantage and enhance competitiveness in the field of intermediate telecommunication: middle treasuries Automated production lines
There is a convergence between the supply chain and the focus on the R&D orientation of the main products, manufacturing, product applications, customer groups, single/multi-processed machines, market regions, etc.
Field high-speed light module products, dominated by North American customers, and storage technology based on the field of domestic telecommunications.
Co-benefits such as sharing of customer resources, scalable delivery capacity, cost control, increased market access, and integration of supply chains have helped to reduce the manufacturing costs of middle-life shocks, further enhance the competitiveness of the Division in the telecommunication light module market, and create a two-pronged front line in the area of “Telecom + Telecommunications”.
Performance rebounds and demand for products recovers: Intermediary forecast of net return profits of $485 million - $535 million in 2019, a 14.14 per cent ~ 22.17 per cent reduction for yoy; of these, 4q net return returns and net profit falls on the same basis.
The profit quarterly rounder is gradually improving. The median net profit for the single quarter of 4q is $152 million, a 7.04 per cent increase over the same period. The increase is positive and is significantly better than 2q (36.26 per cent) and 3q (-8.51 per cent), mainly because the company benefits from the recovery of 100g product demand and 400g product rotation by optimizing the business layout.
Starting volume, mass delivery of 5g products, etc. The expected warming of demand for light module products will have a significant impact on the company’s annual performance, and there is uncertainty about whether the final agreement will be reached. We maintain a profit forecast for the commons, with companies expected to realize net profits of $865 million in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
This report is prepared by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A certificate of interest (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be used as a proof of the description in the report; @ by holding an opinion or standing, or by buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report. A certificate of gain (Hong Kong) and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others.  This report ... is not used as a means of selling or facilitating the transaction of the certificate referred to in the report.