Midsummit is going to buy a stock of technology events in the field of telecommunications to supplement the market and help the company operate with a lot of flowers on February 16th, 2020.
Wei Hongmei, on February 14th, 2020, IAC issued an announcement on the signing of the framework agreement on the acquisition of shares.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the subject company”) is limited to all or part of its shares (and ultimately not less than 51 per cent).2 On 14 February 2020, the company and Wang Yong signed a Framework Agreement on Transfers of Stock in Chengdu Han Technology, Ltd., signed by 29 other parties to the transaction, all of which are shareholders of the subject company,
Research assistant: As of the date of the signing of the Framework Agreement, it holds 56.0044% of the shares of the company to which it is subject.
It was established in November 2009 and listed on the new three boards in February 2015, but it was removed from the new three boards at the end of October 2019. It is based on the telecommunications market and covers both optical appliances and light module research.
The main products are Bosa, Trisa, 10g, 25g light, etc., which are widely used in telecommunications, data communications, cable television, security surveillance, industrial control, electricity, communications, orbital traffic, and high-resolution video.
The vertical integration of the industrial chain, a differentiated product programme for users, a process manufacturing programme, a cost programme, and an industrial advantage for optical appliances. In addition, storage technology has increased research and development inputs for new products and automated production equipment through process improvements for optical appliances and increased automation of production equipment.
The acquisition of storage technology will enhance the competitiveness of the middle-to-end telecommunications market. The middle-to-end market has a certain advantage, with the main product being the luminous module, and the use of the scene as a data centre.
Some progress has been made in the telecommunications market, in which the pre-five-g luminous module is in the process of being validated in bulk, medium and backlight modules, but companies are less competitive in the telecommunications market than in the digital market. This acquisition will help companies to become more competitive in the telecommunications market, in the form of telecommunication luminous module products.
Synergy, thereby increasing the company’s share in the telecommunications market. Moreover, the self-motivated production capacity available in storage technology will help to reduce the company’s manufacturing costs, which will be one of the positive weapons for companies to deal with falling prices for their products.
Investment advice: maintain a prudential recommended rating. According to the middle-breaking announcement, the acquisition is still in the initial stages of preparation, and there is still considerable uncertainty. So, we maintain a profit forecast for the company, and we say, "Tops are well-placed."
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.