In 2021, a mid-point evaluation was reported: the switch, the coil-type products were up, the research assistant Chai Kahui h1 received +31.01 per cent of the year, and the mother ' s net profit was +23.54 per cent of the year, in line with our expectations.
The Division released its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated revenues of $3.84 billion, an increase of 31.01 per cent; and the net interest rate, which was affected by the reclassification of transport costs, was affected by multiple factors. 2021h1 gross ring increase of 0.75 pct, while the same decline in the first half of the year was due mainly to the classification of transport costs.
Inward operating costs (sales during the same period in the previous year), while fluctuations in prices of raw materials have limited impact on companies; 2021h1 net interest rate of 14.83 per cent, a decrease of 0.90 pct and q2 net interest rate of the same year from 1) to eliminate last year ' s social security relief; and 2) exchange loss of 3.71 million (receivables on exchange during the same period last year)
3) prizes are changed from annual to quarterly accounting; 4) tax refunds are reduced, etc.  Investment in the grid is expected to increase steadily this year, with structural growth opportunities in the context of double carbon, new power systems, power distribution, superhigh-voltage, etc.
We expect to maintain a steady increase. But new energy sources, especially distributed energy sources, are heavily connected to the grid, and new and complex growth is taking place, along with the associated access to a large number of electrical and electronic devices.
New requirements. In this context, we expect to take stock of areas such as dispatching, power distribution, ultra-high-voltage straight currents: the annual report meets expectations, the 21-year sea faces opportunities for structural growth, and the second infrastructure and grid intelligence investments are expected to increase structurally.
Expected acceleration of internal and external operations 2021-04- Profit forecast and investment rating: considering the impact of such factors as the elimination of social security relief and currency exchange losses this year, performance forecast for the first quarter of the year: profitability
Power continues to improve, q1 performance continues to rise, and the Māori rate continues to improve. 21h1 battalion yields +31.01% on the same basis and net profit returns +23.54% on the same date, in line with our expectations.
In the semi-annual report of 2021, operating income was $3.84 billion, an increase of 31.01 per cent over the reporting period; net profit attributable to parent companies was $570 million, an increase of 23.54 per cent over the previous period; this was in line with the expectations of the Rapid Performance Report. Of this total, 2,021q2 generated business income of $2,028 million, a decrease of 1.85 per cent over the same period, an increase of 11.89 per cent over the same period; and net profit attributable to parent companies was $289 million.
The main reasons for this decline were the elimination of social security credits, loss on exchange, the change in bonuses from year-end accounting to quarterly accounting and government tax refunds. The fall in interest rates on a year-on-year basis was mainly due to the classification of transport costs as operating costs (sales costs during the same period the previous year), while fluctuations in raw materials prices had a limited impact on companies; the net interest rate for the parent was 14.83 per cent for 2021h1, a decrease of 0.90 ptt, q2 for the same year.
Elimination of last year’s social security relief; 2) exchange loss of 3.71 million (13.71 million currency exchange gains during the same period last year); 3) change of bonuses from annual accounting to quarterly accounting; 4) reduction of tax refunds, etc. Investment in the grid is expected to increase steadily this year, with movement, distribution, and ultra-high-pressure flow in the context of double carbon, new power systems
There are structural growth opportunities. In 2021, the grid is planned to invest $473 billion, or +3% of the year; in January-June, the domestic grid was invested with massive grid access to distributed energy, new and complex growth, and the corresponding access to a large number of electrical and electronic devices, placing new demands on the grid. In this context, we anticipate areas such as dispatching, distribution, ultra-high-voltage flow, etc.
The re-classification of freight costs leads to lower sales costs, higher management, and higher R & D costs. The company’s 2021h1 costs fall by 5.35 to $283 million on a year-on-year basis, while the cost rate falls by 3.02 percentage points to 12.44 per cent over the period.
Net cash flow inflows decreased, advance payments decreased slightly, and inventory and accounts receivable increased slightly. 2021h1 million yuan was operated; cash earned from sales of commodities was 3,311 million yuan, an increase of 25.73 per cent. 644 million yuan was received in advance at the end of the period.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: considering the impact of this year's elimination of social security credits, exchange losses etc., we're downgraded. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.