Light module high-quality enterprise, 5g and digital double-wheel drive - the leading core supplier of light module (300502.sz)
New Le Sein is a leading optical sender service provider focusing on light module development, manufacturing, and marketing. The annual profit boom is reversed from negative to negative, with $771 million in operating revenue achieved in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
In 2019, five-year-old five-g policies were gradually laid down and refined at the local government level, the operator’s capital expenditure was gradually warming, the construction speed and scale of the stations were increasing, and the industry’s bottom reverse trend was emerging. In order to meet the 5-g network’s bandwidth and low-time delay, the system’s structure needed to be improved.
The medium bbu+rru two-level structure will transition to the cau+du+aau structure of the 5g network. On the one hand, the number of light communication modules jumped, driven by the introduction of new access points such as a large number of sensors and smart apparel devices, leading to an increase in the density of the 5g base station; and an increase in the carrying network links and an increase in the port speed of light transmission nodes at all levels.
On the other hand, the value of the light module has increased, the port speed of the 5g light transfer festival has increased, and the corresponding light module has changed, with a significant increase in its value relative to the 4g period.
Fu Xinlong, with a lower pue and more advanced Nfv management structure, will be the mainstream of future large cloud data centres. Leaf-spine will become the new megadata centre.
Mainstream architecture, where each leaf switch in the spinal frame is connected to the spinal switch, drives up the number of East-West traffic switches in the data centre, and leads to an increase in the port speed of the switchboard, the entire high-end light module is used dozens of times more often than in the traditional structure. The data centre bandwidth is raised, and the light module is moving towards high-speed light.
Modular replacements are expected to increase the market climate further.
China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment is the city's high-town conjoining road.
The company was established in April 2008 with a registered capital of $236 million and was listed in March 2016 for the first time as an international high-technology enterprise focusing on new technologies and product development, in high-speed light modules and 5g light.
Some results have already been achieved in the letter module, lightware-related products. Annual growth is 2355.58%. Corporate Māori ratio and net interest rates have returned to higher levels, corporate assets have been reasonably structured and assets have been growing steadily in the first three quarters of 2019, with total assets at 15.41 as at the end of September 2019.
The three-quarter asset liability rate was 19.20 per cent. Profitability was notably stable, with a weighted net asset return of 11.13 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, higher than the 2018 value, a high quality of net cash flows and a high cash income ratio of around 90 per cent. Cost control was reasonable, and profit growth was rapid, while the use of three charges remained relatively stable.
In terms of the geographical composition of income, it is almost half the income, both domestic and foreign, 53.4% of the income of the mainland and 46.6% of the income of the country.
Figure 11: New Leisure Major Operations II, 5g Construction is accelerating, Light Modules are rising at full prices 1. Operators' capital expenditure is gradually rising and 5g Construction is accelerating
In 2019, the 5g policy was phased in and refined to the local government level, and the operator’s capital expenditure was gradually warming and the speed and scale of construction was increasing. The three major operators were expected to reach 5g in formal commerce by 2020 and to provide large-scale commercial services by 2021. The country’s three largest operators were currently spending capital and capital.
In 2019, China’s telecommunications capital plan was 780 million yuan, China’s mobile capital plan was $166 billion, and China’s connected capital plan was 58 billion yuan. In 2017, the Ministry of Trade and Communications published the Development Plan for the Information and Communication Industry (2016-2020).
In January, the National Development and Reform Commission called for a reduction in the 5g rate for the frequency occupancy of the public mobile communication system to be used as a cushion. Since 2019, the 5g policy has been fine-tuning, promoting accelerated construction of the 5g base station and encouraging market-based cooperation among operators. On 6 June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications moved to China for telecommunications, China, and China.
Since March 2019, provinces or territories have been developing 5g development plans, quantifying development targets, which are expected to yield early results in 2020. Three major operators are expected to invest 34.2 billion yuan in 2019, of which China ' s mobile plan
Hundreds of millions of yuan for the construction of 20,000 base stations, while China Telecom plans to invest 9 billion yuan for the construction of 20,000 5g base stations. Prior to the construction of the base station, capital spending will be used mainly at the transfer level of light equipment, fibre-optic fibre-optic cables, pon equipment, non-sourced periods, etc. The number of base stations will be limited to the construction of a 5g-light transmission network.
Modular components create market space. 2.5g network architecture changes are evident, with the expected volume increase in the light module market 5g defining three typical business scenarios, i.e. enhanced mobile broadband (enhancedmobile)
Broadband, embb), high-resiliable low-time communications (ultrareliable and low-time communication, urllc), large-scale machine communications (massivemachinetype communication, mmtc).
The architecture for access to the network (radioaccessnetwork, ran) needs to be improved. The bbu+rru two-tier structure in the 4glte network will be transferred to the cu+du+aau structure of the 5g network. 4g base station = bbu (responsible for signal modem) + rru (responsible for radio frequency processing) + antenna
5g base station = bbu+aau=cu (non-real-time)+du (real-time)+rru+ antenna, where the non-real-time portion of the original bbu was split out into cu for the processing of non-real-time protocols and services; the remaining function of the original bbu was defined as du to handle physical layer protocols and real-time services;
Some of the physical layer functions in the original bbu were merged with the original rru into aau. Thus, the corresponding 5g load network is divided into three parts, with the aau and du forming the pre-transmission link, the c and above being the re-transmission link, and a new inter-transmission link between the cu and the du is added.
Figure 13: Class III typical business scenes Figure 14: Structure of the 5gran group network Increase in the number of photocommunication modules: On the one hand, the 5g era introduced a large number of new sensors, smart apparel devices, etc.
At the access end, there will be a significant increase in the number of units of access and traffic density, but 5g will be covered by the wireless spectrum feature with a smaller radius than 4g, 5g base station density will increase and the number of optical communication modules used is expected to increase by 1.5 to 2 times the size of the 4g site. On the other hand, there will be an increase in the number of carrier links.
Plus, the port speed of the light transmission node at all levels will increase significantly. The forward transmission module rate will be 25 g or more, the medium transfer module rate will be 50 g/100g, the return light module rate will be 100 g or more, and the core layer rate or more of 200 g will significantly increase the chain of the optical communications industry (optic cable-light module-light equipment)
In addition, there will be a need for more light modules, from only defined North-South flows to North-South flows, supported by east-west flows. The light communication module will be valued up: 5g light transfer node port speed, and the corresponding light module will be used.
This has changed. For example, the 25g light module is now primarily based on model 12, with a unit price of approximately $250-300 for 25g-l2 and a unit cost of $400-500 for 100g light modules, while the purchase cost is still high, and the 25g unit price is projected to fall to around $50 and 100g in the 5g era.
The commercial unit price of the block has fallen to $100-150, but it has increased considerably relative to the 4g period. The frequency of light modules used in the transmission and return chain is higher, and so the value is higher.
Figure 16: Light-based 5g end-to-end feeder 3. Corporate light module revenue has increased significantly, and performance is partially realized. Companies have been focusing on the development, manufacture and sale of light modules, which are the core components of fibre-optic transmission.
To complete the telecom conversion at fibre-optic terminals. 760 million yuan in 2018, a decrease of 5.56 per cent from the previous year, representing a contribution of 83.41 per cent; $148 million for Māori, building advances, partial performance, and 4.41 dollars in the first half of 2019.
Millions of yuan, or 53.45 per cent more than last year, and 91,79 per cent of business income; Māori reached 148 million, with products covering a variety of standard communication network interfaces, transmission rates, light wavelengths, including mainstream and non-target light module products.
Companies with 100g light modules, with high-speed photolithography chip and lightware envelopes. Figure 17: Point-to-point module revenue and profits. Figure 18: pon light module revenue and profits
1. Global data centre east-west traffic eruptions, driven by mobile traffic and corporate clouds, as technology advances in mobile communications, expansion of Internet applications, global mobile Internet traffic eruptions, and parallel ventures
Clouds have become a definite trend leading to a surge in global cloud traffic and a rapid increase in global data centre traffic. According to the Cisco White Paper, the load of traditional data centre work is declining, while cloud data rise from 6.8 zb per year to 20.6 zb in 2021, with internal data centre traffic (both east and west flow)
The 74 per cent (volume) ratio suggests that East-West flow forwarding and processing investment will account for the bulk of the operator's investment compared to the growth in the demand for a super-large data centre, with the foliage structure becoming the mainstream space available in square feet and usually much larger; and the Synergy standard is much higher, setting it.
It's called “Standards of hundreds of thousands of servers – and sometimes millions of them.” The mega-data centres have lower pue and more advanced nfv management structures that will be the mainstream of future large cloud data centres. According to the Cisco White Paper, there will be 628 mega-data centres worldwide by 2021.
In 2016, nearly 1.9 times, 53% of the data centre servers. Leaf-spine is the mainstream structure of the new mega-data centre, with each leaf switch connected to the spinal switch in the spinal structure, leading to an increase in the number of East-West traffic exchanges in the data centre and an exchange.
The port rate is rising, and the use of the entire high-end light module is dozens of times greater than that of the traditional structure. The 400g series of light module products, which has already been successfully demonstrated by the company, can benefit from the expansion of demand markets and cloud networks in super-data.
3. Data centre upgrades are accelerating, high-speed light module demand is growing rapidly, and according to the Market Research Corporation Lightning report, from 2012 to 2014, 400g products began to be delivered on a small scale by customers such as Amazon and Google and rapidly rose in 2020.
By 2022, the global market is expected to reach $1.2 billion. The data centre bandwidth rises, the light module is replaced by high-speed light modules, and the market climate is expected to rise further.
The benefits of the 5g build-up accelerated, the policies fell gradually, the operator’s capital expenditure was gradually warming, performance was partially realized, and performance had increased at a sharp rate since 2019. The company’s future performance remains driven by two major factors, namely, the release of light communication modules as a result of the 5g ran architecture reform, and the need to meet the 5g network bandwidth and low-time delay.
Second, the accelerated construction of the data centre, the acceleration of product rotation, the replacement of the light module to the high-speed light module, and the expected further improvement in the market climate.
The downstream client extension method, using legally compliant information, provides the report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.