CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
SANY Heavy Industry – A (600031 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
2Q20 net profit +78% in line; Strong rebound in cash flow
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB26.40
(previous TP
RMB24.70)
SANY's net profit in 1H20 came in at RMB8.5bn, up 25.5% YoY. Net profit in
Up/Downside
+16%
2Q20 surged 78% YoY to RMB6.3bn. In particular, operating cash inflow
Current Price
RMB22.68
significantly rebounded to RMB9.4bn in 2Q, versus an outflow of RMB895mn in
1Q. While we fine-tuned our 2020E earnings forecast by -5% due mainly to lower
China Capital Goods
assumption on the concrete machinery sales and the blended gross margin, we
slightly raised our 2021E-22E earnings forecast by 1%, as we expect further
Wayne Fung, CFA
operating cost reduction. We raised our TP from RMB24.7 to RMB26.4, based
on 16x 2020E P/E (up from 14.3x), on the back of 16% estimated earnings growth
in 2021E. SANY remains the key beneficiary of strong infrastructure spending
Stock Data
growth and strict emission control policies. Reiterate BUY.
■ Key highlights on 1H20 results. Revenue grew 13% YoY to RMB49bn.
driven mainly by a 17% YoY increase in excavator revenue. Revenue from
concrete machinery sales only increased by 5% YoY, slightly below our
expectation. Gross margin narrowed by 2ppt YoY to 30.3%, which was largely
Shareholding Structure
due to the impact of COVID-19 in 1Q. SANY maintained a stringent expense
control in 1H20, with S&D expense ratio reduced by 1.8ppt YoY. SANY
maintained its R&D spending growth which we believe is essential for
enhancing its long-term competitiveness. Net profit grew 25.5% YoY to
RMB8.5bn.
Share Performance
■ Sharp recovery in 2Q20. Revenue grew 45% YoY to RMB32bn in 2Q, a
significant improvement from a decline of 19% in 1Q. While the gross margin
was down 2.4ppt YoY to 31.5%, it improved 3.3ppt QoQ. All these, together
with the increase in other gains and finance income, boosted net profit growth
Source: Bloomberg
of 78% YoY (to RMB6.3bn) in 2Q compared with a decline of 32% YoY in 1Q.
12-mth Price Performance
In particular, the operating cash inflow reached RMB9.4bn, suggesting
excellent cash flow management.
High visibility on the 2H20E outlook. According to CCMA, excavator sales
volume (for the industry as a whole) grew 55% YoY in Jul. In addition, based
on Jiangsu Hengli's (601100 CH, BUY) latest order intakes of hydraulic
cylinders, we expect the momentum of excavator demand to continue over
the coming months. Besides, we expect the concrete machinery sales growth
to accelerate in 2H20E on the back of the recovery of property construction.
Source: Bloombera
■ Key risks: (1) Risk of overseas business due to pandemic; (2) Slowdown of
construction activities; (3) Risk of expanding to financing business.
Auditor: Ruihua CPA
Related Reports
China Construction Machinery &
HDT Sector – Raise industry sales
forecast in 2020E-21E; Solid
China Construction Machinery
Sector – Four structural drivers to
extend the upcycle to 2020-21E -
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 2: Revenue and gross margin breakdown in 1H20 results
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 3: Quarterly results
Figure 4: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.