The fall in the net profit from the third quarter, the rise in the volume of major products, the narrow fluctuations in the performance of basic chemical workers and chemical raw materials, were largely influenced by changes in the supply and demand of some major products.
The production of the main product in the third quarter has increased by the same amount. Thanks to the partial commissioning of the installation of the Qingzhou Base Integration Project and the steady operation of the Department's installations, the sale of new energy materials/fertilizers/organamine/acetic acid and derivatives in the third quarter has been at a maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks.
In August 2025, part of the Jingzhou base integration project was successfully put into production, adding 200,000 tonnes/year bd0, 50,000 tonnes/year nmp capacity to further improve the industrial chain layout; in September, the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project was fully implemented to produce qualified products.
In addition, the company proposes to invest $3.39 billion in a gasification platform upgrading project, which will help to increase production efficiency and energy use and increase core competitiveness. The prices of the company’s main products have dropped mostly in the last three quarters, while the cost of coal for raw materials has been reduced in comparison with the cost of fuel.
The average market price for urea/octaol/heptamide/acetic acid was $1766/7384/8724/2314 per ton, compared with the same rate. Continuing releases, high industrial stocks, price foiling; supply pressure from the increase in new octanol production, Wallu Hisungl (600426.sh) - second quarter profit ring improved and new projects steadily advanced.
Overlay of import source supplementation and low demand for downstream plasticizers and low accumulated prices in stocks; and endoamide "Waluhinl" (600,426.sh) - 4th quarter net profit and ring increase, multiple projects faced a structural contradiction between high industry start-up rates and persistent corporate losses, with negative screening of downstream Pa6 polymers
At the end of the year, the price of new equipment for acetic acid, which is concentrated in excess supply, has increased only marginally, adding to the traditional low-season runoff of traditional demand, such as pta.
Walluheungl (600426.sh) - Second quarter net profit and ring up, Qingzhou project cost $625/tonne (year to 24 per cent, ring to +6 per cent) in three quarters, despite coal price rings, Walluheungl (600426.sh) - quarterly net profit increases, low-cost competition
The firm’s core cost-control advantage has always been firmly highlighted, with a slight increase in the ratio and a continuing downward trend over the same period. The investment proposal is that the firm’s cost advantage is relatively strong, that the volume of new production and sales will increase, and that we will maintain the company’s net profit and ring ratio for the third quarter of 2025, which is a small decline.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income (millions of yuan) Quarterly net profit (millions) Quarterly profit (millions) Quarterly profit (millions) Quarterly Māori (millions) Quarterly interest rate)
Figure 4: The sales of the main products in the three quarters increased by the same amount as in the three quarters, as a result of the quarterly sales, management, R & D, and financial costs of the Wallau Henglium. Thanks to the operationalization of some of the installations and the installation of the headquarters of the Qingzhou Base Integration Project, three quarters of new energy materials/fertilizers/organamine/acetic acid and derivatives, 76/1456/400,000 were sold
In September, the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project was completed, producing qualified products and entering the pilot phase. In addition, the company is investing 3,039 million yuan in the upgrading of the gasification platform.
This will help to increase production efficiency and energy use and increase core competitiveness. The prices of the company’s main products have dropped mostly in the third quarter, and the price of raw materials has been reduced by the same year to support cost control. The average price of the urea/octaol/hexamide/acetic acid market in the third quarter was $1766/7384/8724/2314 per ton.
High, price-ring setback; supply pressure from the growth of new octanol production, weak demand for supercharged imported sources and downstream additives and low accumulated prices for stocks; structural contradiction between high industry start-up rates and the firm's continuing losses; negative overhauling of downstream Pa6 polymers, lower prices of pure benzene raw materials and continuing low prices; new acetic acids
At the end of the raw material side, the price of three quarters of a smog pit is $625 per ton (compared to 24%, ring + 6%), despite a slight increase in the coal ring ratio and a continuing downward trend in the same year, the firm’s core cost control advantage has been firmly highlighted.
Figure 5: urea price and price differentials (mg/t) Figure 7: octanol price and price differential (mg/t) Figure 9: dmf price and price differential (mg/t)
Figure 10: Pure benzene, acrylic and tobacco market prices (RM/t) Investment proposals: the company ' s cost advantage is relatively strong, the volume of new production aids is increasing, we maintain the company ' s 2025-2027. The authors guarantee that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author