Wallu Heung Il shandonghualu-hengshengchemical (600426.ch) Performance ring growth, project development laying the foundation for corporate development
25h1 company sales have increased steadily. (1) 2025h1, company chemical fertilizers, organamine series products, acetic acids and derivatives and new energy sources \triangleright dynamic reading
Integration projects enrich product structures. The integration projects are based on electro-stones, producing 1.4-butaneol (“bdo”); and bdo-based production of n-methyldehydecane ketone (“nmp”) products and polyhexodiate/butyltinate (pbat) products. The projects are designed to produce 200,000 tonnes of bdo, 160,000 tonnes of nmp and 30,000 tonnes of pbat biodegradable materials.
Some of the project installations have been completed, producing qualified products and entering the trial production phase. According to the feasibility study, the integration project is expected to invest a total of 3,387 million yuan.
The project is based on the same level of coal consumption and uses coal as a feedstock for the production of synthetic gas after gasification and purification; the main installations include gasification units, auxiliary production units and some public works.
The project is expected to invest a total of 3,039 million yuan, and its construction funds are financed by company-owned funds and bank loans. According to the feasibility study, the project is expected to generate an operating income of 3,665 million yuan (based on the total sale of output) per year after delivery, but the synthetic gas produced by the project is the raw gas of the company’s final product, so the economic benefits are determined by the profitability of the final product.
\triangleright new project implementation is not as fast as expected, product price volatility, raw material price volatility, and safety and environmental policy risks.
2025q2netprofitincreased21.95% Mom.in25q2, the companypanyachievedrevenueof15.764billionyuan, aoyincreaseof 7.14%; achievenetprofiof1.569billionyuan (Yoy-29.47%).in25q2, the company achievedrevenueof7.992billionyuan (11.17% & mom+2.84%); thenetprofitwas862millisionyuan
(youy-25.62.dmom+21.95%). 19.63% of the Grossmargofthecompanyin25q2was (-0.96 percentage percentagepointsoyand+2.06 percentagepointsmom.) in 2025h1, the company's company'sssalesaresideindicreasing.(1) in25h1, the company's schemicalfertilizers,
Orricaminesproducts, arcicacidandderivatives, andnewenergymaticsrelaedproducts achievesalesof 2.840, 28.11, 74.04, and 1.40millitons, reciprocally (oy+13.62%, +33.21%,-0.60%, and -1.87%) (2) in25h1, the company's schimicalfertilizerizers, orcaminesproducts, eticacid
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
The project uses the scalciumcarbideasrawmatial to produce 1.4butanediol(bdo) overthealkynealdehedemethod; usingbdoastrawmatic, produce n-methyrrolidoone(nmp)productsandpolybutylenetethalate(pbat)prodacts.theprojected.
Tohaveannual production capacitationof 200000tonsofbdo, 160,000tonsofmpmpd, and 30,000tonsofpbat biodegradablemateries.someofthedevicesthecompanity'sintegregatedprocedibilitycompletedtheprocesss and producedqualitativeproducts, enteringthetralproditionstream.accreditingtothefeasibilitystreamstreamreport.
Theestimatedtotalinvesmentfortheintegregatedprojectis3.387billionyuan.
The projects to placethesecurityunitbassontheunchangedconsumptionoflawcoal.theunitusescoalascoalawproducesynthecgasaftergasaforgesacidandpuriformation; themainfaciliationinsincludigaciation.
It's not like it's a good idea, but it's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea.
Inventiveforthisprojectis3.039billionyuan, and the projectconstructionfundswillbilprovidedby the company'sownfundsandbankloans.accordingtothefeasibilitystandardreport, iestimatattheproject willachiveanveanaverageannualoperingrevenueof3.665billionianaftercompletionanderation
(calculatedbasedonthetotalexternalsalsalesofoutput).however, thesyntheticgasproducedbythisproject isotherawmaticgasforthecompany'sfinalproduct, sootheconomicbenetswillbedby the profibilityofthefinalproduct.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Projectsandupgrading projects, the companywillbegeven 14.5 xpeforf26, with pof 31.32 yuanfor the intialcoverage, and "buying willbegeven.
Industry, covering mainly the chemical industry and the new materials industry.
The companies covered include: East Yoo Group, Global New Materials International, China Heart and Heart Fertilizer, China Fertilizer Group, China San Feng Group, China Sanjiang Chemical Group, China Union of Plastics, Pura Lin Sungshan, Migau Group, China Petroleum Chemical Group, China Xuyang Group, and Colour Player New Energy.
Source, Skychemistry, Science and Culture, etc.
If you don't like it, you'll have to take it easy on me.
I don't know, it's time for me to go to school, but it's time for me to say: 6 to 18 months disclaureofinterests (1) theanalystsand theirassociatesdonottserveasandofficeroftheissuementisthisresearchreport.
(2) thealystsandtheirassociatesdostoonyovenyfinciancionalinterestsindérationtotheissuementationintsresearchreport. (3) globalprosperitysocialcompanimationedand/oritssubsidiariaesdosothordealtoortoormorethan 1% ff themarketcapacitationof themissualizationintsreresearchreport.
(4) globalprosperityfinalcompanymitedand/oritssubsidiarieshavenothadinvesmentbanking_relativeships with the issuermentedinthisresearchreportwithintheprecipreding12months. (5) globalprosperityfinalsocialcompanymitededand/oritssubsidiaresareotma makingamarketin thesecuritiesinrespectospetorisseuer
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, group sofglobalprosperityful company, since it's time to find out what you're doing, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it, because it's time to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm going to be able to do it.
2025globalprosperityfinal company.allrightsreserved. unit 2301, 23/f. 308 centraldesvoeux, 308 desvoeuxroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong