Basic Chemical Group, three-quarter maintenance, control against industry pressure, three-quarter maintenance, maintenance of high production, maintenance of maintenance, maintenance of low load start-up.
In August of the third quarter, the company arranged for the overhaul of a gasification unit.
Billion dollars, but based on the company's three-quarter output, the production of each block of the company has remained stable for three quarters, with 3 per cent, 1 per cent, 8 per cent, new materials, fertilizer, organamine, acetic acid sales.
0%. A steady high load drives the company to maintain a low-cost operating advantage, adding up the company ' s continuously increasing cost advantage, and the cost advantage of the company continues to be highlighted in three quarters. Three seasons, based on the price of 5,500 kcal of power coal on the island, average three-quarter price round.
In the second quarter, the average price of downstream products increased by about $30 per ton, and the lower of the same ratio, with cost transmission lagging relatively behind, the company continued to achieve a single three-quarter Māori rate of 19.14 per cent, with minimal change in the ring, which effectively supported profits.
Tsing State base is operating well, Texas base is developing its potential, new projects are expected to go into production, and the ring is down slightly from the second quarter due to industry demand and supply and the impact of the upswing of raw materials, but the trend remains largely relatively robust, as compared to the technical improvements in Texas headquarters.
The overall profit line is clearly better than the state base, which is accompanied by new projects such as binary acids in the state’s headquarters, and the state’s ability to control and regulate remains robust. Mainly urea and other coal-chemical products have entered a clear bottom state, with pessimistic expectations that they will be fully released.
Marginal changes are expected to have a magnifying effect. Three quarters, due to high raw material costs, high demand for products, poor cost transfer, three quarters of low urea demand and delayed procurement in the country, significantly reduced urea prices, and other coal-chemical products.
The bottom profit is expected to increase further as a result of the pressure on the industry, which is estimated to be supported by most of the industry’s production costs, and the gasification upgrades at the Texas base and the tdi project at the Tianzhou base.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of significant fluctuations in prices of raw materials and products; and competitive risks associated with the release of new capacity.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.