WalluHingl (600426.sh): Short-term performance, pressure, new project construction, new dynamic energy, WalluHingl.
3-quarter newspaper Walluheungl issued in 2025: the company achieved business income of $23,552 million in the first three quarters, and WaruHingl was a modern, multi-occupational, multi-occupational industrial enterprise, with a major Yoy-66% net profit of $2,374 million to the mother, with a total profit of $230.74 billion and a total of 22.14%.
In the last three quarters, the company’s main products were urea, isoccal, gasification, synthesizing, and “multiline” flexible multi-productions.
The company will speed up the structural adjustment of the prices of nylon 6, adipic acid, endylamine, acetic acid, carbonate, etc., as a whole.
Sales of new materials-related products increased by 14 per cent over the same period, with a 6 per cent drop in the same year; sales of chemical fertilizers increased by the same year; projects for downstream processing of synthetic gas were actively developed, 35 per cent longer than petrochemicals and 11 per cent higher than the same year; and sales of organamine series products increased by 1 per cent over the same year, with a lower percentage.
Downstream industrial chains converge to create high-end new material plates. Slip 6%; Acetic acid and derivative sales increase by 2% over the same year, with revenue falling by 17% over the same year.
Continue to build new projects to provide new dynamic energy for company follow-on development. The company's integrated stock optimization and incremental upgrades actively promote project construction. By the end of the first half of the year, the company's pilot project for the optimization of anamide raw materials had been completed, the 200,000 tonnes/year binary acid project was nearing completion; and the bdo and nmp integration of the Jingzhou base was completed.
Projects are nearing completion; at the same time, several reserve projects have been initiated for pre-release preparation for company follow-up, total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares) Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies fully exploit “one-line” cycles of flexible and multi-contributive economies
Accompaniment, increasing the efficiency of mitigation and increasing the profitability of companies through successive new products in the future. According to the company’s 3rd quarterly report, we adjusted the company’s profitability projections accordingly, and we projected the company’s 2025–2027 boost in Warau (600426.sh): short-term performance pressure, with new project construction providing new dynamic energy.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery, Liu Woo-Chor
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Walluhingl (600426.sh): Short-term performance pressure, new project construction provides new dynamic energy and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.