q2 q2 is a gain and a long-term value for good farm management.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of 56,866 million yuan, an increase of 9.63 per cent over the previous year; the return to the mother net profit of 829 million yuan, a gain on the same scale.
Six months of the company slaughtering 541.5 million pigs, with capacity utilization at around 37%, the amount of the company’s slaughter business has remained stable against a background of total pressure in the slaughter industry. Good farming management is long-term value.
Corporate farm management is highly efficient and cost-effective, and supports financial improvements in the company, creating long-term value of the company. 1) Company farming has a significant advantage. The whole life of the company's pig-breeding in June is outpaced by herbing shares.
By the end of the year, the company is expected to meet the cost target of $13/kg. 2) The advantages of farming support financial improvements.
It's long-term value. In a long-cycle steady state, the pig industry as a whole will maintain a certain level of profit, while the good management and cost advantages of the public sector will continue to support better profitability than the industry.
By entering a period of relative stability, capital spending would be kept at a lower level, reducing the size of the overall liability, and the Division would be better able to integrate performance growth with shareholder returns, with longer-term dividend values becoming more prominent.
In our view, the hogs are still on the move, driven by two dimensions of profitability and sustainability. In terms of profitability, with the cyclical contraction of supply, demand is returning with the seasonal upswing of the consumer season, followed by an upturn, pushing the plate up.
q1 Q1 cash flow improvement, value of excellent management achievement - still at a low level, assuming the industry ' s profit-making cycle continues until the end of November, with a 24-year industry full-profit cycle
q3 Farming is profitable, and good management is a cycle - 2023-10 - leading firms with significant pig farming advantages and management costs advantages are expected to fill the cycle of pig-breeding.
We expect the company to have a net profit share for 2024-2026, and the prices of pork consumption fall short of expectations, disease risks, etc. The company’s investments are rated as follows:
The team’s members, who are from the top agricultural institutions in the country, have developed more extensive research experience in large commodities, and have a rich background for industrial investment in areas such as livestock farming, farming, and farming. In the alternative, they will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.