Makahara shares (002714.sz): Performance achieved on July 15, 2024
The agro-industrialization of commodity pig-breeding and slaughter processing as a whole (Yoy125.19% - 132.38%), which is a gain and loss compared to the same period last year.
The country’s top priority business is the country’s largest self-breeding pig-breeding industry, with a small increase in its total cost, which continues to fall.
One of the largest pig-breeding enterprises in the country, all of them (28,982 million commodity pigs, 3,093,000 pig farmers, 312,000 pig farmers), with a similar increase in the performance of farming and the company’s continued improvement, with the company’s total cost of farming continuing to fall in June 24th year.
The price of the pig has risen significantly, the cost of the company has gone down, the performance of the company has improved significantly in the second quarter of the year alone, and it is expected that the full cost of the pig will continue to fall in the second half of the year.
Supply, combined with traditional consumption during the second half of the year, pig prices are expected to remain high during the second half of the year, with public slaughter affected by demand, and capacity utilization needs to be further increased. In the first half of the year, the company had 5.41 million butchered pigs and 37 per cent of capacity used, which remained at a low deficit compared to the same period last year.
Mainly due to low downstream demand, monthly data on the number of spot slaughters of pigs in the country after the 24-year spring, together with total equity/transita (million shares) market and channels for the sale of meat, optimize product structure, increase capacity utilization and further increase slaughtering
Profitability of the meat plate. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate the company's core cost advantage as a pig-breeding business, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Makahara shares (002714.sz): Performance is reversed and cost incentives continue to improve.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Shinwon shares (002714.sz): Performance is reversed and cost promotion continues to improve profit.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as feed, food, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.