The realization of a loss-of-performance gain and the reduction in costs are expected to further release the report of the incident evaluation of the profit-making space and herbs (002714.sz) company.
On 2 August 2024, Shinwon shares published their semi-annual report for 2024. $1005240702 at the end of the period of profit and q2 at a loss of profit.
During the same year of growth, the 2024h1 Shenzhen shares achieved operating income of 56.866 billion yuan, while the earnings from long-term losses and losses continued to be high and the profit margin would be further expanded.
The total cost is gradually decreasing, and the profit margin is expected to increase further: the cost of running the stock of the herds of 2024h1 is 55.710 billion yuan, an increase of 212 per cent in the same year; the sum of 100 million yuan, a decrease of 7.44 per cent in the same year; and the profit of the business of 3.60 billion yuan, an increase in the same year.
In business, the operating cost of the 2024h1 pig farming business was 92.37 per cent, and the total cost of achieving the gross was reduced from $15/kg in 2023 to close to $14/kg, and herding shares were held as the farm performance increased and the price of raw material for feed fell.
With a view to further realizing the advantages of an integrated industrial chain business model of centralized purchasing, integrated management and so on, the cost advantages of farming will gradually be demonstrated, and the full cost of pig farming is expected to decrease further, freeing up opportunities for profitable growth. 2024h1 slaughter meat/trade/other
A sufficient stock of hogs, estimated at 70 million per year, 2024h1 turnover, 32.38 million farm/slaughter/trade operations, an increase of 7 per cent over the same year, of which 28.982 million were commercial pigs, son
By the end of June 2024, the stock of herds was 3.309 million and the stock of herds was sufficient to lead the competition. It is expected that the stock of herds in the second half of 2024 will still be small.
The departmental management process is gradually being optimized, and the survival rate is expected to increase further. The share of herbharatsu shares is projected to be 70 million in the year 2024. Cash flows have improved significantly, and the debt ratio is expected to decline gradually.
The net operating cash flow of the herd share of 2024h1 was $15.774 billion, an increase of 1582.18 per cent over the same period, and the main commodity pig sales prices were higher and lower than the same period of 2023. Of this, the net operating cash flow of 2024q2 was $10.447 billion, an increase over the same period.
With 270.36 per cent of the company ' s operating cash flow improving significantly, it is expected that the company will use surplus cash to cover its pre-loss period debt, and that the capital debt ratio is expected to increase further.
In this context, herd shares have an advantage in terms of stock, cost and cash flow, and are more competitive in the industry and are expected to further expand the scope for profitability, thus giving a “buy-in” investment rating.
Risks of disease in the pig-breeding industry; natural disasters and extreme weather risks; risks of changes in industrial policies; unanticipated increases in pig prices; volatility in the market for feed and raw materials; risks of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The Agriculture Group presents its research in the field of agriculture, reflecting my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.