The proposed repurchase of shares for employee holding schemes or equity incentives.
Events: The company announces that it intends to buy back 3-4 billion dollars in equity plans or equity incentives for its employees, using either its own funds or its own funds, in the form of a centralized bid transaction. The company announces that it intends to buy back a total of 3 billion to 4 billion dollars in equity with its own funds or its own funds.
The repurchase program highlights the company’s confidence in its future steady development and its recognition of the company’s value. The repurchase will be used entirely for staff members.
The SWIs or equity incentive schemes help to further improve the corporate governance structure and build long-term incentives and constraints; help companies to achieve their long-term business objectives, raise the overall prices of the company.
By the end of 2024, pig farming is expected to be completely out of the extended industrial chain, with a more competitive advantage and still gaining strength. q4 and next year q1.
We are expected to maintain a better level of income from pig farming, and there is still much room for increasing the long-term scale and concentration of pig farming.
The risk rating in the present report is medium risk. Note: “Market index” for this rating systema shares the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is three-strength. Investors are only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low” risk, and “stable” investors are only fit to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.