Shenwon shares (002714), which are highly profitable, have continued to improve cash flow by 9.63%; the net profit of the parent is $829 million, which is a loss of profit.
During the quarter, the company achieved business income of $30,594 million, an increase of 10.56 per cent, resulting in a net return to the mother of $3,208 million. In the second quarter, the prices of pigs recovered significantly, and the costs of farming decreased considerably, leading to significant profits for the company.
1) Volume: During the first half of the year, 32.388,000 pigs were born in the company, an increase of 7.01%. By the end of June 2024, the company had a capacity of 8.848 million head/year, with a capacity to grow pigs. 2) Average prices for the company ' s production of pigs rose monthly from February onwards, and averages for the second quarter of a single season.
Decolonization of production capacity and long periods of low storage, with pig prices expected to remain relatively high in the second half of the year.3 Cost and profitability: As the effects of the disease subsided in the last quarter, feed prices fell and corporate farm performance increased, the full cost of pig farming fell to 14 in June.
In the first half of the year, the company’s business activity generated cash flows from Qin Yinglin.
The balance of money is $20.360 billion and the overall reserves are adequate. Keeping an eye on the company, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, the company is the largest pig-breeding enterprise, with a clear cost advantage, and the company is better profitable than the company.
The industry averages. Because the prices of pigs have been rising continuously or over-expected, we have raised the company's profit projections, kept the valuation low, maintained the “buy-in” rating. The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.