Makahara shares (002714.sz): The loss of performance is a gain and the cost is a boost to the year's profit release of Makahara shares.
Billions of dollars, representing an increase of 9.63 per cent and a net return to the mother of $829 million, were lost over the same period last year.
The country's top priority business is one of the largest self-sustaining companies in the country (28,982 million commodity pigs, 3,093,000 pigs, 312,000 pigs) and one of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises, as well.
7% longer. By the end of June 2024, the company had 3.309 million hogs, and pig breeding was one of the country ' s largest pig-growing enterprises. 8048 million pigs are expected to grow out of the country at 66-72 million places throughout the year, with a steady increase in sales.
The full cost of $15/kg is reduced by about $1/kg, with feed costs contributing 40% downside and raising and optimizing 60% of its own farm performance. With pig prices rising and costs optimizing, companies produce pigs and produce more and more.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The full cost of farming is expected to continue to decline in the second half of the year. We believe that supply-side contraction gradually leads to commodities, pig supplies, and increases in demand during the second half of the year, with prices expected to remain high during the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company had a total of 541.5 million butcher pigs, with 37% of the capacity, which was almost equal compared to the same period last year, with a loss of $500 million in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the country experienced a decline of 0.68% in targeted slaughter, and the company slaughter rate was also affected by the industry. Companies will continue to open markets and channels for meat sales in the future, optimizing the product stock/flowa share (million shares)
• Circulationb/h (millions of shares) Improved asset and liability ratios and continued improvement in cash flows.
The corporate cash flow situation continues to improve. 24h1 companies will continue to open up financing channels and optimize negative cash flows in the future.
Debt structure continues to reduce asset-liability ratios. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we appreciate the company’s core cost advantage as a pig-breeding business, and its performance is expected to improve continuously with the pig cycle. We expect the company to return to its net profit in 24-26 years.
The East's financial and intellectual boomerang stock (002714.sz): The cost of making the year's profit frees the East's financial and intellectual boom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Shinwon's shares (002714.sz): The loss of performance is a gain, and the cost is a boost to the year's profit release.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as Xianxyzun, forage, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.