Pig prices are running at high prices, and the sidebar continues to push forward.
Research assistant: Lui Kuo-chung, where the high prices of pigs increase the profits of pig farming, and the chicken price returns to the poultry business. In the first half of the year, the company sold 479 million chickens (including chickens, fresh products and cooked food) and 48,658 million meat pigs.
The growth in performance in the first half of the year was mainly driven by the high prices of pigs, the average price of which was $33.98 per kilogram in the first half of the year, an increase of 152.88 per cent in the same year, and a sharp increase in the profits of the company's meat business.
The price of the company’s chickens dropped by 17.86% from the same year to the same year, and the profits of the poultry business fell significantly from the same year, with a significant increase in profitability. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a Māori rate of 23.08%, an increase of 11.74 centiles.
According to the 36.29 million pigs in the country at the end of June, recovery was well under way in the first half of the year, with 340 million pigs in the first half of the year, and the next half of the year is expected to see intensive exits. According to the full-calibre monitoring of the National Model Pig farm by the Ministry of Agriculture, in the first half of the year there were 6,177 new pig farms of a size, which were empty last year.
There are 10,788 replants in the pig farm of its size, and the motivation of the scavengers is gradually recovering. 2 pigs are born at an average monthly cost of $34.76/kg, and the prices of pigs are expected to fall at an accelerated rate, and we maintain that the annual pig prices are around $30/kg. 3 companies keep data: companies can grow pigs.
It's about 1.2 million, which is planned to reach 2 million by the end of 2021. A well-built pig at the end of this year.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.