Winch shares (300498), model upgrades, internal work, extension of the industrial chain to the food platform, Winch shares.
Incidents: The company disclosed its semi-annual report of 2020, where it achieved business income of $35,957 million in 2020h1, operated the business up and down the chain, with product content, and continued pig prices, with cost improvements expected to increase profitability.
The power of chickens, pigs, ducks, eggs, pigeons, geese, original milk and their dairy products, fresh meat foods, and their processing, has increased considerably. Despite the recovery of pig stocks in the industry, the non-pest disease in the south has been repeated.
Agricultural equipment and veterinary medicine. Companies are the largest in the country, and overseas epidemics create uncertainty about imports.
With a gradual recovery in costs, supply and demand patterns will continue to be tight, and pig prices are expected to remain high. As firms produce, one of the country’s top priorities in agro-industrialization is one of them.
The production capacity has been upgraded, and the production of pigs is expected to pick up gradually. The 2020h1 company marketed 48,658 million boars, with productive biological assets growing by 40% compared to the beginning of the year, with a simultaneous reduction in productivity in July, and a gradual recovery in the next half of the year.
The company has achieved an additional 1.876 million self-builders’ capacity and a reserve of 1.5226 million farmers’ annual capacity, providing a solid basis for a return to growth in the size of the company’s pig-breeding industry.
Living birds are under short-term pressure and industrial chain layouts are building food platforms. The epidemic affects end demand, with the prices of chickens and ducks falling by 17.86% and ducks by 31.63%, respectively, and living poultry operations are under short-term pressure, and sales prices are expected to warm up as consumption recovers after the epidemic.
The company continues to improve the layout of the industrial chain, accelerating the extension of the downstream slaughtering, processing, and freshness terminals. Last year, the company signed an investment agreement for 12.3 million slaughter capacity, and 2020h1 achieved 3 million new pig slaughter capacity. In the future, the company will gradually move towards “central slaughter, branding, cold chain circulation, cold market”
A shift in marketing patterns toward the creation of a whole-of-the-industry meat-and-protein-food platform. Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that, in a climate of constant pig prices, companies are expected to use their capacity to upgrade and improve costs, improve profitability, and look forward to food layouts.
Wen's share (300,498): model upgrades, industrial chains extend to food platforms, east's wealth booms.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Wen's share (300498): model upgrades to build internal skills, extension of the industrial chain to create a food platform.
Xingxim, Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States of America, joined the East Hing Stock Exchange in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, focusing on the sub-sectors of livestock farming, feed, animal protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.