The point of performance will come to see the marginal improvement in the higher cobalt price, the assessment in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799), the impact of the fall in the price of polymetallic cobalt on performance, and the drag of the trade operations on the Māori rate.
In the second half of the year, cobalt prices are expected to be restored gradually, compared with the trend of depth 300.
On the supply side, the fall in the price of cobalt will cause a significant reduction in the amount of minerals seized by the Congolese hands; and, on the other hand, it will be possible to revise the 2019 production guidelines.
The increase of 57,000 tons to 434,000 tons has led to a reduction in supply throughout 2019. Cobalt prices are currently in the bottom zone, and the supply oversupply situation in 2020 will change ahead of schedule if the production stops next year, with a long-term expectation of getting out of the bottom.
On April 22, \triangleright announced its intention to acquire 100% of BAM (3.2 billion yuan) and 15.68% (862 million yuan) in the State of Happiness, mainly in the development, development and scale of lithium ion battery materials.
The company, as a supplier of BAM technology, is expected to release the synergies. The cobalt price is generally optimistic in the second half of the year, and the company’s performance is expected to improve: the future lithium power will be one up and down.
Research Assistant: Lower average Xue Shaoyang, first covered with a “recommended” rating. Cobalt prices continue to fall risk, integrate less than expected, and downstream demand drops.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, are engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting industry association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and the conclusion is not subject to any third party approval or influence.