Utility shares (000938), Logical validation of growth points by operators and overseas markets, 20 years of control of cloud and smart capital trends, 2019 Utility shares and one quarter of 2020
Event: 54,099 million yuan in 2019, yoy+11.92%, net profit to the mother, 1.843 billion yuan, strategic focus on the Xinhua three core assets, strategic focus on the ict area, building a digital solution for the Xinhua three core assets of the Xinhua Twilight stock.
A unified new purple cloud, integration of private clouds under the flag, public clouds, artificial intelligence, software service capabilities, Xinhua 3 for nearly 12 months at the highest/lowest level, as a platform for product and solution infrastructure, active in building intelligent cities, 5g communications and cloud computing in government
In the context of the upturn in industry, it is expected that more market operations will expand with the ability of its product lines. Breaking through and developing the operator’s market, participating in the logical validation of the 5g network building, in the 19-20q1 operator’s network bidding program, Xinhua’s three top players will be able to take a share of about 6-8%.
The high-end router product was recognized, the winning bid was broken and the growth logic was validated. In addition, Xinhua III launched a series of 5g mobile feed-back network products rx880/ra5,000 and tested through some operators;
The cr 19,000 cluster routers successfully tested through the three major operators and the winning China Telecommunications Core routers collected tenders; the cr 16,000 high end routers entered China eight times in a row for mobile high end routers. (sub-operations: 1) Xinhua three battalions collected $32.26 billion, an increase of 8.3 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 2.6 billion yuan, an increase of 4.4 per cent in the same year;
2) The amount of 23.880 million yuan, a 17.9 per cent increase in the same year, representing a net profit of $295 million, a 25.9 per cent increase in the same year The overseas market: the creation of the Xinhua three autonomous branding channel, which is delayed by the epidemic, will not change the strategic approach Overseas markets will gradually complete the Xinhua three autonomous branding channel and will continue to grow significantly over the next three to five years.
Countries; as a result of overseas epidemics, market openings may slow down, but the deployment strategy abroad will not change, with Xinhua ' s three autonomous brands growing in 19 years, reversing the downward trend in Xinhua ' s overseas harvests. R & D inputs: sustaining high R & D and upgrading the core competitiveness of technology, products and solutions
We believe that sustainable R & D inputs and the accumulation of channel resources are key to building the core barriers to the evolution of the technology and market environment in Xinhua. Xinhua can declare four patents per working day and have laid the foundation for future technology in R & D and in inputs.
The company invested $3.94 billion in R & D in 2019, an increase of 18.6% in the same year, and a R & D cost of 7.3% in the same year. More than 90% of them were invention patents.
1) Calculations: Xinhua San and Hewlett-Packard brands are managed together with the top three market shares, with the highest rate of increase in size. The company released a new generation of eight-way key business servers, h3uniserverr8900g3, to achieve a variety of key business scenarios, 16.3 per cent of the company server market in 2019; 2) network equipment: expansion of the operator market.
The firm-level market is dominated by Xinhua Sanhua and China, with a combined share of about 80 per cent, company H3c brand exchanges, roads 1. Utility depth: domestic ict feeders, wlan products in the domestic enterprise-level market at 35.5 per cent, 27.9 per cent, 30.9 per cent, and 3) Ann.
Headlines, cloud core assets for the future, full-scale and super-integrated: focus on technology development in the area of safety, providing software and hardware integration for business and industry data centres.
China’s cloud computing system; safety hardware market, 9.3%; top three; China’s super-integrated system market, 21%; and China’s second. China’s sdn (software) market, 31.9%.
2020o1 performance affected by the epidemic has declined, but new capital trends have remained unchanged, and overall demand has continued to grow.
We believe that purple light is the central beneficiary of the new infrastructure, the communications global industrial chain, and that both the intellectual urban demand and the corporate information-building needs will be in place after 2020q2.
The year 2020 is the year of 5g science and technology, where purple light, as the leading player in the ict field, is expected to gain a further valuation premium based on its core competitive advantage and its dominant position. We expect the share of purple light to yield 622/781/93.7 billion yuan in 20-22 years.
Long-term: Over the next three years, the company is expected to collect more than $100 billion, resulting in a net profit of $5.5 billion from the mother, taking into account the technological barriers to the Xinhua three products and the leading position in the ict area, and in the area of security (convincing faith in the Xinhua and Green League technologies 77.4x-pe and 47.8x), and in the server industry (wave information and China Light 2020e-pe)
For 41.4x and 56.3x, which have an overall valuation advantage, we believe that the company has a share of the “core assets” attributes and long-term growth characteristics, is in a cloud computing industry development and 5g construction landscape cycle, and the valuation is excellent, with a current market value of $78.7 billion and is given a “recommended” rating.
The global epidemic continues to spread, with less than expected expansion of overseas markets; 5g under-building, less than expected expansion of operators ' markets; increased risks from competition; under-development of cloud computing; industrial policy risks; and so on; 1) industry landscapes for network equipment products and IT products increased from 2020 to 2021, with a steady recovery in business growth rates;
2) The marketing and management costs rates have increased as a result of the expansion of overseas and operator markets; 3) the self-research server Māori ratio has become more focused on the high Māori server business, and Māori ratio has remained stable as the industry's demand warms and production scales; 4) Māori rates for proxy Hewlett-Packard server and storage equipment operations have remained stable and Māori rates for purple digital IT distribution operations have remained stable.
In May 2016, when the company showed its value and its ps changes after 2017. The company's share price was affected by the pe and ps changes, but after April 2018 it was traded between China and the United States.
A steady recovery in the speed of growth and a two-fold rise in corporate valuations and performance. Relative valuation: compared to comparable companies, there is a greater advantage in the area of security for vinyl and Green League technology 2020e-pe at 77.4x and 48.2x, and in the area of servers, the wave information 2020e-pe at 37.1x, and the China-China Sunlight
In the long term, the company is expected to collect more than RMB 100 billion over the next three years, and the net profit is calculated as approximately RMB 5.5 billion (false).
Xinhua shares hold 31% of Xinhua shares), considering that Xinhua's technical competitive barriers to products +ct's flagship + long-term market accumulation of resources + operators' markets and overseas market expansion + the alternative logic of national production, and that companies have a "core asset" attributes and long-term growth characteristics in the security sector and in the server industry have a comparative advantage over valuations, we believe that companies have a "core asset" attributes and long-term growth characteristics.
The current market value of $78.7 billion, which is in the midst of a cloud computing industry development and a 5g construction boom, gives “the continued spread of the global epidemic and the lack of expansion of overseas markets as expected; the under-construction of 5g and the under-exploitation of the operator market; increased risks associated with competition; under-development of cloud computing; and industrial policy risks.
In 2019, the author joined the Chinese Institute of Securities Studies, with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,