Short-term profit-taking, big tank tracks and new energy business-driven growth: semi-annual performance rating in 2025
Ishigami's performance is subject to short-term pressure and the Māori ratio has risen. In 2025, the H1 company was able to maintain a robust harvest, mainly because of the heavy-carat industry's moderate recovery and the company's diversified business layout, with short profit margins.
The period was under pressure, mainly from the holding subsidiary, the Keihu Group (Kion Group) in Germany, whose efficiency was planned to account for $1.510 billion in expenditure for the current period, which affected the net return to the mother of $486 million.
The same ratio +0.74 pct, ring ratio-0.10 pct. The Māori rate increases in the same ratio mainly benefit from the share of high-value-added products.
In the first half of 2025, the M series of large cylinder engines accumulated over 5,000, or +41%. The data, driven by the arithmetic demand, are in short supply, and the company is expected to continue to benefit as a core provider of domestic production.
The cumulative sales of core engine products were close to 600, i.e. +491 per cent. The public and traditional drivers have a solid business base, with sales in the heavy card sector in the first half of the year equal to +6.9 per cent and a relatively deep 300 per cent.
The Division sold 73,000 vehicles, i.e. +14.6 per cent of the same year, and accelerated the release of new energy operations, with power cells in the first half of the year, fuelwood power sales amounting to 2.3 gwh, i.e. +91 per cent of the same year, and heavy-gas new energy vehicles, i.e. 10,000, i.e. +255 per cent of the same year.
In the first phase of the new energy estate, the first power cell with blade-cell technology was launched, and the core “3 power” technology matrix was constructed to open up new paths for future development. The short-term pressure on intelligent logistics was increasing in long-term efficiency, and agricultural equipment was growing more rapidly overseas.
The efficiency enhancement plan is expected to generate Euro5.5 billion per year from 2026, of which Euro4.13 billion will be realized for forklift operations, Euro1.37 billion for supply chain solutions, and Euro1.37 billion for sales. The overall net profit will be Euro47.9 million.
The overall decline in the machine sector and the realization of an operating income of $9.86 billion from the company’s agricultural equipment plate, with export revenues of $1.150 billion, or +18.6%, demonstrates the effectiveness of the corporate globalization strategy. Meanwhile, the company is pushing for the market segmentation of the Xue Xairevo in Hong Kong, which is expected to further unlock the value of the plate.
At the same time, the company is implementing a $5 billion-dollar buy-back program. High dividends and buy-backs highlight the company’s ample cash flow and confidence in its future development.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.