The industry's track is going on, I'm going to have an ecological improvement, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it, and I'm going to be on top of it.
• Rapid growth of withholding non-profits, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2021, yielding revenues of $4.55 billion in three quarters, an increase of 55.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net return to mothers of $310 million, an increase of 4.77 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit from non-return to mothers of $305 million on a year-on-year basis
The track dividend continues to be delivered, cash flow margins improved (1), corporate aai 2.0 strategic layout continues to fall, revenue grew by 55.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the third quarter, ring growth accelerated over the second quarter, and education, open platforms and consumer lanes remained high. (2) Māori rates remain high.
On the other hand, the company ' s Māori rate was 43.12 per cent in the first three quarters, a decline of 3.08 percentage points in the same quarter, and we judge that the increase in the ring ratio was mainly due to the restructuring of the company ' s income. (3) On the profit side, net profit in the non-recurring part of the third quarter, after excluding non-recurring gains and losses such as government subsidies, changes in the value of public promises, increased by 298.7 per cent in the same quarter.
With regard to cash flows, the three-quarter growth in corporate repayments was 65.74 per cent, higher than income growth and better cash flow margins.
In October 2021, the company launched the Open Platform 2.0 strategy at the Global Developers Conference. The company will unite industry leaders to gather ideas from developers for applications and benefit-sharing with developers, while planning to invest $500 million a year in research and development funds to support them. As of October 2021, the Open Platform provided 437 items.
In the first half of 2021, according to the company report, the open platform generated revenues of $1.29 billion, an increase of 131.7 per cent.
In the future, the company will use the one-open platform to empower small and medium-sized developers and actively develop new industrial applications.
Cashing, substantial increase in net profit from withholding non-repatriation - now promoting each other and an iterative anti-breeding, forming a positive cycle of “tracking plus platforms.” Corporate Information Update - Profits Growth Superpredicted