On 26 October 2021, the company released its third quarter report for the first three quarters of 2021, a 55 per cent increase over the previous three quarters. The company achieved a net return profit of $729 million in the first three quarters, an increase over the previous three quarters.
During the same period last year, the recognition of fair value change gains from the listing of triads, typhoids, etc. resulted in an increase of $515 million in non-parent net profits, 512.91 per cent in the same year, and $305 million in the 21q3 quarter net non-parent gains, 298.68 per cent in the same period. The growth in corporate performance of 21q3 is, in our view, over-expected.
The dividends of the company's artificial intelligence strategy, phase 2.0, are accelerating. 21q3 income growth is higher than expected, and business quality continues to improve.
Continuing upswings, mainly the company ' s revenue growth of 55.01 per cent in the first quarter of 21q3, which was faster than expected. We believe, on the one hand, that the company ' s educational business has been sustained by a sustained climate and a partial education business in the first half of the year with an order of revenue or recognition in q3. On the other hand, the company ' s performance has grown at a high rate.
Open platform operations, consumer hardware products, smart medicine, etc., are all expected to grow rapidly, thus creating a new growth curve for companies. We believe that the dividends of the company's artificial intelligence phase 2.0 are being released at an accelerated pace and that the future growth space will be opened further.
The combined Māori rate adjustment, mainly as a result of changes in the corporate business structure, shows a faster increase in relatively low Māori precision marketing operations and smart city projects, based on income splitting as disclosed in the company’s semi-annual report, and a definite reduction in Māori rates, a trend that we believe is continuing in q3.
At the profit end, the company ' s net profit from the first three quarters was increased by more than 500% over the same period, and the volume of business increased further, and we believe that it is mainly a good control of the company ' s costs. The cost of sales in the first three quarters was 15.23%, a decrease of 2.4 pct over the same period; the management cost was 5.68%, a decrease of 1.03 pct over the same period; and the cost of R & D was reduced by 1.03 pt over the same period.
It is now in the commercial phase of the scale of the technology, and the profit ends are about to be released. The science revolution is about to start again, the size of the business, the “two-way-down” policy, and the new infrastructure of education, and the education business is expected to grow up with a strong policy push.
The new course 2020-08-10 “Dual reduction” policy combats out-of-school training and helps to improve classroom capacity. Xi Jin, 21 May. Xi, Xi Jin, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, X, Xi, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
Chaired the nineteenth meeting of the Central Committee for Comprehensive and Deepening Reform, which considered the adoption of the Opinion on the Progress Assessment Report _ Scientific and Technological Reviews: 21H1 Performance Maintenance as a step towards reducing the operational and off-school training burdens of students in the compulsory education stage.
High-growth, hard-track fast-tracking is a comprehensive regulation of out-of-school training institutions, with strict governance. In our view, the key to solving the problem of “double reduction” is to improve classroom capacity.
“Waann Securities Research on Computer Efficiency and Quality”, “Encouraging Tier Level, Flexibility, Personalization”, and “Practical Evaluation Report _ Launching of a New Equity Incentive Scheme,”
Improving the level of after-school services.” From the summary of these expressions, it is important to reduce the burden on students at the compulsory level of their work, to accelerate the construction of industrial ecology, and the burden on out-of-school training, by strengthening the capacity to teach in the classroom and making it possible to teach in the classroom.
Qualitative efficiency. In this process, the “Teaching, Learning, Management, Examination, Evaluation” comprehensive educational intelligence resolution programme is expected to continue to empower classrooms through the use of i-technology and achieve good application.
The United Central Network Information Office, the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the Ministry of Finance and the People ' s Bank of China issued Guidance for six sectors, including the Ministry of Education and Culture, on the promotion of new educational infrastructure and the construction of a quality education support system, focusing on information networks, platform systems, digital resources, smart campuses, innovative applications, and the development of new educational infrastructure.
Credible security aspects. Highlights include: building new data centres at the government level to support the construction of regional educational cloud platforms; building new infrastructure at the school level for intelligent campuses to popularize individual learning terminals; encouraging resource promotion and learning coaching based on big data at the student level to promote individualized development; and financing.
Kim has incorporated the new infrastructure of education into local 14th Five-Year Plan, with strong co-financing. We believe that high-level convergence policy guidelines for fly-away products, including regional educational cloud platforms, smart classrooms and teacher terminals, personalized learning manuals, learning machines, etc., are expected to benefit significantly.
The company’s performance in the first three quarters is higher than expected, and the ai dividend is expected to be released faster. The company is currently at the stage of an artificial intelligence strategy of 2.0, gradually forming a closed circle of “data-arithmetic-products” and is expected to move away from a project-based, custom-based business model, to a two-wheel drive of 2b and 2c to achieve artificial intelligence technology.
In the first three quarters of the year, the growth of the company was higher than expected. 1) The spread of the epidemic across the country and abroad, business activity was limited and demand for orders fell short of expectations; 2) government investment in education, health, etc. was not as strong as expected;
3) Consumer product recognition and promotion have had less than expected; (4) industrial competition has increased and firms have gradually reduced their pre-existing advantages. Contact persons: Zhao Yang, Master of Arts, Xiamen University, eight years of experience in industry and securities, formerly employed in ni, keysight.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.