A narrow cut in interest differentials, service charges, and an improvement in negative forward-looking indicators In the first quarter of 2023, merchant banks increased their net return profit by 6.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the rate of profit growth slowed as a result of pressure to earn revenue and a 1.7 per cent decline in operating income compared to the 1.7 per cent decline in interest and non-interest income.
The company’s stock of loans and non-privileged loans is adequate, with a constant reduction in non-lending losses and a profit. Overall, the firm’s absolute advantage continues to be maintained and marginal pressure subsides. Profitability, net interest differentials, and provision for relative industries persist.
The market's concerns about recruitment are mainly related to real estate risks and pressure on wealth operations: the company's real estate business continues to decline in size, and stock levels continue to fall.
The two business directions are broadly consistent with market expectations, but they have a better-than-expected impact on the performance of the industry, with incomes and profits still performing better than expected, and relative business advantages and customer advantages not diminished. Corporate management norms, prudential controls, customer base, science and technology systems, and access to wealth are difficult to replicate.
In a complex environment of institutions, financial digitization, and domestic and foreign economic finance, companies are either relatively valuable or more prominent. Worrying about the future, the focus should be on the future. Keeping an eye on the value of companies’ investments and keeping their ratings up.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the net return profit of the comptoirs grew by 6.5% over the same period, by 2.6 percentage points at the end of the six-month period, by 1.7% in the first quarter of the same year, and by far less than in the last quarter. Roae fell by 84bp to 17.38% in the same period, with absolute profitability still excellent, and roae remained above domestic growth demand at the core level.
Capital adequacy rate of 13.37 per cent, an increase of 52bp over the same period, further strengthened capital strength. The first three quarters of the company’s revenue growth was positive and negative from the previous quarter.
Net corporate interest income increased slightly by 0.1 per cent in the first three quarters, falling by 1.1 percentage points in the first half of the year, and continued to suppress interest-rate growth in the third quarter, although the absolute interest differential still had a significant advantage. Corporate interest differential pressure persisted, with a significant absolute advantage over the industry.
Decline of 22bp, with asset liabilities on both ends suppressing interest differentials. In the single season, corporate net interest spreads of 3q23 seasons were significantly reduced by marginal pressures compared to the last two quarters.
Stock risk is accelerated and the reserve advantage continues. By the end of the third quarter, the firm ' s bad rate was 0.96 per cent, the ring was 1 bp higher than the previous quarter, and the loan was 1.01 per cent higher than the loan and the link was better than the default forward indicator.
Non-loan provision for anti-breathing profits, increased loan provision, and more than 20230828 of the Merchant Bank have continued its overall funding advantages and risk resilience.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Downside, overseas risk over-expected.
Banks: Share-based banks: Net profit returns in the first three quarters of 2023 increased by 6.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, profit growth slowed as a result of pressure to collect, operating income declined by 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and both interest and non-interest earnings slowed. The split shows that net interest income increased by 0.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis and continued to slow at a slower rate than on a year-on-year basis.
The market still stifles financial growth. Assets are of a smooth quality, with marginal pressure on public real estate and retail credit cards. Corporate stock loans and non-priorizations are well prepared, with consistently low non-lending losses and profit margins.
The market ' s concerns about recruitment are mainly related to real estate risks and pressure on wealth operations: the company ' s real estate operations continue to be under-stretched, stock risks are actively cleared, and wealth and related revenues are falling on a par. The two business directions are largely consistent with market expectations, but have a better impact on performance than expected.
During this period, incomes and profits continued to perform well, with relative business and customer advantages not diminished. Corporate governance norms, wind controls, customer infrastructure, technology systems, and wealth channels were difficult to replicate.
By the third quarter of 2023, net return profits in merchant banks grew by 6.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by 2.6 percentage points on a half-year-on-year basis, by 1.7 per cent on a single quarter in the third quarter, and by a much slower pace than in the previous quarter. Roae fell by 84 bp to 17.38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with absolute profitability remaining excellent, Roae remained above domestic growth demand, core-level capital adequacy rate of 13.37 per cent, and capital strength was further enhanced by 52 bp on a year-on-year basis.
At the end of the three quarters, the total assets of the company increased by 0.5 percentage points at the end of the three quarters, compared to the end of the six-month period, with loans falling by 0.5 percentage points at the end of the six-month period.
Growth was 7.7 per cent, compared to 0.6 percentage points at the end of the six-month period. By category, public (non-paper) and retail loans increased by 3 per cent and the interest-rate-rate-rate differential decreased by a narrow margin, debt pressure slowed, and the absolute advantage of the interest-rate differential remained significant, with net corporate interest income rising by a slight 0.1 per cent in the previous three quarters, a 1.1 per cent increase compared to the first half of the year and a 2.1 per cent decline in the first quarter and a 2.1 per cent decline in the first quarter.
A single-season growth rate shifts from positive to positive. Growth has slowed, with a year-on-year pressure continuing to suppress interest-rate growth, but absolute interest differentials remain 11 bp below year-on-year rates of return and 12 bp above the cost of indebtedness, with both end-of-year asset liabilities stifling interest differentials. Interest differentials are mainly due to a drop in loan spreads, a 2.70 per cent drop in loan spreads, a 1.62 per cent drop in deposit costs and a 4.32 per cent return on loans, compared to the previous 11 bp.
1bp The marginal pressure was significantly less than in the last two quarters; the asset rate of return was 3.72 per cent, the ring ratio was reduced by 8bp and the pressure on loans, bonds and loans was reduced, but the overall yield pressure on interest-bearing assets continued.
16.9% of the remaining sales funds, treasury management, trust, and securities transaction revenue have decreased on a year-on-year basis.
At the end of the three-quarters, the corporate failure rate was 0.96 per cent, an increase of 1 bp over the previous quarter; the negative ring ratio rose by 1.9 per cent. According to the announcement on the quality of company-calibre assets, the adverse pressure was mainly on public real estate, with the total balance of business exposure to credit risk, such as group-calibre real estate credit, bonds, etc., at the end of the three-quarters amounting to $41.7 billion, a decrease of 10.5 per cent from the end of the previous year.
Stock risk, continued decomposition, retail pressure from credit cards, declining rates relative to last year, generating pressure retail loans (excluding credit cards) with a negative yield of $6,569 million, an increase of $956 million over the same period, credit cards generating new non-performing loans of $29,718 million, 6, non-lending anti-breathing profits, and risk resilience.
Economic downside, overseas risks are more than expected.