Investment ratings: Increase (maintain) by billions, compared to +29.1%, of the epidemic’s impact is generally decreasing, and performance is sufficiently resilient. High demand from each plate drives high-volume growth.
In the first quarter of last year, products from the drinking and food industries were poorly affected by the epidemic, and markets recovered rapidly this season. The profit from the fuel of the revival of markets, such as soybeans and chemical raw materials, and for feed materials and the fat technology plate increased over the same period last year.
In the kitchen, the ratio of lower rates of Maori to the share of the food industry has increased, putting some pressure on the gross profit level. But the prices of feed raw materials have recovered, while companies measured their prices in 2020 compared to the trend of 300 deep.
Three cost rates of 6.32 per cent, a decrease of 0.76 pct from the same year, the largest decrease in the financial cost rate, mainly due to loss on exchange and a decrease in hedging costs. The sales cost rate of 4.72 per cent, a decrease of 0.16 pct from the same year.
Taxes are rising in real terms, as the profits of the company’s domestic business rises, while hedging losses occur predominantly outside the country.
• The company’s inventory is close to $39 billion, hedged against price risk, but the commodity price wave still has a short-term impact on profits. Companies measured a rise in settlement prices for futures contracts in 2020.
573 million yuan; investment gains of $168 million, or due to partial sale of futures contracts due to delivery.
Investment advice: maintain an “enhanced” rating. Higher prices of cooking oil ease cost pressures, expansion of the company's productive capacity move in an orderly manner, the vanguard position is stronger and the long-term benefits of upgrading consumption and catering supply chains are enhanced.
Gold Dragonfish (300999), depth report: kitchens, food business advantages highlighted, feed business landscape, chart 1 national soybean futures prices ($/tons)
Figure 2 International futures prices of soybeans (cents/60 pounds) Figure 3 Increased wholesale prices of soybeans (dollars/kg) Figure 5 Changes in corporate profitability indicators
• Eight years of experience in strategic operations and research and development management of oil and oil companies. Using information on legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in the present report are based on publicly available information from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.