A significant recovery in demand at the end of 21q1b, with steady growth in the main industry, the Golden Dragonfish (300999) is reported in the first quarter of 2021
On 29 April 2021, the Golden Dragonfish published a quarterly report for 2021, which achieved operating income of $51,082 million, or 27.97 per cent, over the reporting period; a net return profit of $1,570 million, or +29.12 per cent; and a base income of $0.29 per cent.
There has been a significant increase in income from kitchen foods, and profit from feed plates has increased on a year-on-year basis \triangleright has been the highest/lowest in almost 12 months
At the income end, the company strengthened its marketing around annual business objectives, with a large equal share of the sale of kitchen food plates, with a larger share in liquidity (million shares), with a higher volume of retail products; and a lower base for catering and food industry products due to 20q1
The effect, 21q1, was a rapid recovery, with a larger increase in income. Forage raw materials and fat technology plates were hit by a rise in mobility, with higher profits, but lower soybean pressurization. At the profit end, 2021q1 had a higher real income tax rate, mainly due to differences in tax rates of different subsidiaries, some high-tax companies made better profits and some low-tax rates.
At the same time, the profits of some of the joint ventures are better and the gains and losses attributable to minority shareholders are higher. These factors lead the unit to a net profit increase of less than the total profit increase compared with the trend of depth 300.
The Māori rate has improved significantly, with a good time-rate control \triangleright 2021q1 marketing rate of 13.27 per cent, compared to 0.66 ppt. The reason for this is that the sales in the kitchen food business are higher.
Increased profits due to losses on exchange and lower hedging costs. Enhanced branding. Promotion of high-end products.
As an official sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022 and the three consecutive Chinese Olympic delegations in Tokyo in 2020, Beijing in 2022, and Lebanon in 2024, the company has continuously activated and enhanced branding influence through such initiatives as media dissemination, public relations activities, and marketing channels.
Advertisements; joint promotional activities with multiple power-marketing platforms; and cross-border collaboration with multiple front-line brands. s0100520080003 companies continue to scale up the promotion of high-end products. Companies connect through online and off-line platforms to enhance the marketing and marketing of the scenes.
In the case of oil consumption, high-end company products such as "goldfish" rice oil, grandmother's country vegetableseed oil, "Oriveland" olive oil, "Hukipo" peanut oil have been better marketed, while the company has introduced small-scale refined oils to meet the needs of some of the population.
At the same time, the company has been launching local special products such as the Golden Dragonfish, the Golden Dragonfish, the Golden Dragonfish, the Golden Dragonfish, the Golden Dragonfish, and Pearl Rice.
On the other hand, the company’s precision marketing of different applications, the high-end “goldfish” flatland snow pollen, the main industry’s steady growth, the industry’s headline status “goldfish” and Australia’s wheat core flour, among other products, are popular with consumers, and sales are steadily increasing.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Golden Dragonfish (300999), tri-quarter 2020 report point: q3 income growth is smooth and returns on investment are low
To the firm's headlines, the firm's robust growth is highly certain, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Industry competition has increased, costs have risen more than expected, food security issues, etc. Summary of company financial statement data projections
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Securities of the People. In 2018, he joined the Ministry of Planning.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,