q2 revenue has been reduced by a narrow margin, waiting to run the bottom line, and q2 duty-free cut off from the island in China (60188.sh) has gradually narrowed, and companies have gradually built the bottom. According to Hainan Customs, April-June
In terms of volume prices, q2 purchases fell by more than 20%, but were offset by increases in unit prices.
The effect of the drag in the Hainan region was that tax-free commodity revenues of 1h25 were 20.3 billion yuan per year - 6 per cent, and taxed commodities received 7.2 billion yuan per year - 22 per cent. Of this, 19.7 billion yuan went below the line and $7.8 billion went online.
□ qiushuang_yj@chinastock.com.cn leverage impact with sales cost ratio of the same +0.2 pct; management cost rate is expected to benefit from improved controls, which is almost equal to the same ratio; financial cost is $30 billion, compared to -350 million during the same period last year, mainly due to interest income
The Hainan fundamentals are still solid, and innovation is constantly being explored, which is expected to accelerate business out of the valley. 1h25 achieved revenue of $15 billion in Hainan, while the overall market share increased by nearly 1 pccc at the bottom of the industry, and business and people are expected to rise significantly in the future as a result of the closure of the trade port.
In addition, we believe that the company's current strategy of actively exploring new directions is expected to accelerate the pace of business development: 1) Expand the tax-free + border through the introduction of concerts, joint ip marketing, and move towards a multi-dimensional integration of “Hong Kong”; 2) Intra-Municipal + Out of the Seaboard: Tax-free in the Greater City of August
(c) Continued expansion of the commodity border, following the trend of domestic consumption and increasing the introduction of such products as domestic fragrance, 3c digitalization, health, tidal games, outdoor sports, and the introduction of nearly 200 new brands in the first half of the year.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be considered a customer by the recipient as a result of the receipt of the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.