We have recently exchanged with company management on corporate development prospects and strategic planning.
The company is the leader of the military industry connector, with military goods earning 55-60%, and downstream in almost all fields of aviation, space, electricity, ships, and armaments. In the last three quarters, the company stepped up the share of high-value-added products in overall operations by expanding new fields, new customers, and the Māori rate rose by almost 3 percentage points in December.
On 7 July, the company developed the j599e8 series of environment-resistant amplifiers and the 10gbps high-speed high-density i/o connectors, which were easily validated by the Ministry. The two products will be widely applied to military equipment such as the new generation of integrated air power systems, fire control systems, network exchange systems.
5g, the communications business is expected to return to fast-growing channels \triangleright, which earns about half of the revenue from public goods, and its main clients include Hwa, Naking, Samsung, etc.
The company's own 56gbps high-speed connector project has successfully won industrial engineering in the country, and the product is technologically advanced at the international level. It has set up an East China subsidiary to expand the development of light products in the area of communications in South China. Three major operators have accelerated their deployment by 5g, and announced successive schedules of 5g, all of which are scheduled to be commercial by 2019.
By 2020, it will be commercial in size. Experts predict that our investment in construction in 5g will amount to 705 billion yuan, an increase of 56.7 per cent over 4g. The company has become fully involved in the preparatory project of the mainstream telecommunications provider 5g, and as the commercialization process progresses faster, there is great scope for future development.
The new energy car connector leads, shares the growth dividends of the industry \triangleright is the country's first connector company involved in new energy cars, with downstream clients including Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung.
The company has set up a compost sub-company to better serve new energy customers such as the Anhui area, the Yang, the Guinang, and Chirre. According to the State Department, the number of cars in the next three years is higher than 40%. With the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry, the company's new energy engine is growing.
On October 20, the company proposed to issue no more than 1.3 billion shares, of which $610 million would be used for PVK.
The new industrial base will focus on the development of liquid cooling, light-sourced equipment, high-speed backboards, and new-energy motor vehicle support products. The PV base will produce special, deep water, space, integrated interconnections, nuclear power, etc.
Seven broad categories of products, such as medical, fibre, and cable components. After completion of the project, it is expected that an additional annual sales revenue of 1,375 million yuan and 1,003 million yuan, respectively, will help to further enhance the company’s combined strength.
This equity provides incentives to bind the interests of the company to those of the core workforce, thereby contributing to the motivation of the workforce and to the efficiency of the company’s operations.
II. Summary evaluation report on PV in China (002179): sales increased, new-energy automobile operations or will work. III. Profits projections and investment proposals
The corresponding amounts are 35 x, 28 x and 22 x, which are covered for the first time with a “strongly recommended” rating.1 Military orders are not as high as expected;2 new energy vehicle sales are not as high as expected Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Chen Yichuan, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctor of Military Studies of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication of the Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company director, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, military industry research. Wang Yichuan, Research Assistant, Military Industry, Master of Finance, Fordham University, United States of America, 1 year of equity investment work experience, 2015 Allied Civil Security Securities Research
The report is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.