High sales in q2 and negative growth in the US and Asia, and increased efficiency in spending.
2022H1 achieved operating income of $2.92 billion (+24.5 per cent) and a net profit of $620 million (-54 per cent) from the mother. 56.91 million was lost on changes in fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts, and the value of stock falls and contract cost impairments continued to rise in the release of the clean-up dividend, looking at improved demand for external sales and opportunities for repair.
The sub-brands show that 2022q2 owns 1.56 billion yuan (+27%) and rice substitutes earn 7.1 million. Sub-regionally, we measure an increase of more than 100% in sales within 2022q2 companies, an increase of about 20% between the US and the US and the US, and an increase of the product line under the new product g10plus, which has been continuously released from the clean dividend, and a continuation of the high increase in sales.
In terms of external sales, in 2022, the company had a medium- and high-end s7maxv series and a value-for-money q series, in which high-end full-power station products s7maxvultra priced $1399, while the US-Asia Bestseller ranking was still top20, and given the easing of maritime transport, it was considered that the company was recovering from demand.
• Q2 Māori ratio has improved, looking at product structure upgrades and net interest rates reduced by raw materials to repair product structure upgrades, with 48.8% Mā2 and +1.3pcts. Considering that freight costs have been taken into account since 2022 from sale costs to cost subjects, Mār. 1.3pcts below calibre, the primary source of raw materials is still high and inner
q2 net interest rate. Amazon buys irobot with limited impact.
Market-led product structure upgrades, cost-investment efficiency continues to improve, and net interest rates are expected to catch up.
q2 sales continued to grow at a high rate, the US-Asian reverse growth, and the cost-input effect of the 2022h1 company achieved operating income of $2.92 billion (+24.5 per cent). On a single quarter, 2022q2 achieved operating income of $1.56 billion (+26.5 per cent) and income continued to grow at a relatively fast pace in the company’s internal sales market in new itemsg10s
The series and the t8 series are expected to double their growth, since the clean dividend continues to be released, and markets such as the United States and Japan continue to grow faster under the influence of the magnanimous environmental fluctuations in the European region. Ten thousand, of which 2,022q2 are branded $1.56 billion (+27%) and rice substitutes are paid 7.1 million.
20%, other overseas channels (self-built overseas plus other distributions) are down by the same number. The main source of external sales is Europe’s regional drag, which slows up the growth rate.
Marginal improvements, sales of new items, and growth in corporate income are expected to recover further. With currency depreciations, companies lose $5.690 million in changes in fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts, stock price falls and contract 2022q2 Māori rings are improved, and net interest rates are expected to recover from product structure pullbacks
The company’s Māori rate has fallen by 1.3 pcts, mainly because raw materials prices are still high, and domestic sales of big gifts constitute a drag on the Māori rate, which is partly affected by the structural upgrading of new products such as the g10s, s7maxv series. Given the declining prices of raw materials such as plastic particles, and the continued increase in the structure of high Māori brandies, the public sector has been able to promote high prices.
The Māori ratio is expected to rise. More, the share of sales within major companies continues to rise, with more impact on the cost of the direct-account model. 2022q2 sales cost drops by 0.8 pct from 2021q4, and we believe that sales in the company have accumulated, and the slogan effect has gradually developed.
The net interest rate on corporate sales is 17.5% (-9.7 pcts), which, in addition to the increase in the Māori rate, which is influenced by raw materials, the increase in the cost of sales promotion in domestic sales, includes losses on foreign exchange hedging and the loss of impairment of assets. In our view, taking into account the company ' s Māori.
Rates are expected to remain stable, driven by lower prices for raw materials and the increased availability of new items; the sales cost rate is expected to remain stable in terms of operational viability, with a slight decline in the company ' s inventory turnover rate in 2021 and a steady increase in the rate of receivables; as at 30 June 2022, the company ' s inventory stood at $910 million (+69.9 per cent), mainly new companies at the end of the reporting period.
As a result of the increase in the stock-storage reserve, the inventory turnover was 89.3 days (+18.1 days), and the stock turnover rate continued to be released from the clean-up bonus from 5.1 to take into account the continuation of a high upward trend in internal sales. The new product, g10plus, replenished by $4,000, is expected to drive an over-anticipated increase in internal sales on 15 August.
By comparison, g10plus added ai-structure photo-avoidance function, suction to 5100pa, with only an automatic dust collection and silver ion desterilization module compared to g10s at a hand price of $4799. We believe that g10plus, introduced at a price of $3,000-4,000, is more appropriate for product cleaning and for self-purification needs.
Fewer customers have effectively expanded the client base of the company, and it is expected to continue to release consumer demand that has been stifled by high prices for clean products, and continue to drive the company’s share to grow. Corporate products continued to be sold hot in the first half of the year.
Psychics 10s, g10spro, smart tow robot products t8 and t8prus, have gained a good reputation. According to O.V. data, 2022h1 companies sold 1,124 million yuan on the land sweep line, an increase of 107.7% over the same period, far higher than the industry by 4.7%. Meanwhile, 2022h1 companies marketed 23.6% (+11.7pcts),
The top and middle flagship products, g10s and g10s, are listed on the Ovi cloud line in the 4th and 5th top of the list of top 50s. We expect the company to continue to update the full product price series, and the company’s land sweep product will continue to heat up in the first half of 2022.
Since 2021, corporate sales have slowed down, mainly due to the disruption of export sales due to the impact of the salt-field outbreak at the supply end, and delays in moving the pace abroad, we measured real out-of-pocket sales by the company ' s own brand business in 2021 +33%, which is significantly lower than the actual internal sales increase +71%. The demand-side impact of corporate sales has been evident since 2022, and is high overseas.
Under the constraint on consumption, companies face a fall in overall demand in the industry, and we measure 2022q1's own brand, the maxv series and the value-for-money q series. In May, corporate sales grew at a significantly higher rate than large. 2022h1 in Europe as a whole as a result of the decline in the consumer sector; and 2022q2 in the United States is expected to grow.
The second half of the year is expected to see the demand for corporate sales. In 2022, sales of high-end new products rose steadily. In 2022, companies targeted the export market.
Introduction of multi-promotion products such as the s7maxv series and the q value for money series at mid-to-high end to complete the overseas product line, with fully capable station product s7maxvultra pricing $1399, ranking Top20 in the US-American Bestseller list in the order of value for money, fully reaping market recognition; and ground sweeps in the Amazon, Germany
In the list of bestsellers, the stone-scanning machine has five products named Top20, and we believe that the high-end image of the company has gradually taken on consumer mind overseas. The online channels have diversified, the under-line shops are moving well, and sales are expected to return robustly.
With regard to access, in addition to Amazonian channels, the company has established online channels in Wal-Mart, Costco, Target, bestbuy, home depot, and the United States Independence Station, where diversification of channels is well under way and is expected to be less dependent on Amazon channels, which account for 10% of income.
Overseas companies have been set up and widely recognized by consumers through continuous branding, with a positive push line of $1 billion, the second highest single-month increase ever, reflecting a recovery in consumer demand, and we expect to see demand at the end of the second half of 2022, and a rise in corporate sales revenue.
Figure 14: The rate of increase in the sale of stones is gradually warming, the forecast of profits and the investment proposal. In terms of internal sales, we see a continuous release from the clean dividend under the new product g10plus.
On the external side, considering the easing of maritime transport, it is important to note that firms have increased competition in the off-the-shelf sector with a recovery in demand; shortages in the supply of raw materials; and sales of new products have fallen short of expectations.