Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466.sz) Non-ferrous/relative Metals No. extreme Thai, ready for launch — Tianqi Lithery Company Tracking Report
Illustratively, is the Taiwan lithium industry worth investing in in 2021? Two recent developments in the upstream lithium plate have attracted widespread attention in the capital market, namely, the rise in the price of lithium carbonate and the beginning of the expected improvement in the debt of the Taiwan lithium industry?
• Lithium Tian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qi Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian
With the world’s highest-quality Lithium-based gold mine, the Greenbush Lithium Monument Mine, the stock-sharing sqm, sqm has the right to exploit the world’s highest-quality salt lake, the salt lake, tacama.2 The debt problems of the Tin Chi Lith industry have gone smoothly, and the risk of bankruptcy has been eliminated.
Billion dollars, with the remaining $1.884 billion after implementation), the pressure on the principal has shifted to $684 million at the end of next year, and the industry as a whole has entered the upper cycle, and the value of the lithium resource enterprise is being revalued. We expect to be 10,000 vehicles, +57% in 2021. The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium hydroxide is now up.
4. Under the neutral scenario, a net profit of 500 million yuan is expected in 2021 from the Taiwan Lithium industry. According to the 2021 shipment, the Tyllison Lithium mine is expected to produce 750,000 tons (an interest reduction of about half), the Taiwan Division is expected to produce 40,000 tons of lithium salt, the Sqm lithium salt is expected to reach 100,000 tons, and the debt interest is expected to reach 1.5 billion yuan.
The price of different lithium salt corresponds to different performances, and we expect a net profit of 500 million yuan in 2021 in the Tianqian lithium industry in a neutral scenario (i.e. $80,000 per tonne of lithium carbonate). ● Investment proposal - maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating
We look forward to the company’s long-term competitiveness as the global leader of lithium resources, standing at the present point, with industry rising lithium prices and further solutions to the corporate debt problem, whether the company is expected to be very good, ready for recovery, performance and market value. We expect the company to make a net profit of $500 million in 2021.
“Very recommended” ratings maintained. Rapid price downside risks; severe global economic downturns due to, inter alia, the new crown epidemic; global currency flows.
Risks of continued contraction; less than expected risks of new energy vehicles being sold; Bulletin Statement, Purchase of Debts Gradually Obtained in Lithium Industry: The Bottom of the Industry
“Financial costs drag overall performance, multi-channel financing promising improved profitability”, 2019-08-221, Introduction — Is the lithium industry worth investing in 2021?
Two recent developments in the upstream lithium plate have attracted widespread attention in capital markets, namely, the rise in the price of lithium carbonate, and the beginning of the expected improvement in the debt problems of the Tin Qi lithium industry, which is the world’s lowest-cost lithium resource, which has been valued in the past because of debt problems.
In the above context, more and more investors are beginning to wonder what the future of the Taiwan lithium industry will be, is it worth investing in the Taiwan lithium industry in the period - 2021? Domestic battery-grade lithium hydroxide prices (millions of yuan/tons)
For mining companies, core competitiveness is a cost. For lithium industry, the highest quality of the world's lithium resources are deployed.
The world’s highest-quality lithium mine, the Greenbush Lithium Monument Mine, is owned by Telison, and the world’s highest-quality salt lake, the Tacama Salt Lake, is mined by Sqm. The global lithium carbonate cost curve
In terms of the distribution of lithium resources, the Green Bush mine is the world’s largest in size and grade. As of March 31, 2018, the total stock of the Green Bush Minerals Central Pulse was about 6.9 million tons of lce, of which lithium oxide was about 2.1 per cent, compared with the mineral reserves of hard rock lithium mines, short-term producers, etc., in most operations.
The global lithium mine distribution is 0.9-1.5% for less than 1 million tonnes of lce and the salaldeatacama in sqm has 42.9 million tonnes of lithium reserves.
By contrast, most of the halogic water resources ranged from 1 million to 7 million tonnes of lce, with a range of 300 to 1,000 ppm. The global distribution of halogic water reserves is as follows:
2.2 The debt problems of the lithium industry have moved forward successfully, and the risk of insolvency has been eliminated The pre-existing problems have eroded profits due to the debt problem, but it now appears that there is a sounder solution to the problem of the natural debt, and the risk of insolvency is expected to be eliminated.
Let's take a look at the debt and financial costs of the lithium industry. The reason why the lithium industry is heavily indebted is that the loan of $3.5 billion for the purchase of sqm 23.77 per cent of equity in late November 2018 was considered for repayment in late November of that year.
As a result, the amount remaining to be repaid amounts to US$ 3,084 million. In order to keep the company running, the company had to borrow part of the short- and long-term loans, resulting in up to RMB 2 billion in 2019.
The company offered to introduce igo, an Australian mainland company, as a war input board,1 25 per cent of Telison ' s equity;2 priority supply rights for the Telison mine;
3 - 49% of the 48,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide project in Quinana.2 The holdings of Telison have been maintained; 3 - the introduction of igo Quinana assets from mainland Australia.
The programme is still in progress and will require approval by the parties (China, Australia, the United Kingdom, loan groups, etc.) and it is expected that progress will be made in the first half of 2021.
Half ($3.5 billion in original and $1,884 million in post-implementation), and the pressure on the principal has shifted to $684 million by the end of next year and $1.2 billion by the end of the year. 2.3 The industry has entered the upper cycle, and the business value of lithium resources is being revalued.
We expect 2021 to be a year of growth in the volume of new energy cars, leading the entire industry into the upward cycle, exposing the upstream lithium resource industry to a re-valued re-evaluation. The new global energy vehicle 2020, driven by the over-intensity of subsidy policies and the heat of new cars, is driven by factors such as the fact that it’s the most expensive.
The global market for new energy vehicles is expected to rise up in 2021, with a rapid increase in penetration, reaching 4.34 million vehicles a year, or 57%. Currently, domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium hydroxide prices have been opened up to supply in 2021.
Under the assumption that 2021 will be a high-growth annual (millions) 2.4, neutral, a net profit of 500 million yuan in 2021 from the Tianqi Lithium industry is projected to yield 750,000 tons of lithium from the 2021 shipment (a reduction of about half of the equity),
Under the assumption that the price of different lithium salts corresponds to different performances, we estimate a net profit of 500 million yuan in 2021 for the Tianchi lithium industry (i.e. 80,000 yuan per tonne of lithium carbonate) under a neutral scenario where it is estimated that 40,000 tons of lithium salt will be shipped and 90,000 tons of lithium salt will be produced, and that interest on debt is projected at 1.5 billion yuan.
Twenty-six per cent (but not yet) of Tylison's current production capacity of 1.35 million tons in phase I, 600,000 tons in phase II, 35,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 0.5 million tons of lithium hydroxide in terms of lithium salt in terms of actual requirements, and a total of 48,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate in terms of capacity-building, of which 24,000 tons of hydrogen oxygen in phase I in Quinana, are under construction.
The lithium project, which is expected to reach production by the end of 2022, is expected to produce 40,000 tons of lithium salt in 2019-2020/2011, which is associated with sales and prices of sqm in the course of the year (a prudent assumption that the return on investment is related to performance and that there is little change in valuation).3 Investment recommendation - maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating
We look forward to the company’s long-term competitiveness as the global leader of lithium resources, standing at this point, with the industry’s outlook rising lithium prices and further solutions to corporate debt problems, it is expected that the company will be in the best position, ready for growth, and that both performance and market value will be restored. We expect the company to make a net profit of $500 million in 2021, and we maintain that “very strongly”.
The risks of further deterioration of corporate debt have not been met by the introduction of the Igo programme; the risk of a rapid decline in lithium prices; the risk of a downturn in the global economy caused by, inter alia, the new crown epidemic; the risk of a continued contraction in global monetary liquidity; and the risk of less than expected sales of new energy vehicles.