Hale Jiist (600690) Home appliances, increased both in- and out-of-sea operations and increased profitability, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: the company published its first quarterly report in 2023, with 2023q1 generating revenues of $65.7 billion, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year; the parent's net profit of $3.97 billion, an increase of 12.6 per cent in the same year; the non-net profit of $3.7 billion, an increase in the volume of domestic and foreign business and a shift in the product mix + the high end. On the domestic front, 2023q1 company's domestic electricity revenues
In terms of products, companies have been growing steadily through product technology upgrades and multi-grade, multi-priced segment layouts, leading the direction of the industry; and, in the case of major business refrigerators, companies have introduced multiple flat-lined products.
q1 embedded refrigerator revenue grew by 190%. On the overseas side, q1 corporate income from overseas business grew by 11.3%, with the firm deepening its high-end transformation with the introduction of 905cd refrigerators in the European market, 90 wide new t-doors 7 ice boxes, a brand-new h20 dishwasher, and many high-end new products, including 42% high-end brands and Hel.
The price index reached 124. In addition, the company strengthened the new industry layout by developing new business developments in the North American market, such as R&D on RV air conditioning, plumbing, multi-line, etc. There was a steady increase in profitability. During the reporting period, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 28.7 per cent, an increase of 0.2 pp over the same period.
In the middle, the Māori rate in the domestic market has risen by the same year, and the Māori rate in the overseas market has fallen by the same year, but the decline has been narrow by the same season. The small increase in Māori rates has benefited from product structural upgrading, global platform R&D, digitalization of procurement and R&D, falling prices of raw materials: Māori rates abroad have been constrained by increased competition in major regional industries and sales of products.
In terms of cost rates, the cost of selling companies was 13.6%, a decline in the same year, expanding access points and promoting supply-chain optimization. In domestic markets, companies continuously expand their global channels on the one hand, offline, adding more than 300 front-line contact points, including home building materials, online channels, and so on.
There are more than 50 contact points for content dealers such as tremors, fast hands, little red books; on the other hand, there is a steady increase in the coverage of scenery services, with q1 three-wing birdgate retail sales rising by 2 pp, air conditioning, cooking power, waterhouse electricity, etc.
In addition, companies continue to promote the optimization of the supply chain by improving cost competitiveness through initiatives such as full manufacturing capacity for core parts, application of digital cost models, dynamic optimization of supplier networks. Companies deepen the distribution of supply chains across the country, March 2023.
Investment of $160 million in the construction of the Egyptian Eco Garden, with more than a million production capacity expected to accelerate market development in Central and East Africa.
The advantage of high-end sea travel (2023-04-04) will be continuously enhanced to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
3. Hale Jiist (600690): In the marching process, Fang Sano has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for its reasons, for its own sake or for its specific recommendations or views in this report.