Hale Jiist: q1 outperforms expectations, negative growth in overseas operations Events: companies published a quarterly report in 2023, 2023q1 achieved business income of $65,066 million, domestic municipal growth rates continued to rise, and overseas operations accelerated.
\triangleright household electricity revenue grew by more than 8% and, according to Mid-Iekon, Heil's share of retail electricity sales, Lochyang
In April, the compressor joint venture, which invests in Heir, was inaugurated in Chengzhou, and in March, the Egyptian Eco Garden, which invests in Egypt. We believe that by deepening the global supply chain layout, the company will help to upgrade the company’s industrial chain, as well as push it.
Yoon St. Dickens has developed further in overseas markets, and sales and management costs have continued to be optimized, and profitability has increased. 23q1 has achieved Māori.
The rate is 28.70%, compared to +0.04pc, with a small increase in the Māori rate. In cost terms, 23q1 corporate/administrative cost rates were further optimized, q1 corporate financial cost rates were raised mainly due to the increase in interest charges from the sea and q1 corporate interest costs of $394 million, compared to the same amount.
+156.83 +156. Benefiting from cost control, q1 shares the same net return margin as +0.25 pct deepens the global distribution of high-end products and the new layout of the industry drives new growth.
Deepening the high end of the transition, the high end brand of the European market grew by 42%. Kasati entered Pakistan in January, after landing in Europe, Thailand. On the domestic front, Kasati Nebula air conditioners were placed on the market for a month, moving Cassati's high end share up by 3.8 pct, with 23q1 Qatar air conditioners high, according to Mid-Ekang's data.
The share of end-of-pipe air conditioners (>15,000) reached 29.2 per cent; the share of high-end washing machines and refrigerators (>10,000) markets reached 40/86.3 per cent respectively, and the new type of products in the Helby layout showed the same visibility as in q1 with the same rates for washing machines, dryer machines, home robots + 17 per cent, + 37 per cent, respectively.
+58%. We believe that Hale can further improve the corporate landscape through more product-type layouts, solutions that will help to further improve the user experience, while raising the price of the guest bill and raising the company's revenue.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. failed to meet expectations, synthesizing/scenario education failed to achieve expectations, exchange rate fluctuations were significant,
In Beijing, itd has been working on commercial communications equipment development at the tp-link hardware development department.
New wealth in 2015 and 2017, third place at school in 2017, gold bull prizes in 2017, water development centre in 2019, research in the household electricity industry. Yoon Sundai, research assistant in the household electricity industry. Master ' s degree in regional economics, University College, London, Corvinus University, Budapest.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.