28 April 2023: The company published a quarterly report in 2023, which generated a gross operating income of $6566 million, up from the same period in the previous year
8.02 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, which is 3,971 million yuan, an increase of 12.60 per cent over the same period in the previous year. In the Central American electricity market, the share of total retail sales of household electricity reached 28.1 per cent, an increase of 1.4 points in the same year.
In 2023, q1, the three-wing Birdgate retail sales increased by 2 percentage points, air conditioning, cooking power, water power, etc.
In the first quarter of 2023, companies performed better overseas, with growth of over 11 per cent. 1 firm deepened its high-end transformation with a 42 per cent increase in high-end brands and a 124 per cent increase in the Heir brand price index.
Industrial layout, building new growth points, such as building specialized teams in the North American market to speed up the development of new business such as RV air conditioning, roe (ttm) machines, and multi-links.3 Deepening supply chain layouts across the country.2023
In March of that year, the company invested $160 million in the Egyptian market to build an Egyptian ecological park, to build a minimum price of air conditioners, washing machines and cold and so on in December, and to accelerate the company ' s non-market development in the Middle East.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s Māori rate was 28.7 per cent, an increase of 0.1 percentage points in the same year. Domestic markets benefited from product structural upgrading, global platform R&D, acquisition and digital change at the R&D end, lower prices for bulk raw materials, and higher rates of Māori overseas;
Markets, where competition from major regional industries has increased, raw materials for the sale of products have been purchased at a high point last year, and the Māori rate has fallen back from year to year, but has declined from season to season. On the cost side, in the first quarter, sales by companies have been optimized by year to year, while operating efficiency has continued to improve.
The company announces a new round of equity incentives, showing confidence in development. Of these, a share incentives are not more than 2,400 and h incentives total 34. The goal is to use 2022 as the base, and the investment proposal is that the company is one of the country’s three leading white power poles, with improved overseas channels, and sales both within and outside the country.
Risks; risk of price volatility of raw materials; risk of operating abroad; risk of exchange rates; risk of an epidemic.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.