Heil Jiist (600690.sh/6690.hk) Wang Wiescheol 23q1 net profit yoy + 16%, new employee holding plan issued to guarantee growth
Corporate performance: company 2023q1 yields $65.07 billion, y0y+8.0 per cent, net profits recorded from the mother product upgrades, channels continue to expand, and revenue growth is driven by: (1) companies continue to promote product upgrading through R&D, such as the introduction of an embedded series of refrigerator products in the domestic market and 905cd in the overseas market
Refrigerator, new dishwasher, etc., has contributed to the high-end of company products; (2) the company is also active at the end of the Hong Kong Central Settlement, and domestic operations are actively expanding the front channels such as home building materials, adding a new contact point of 300
Multiple channels, such as scuffle, little red books, with more than 50 new contact points and three-wing companies (23.71 per cent) Bird platforms that enhance the glue of users to magnify single-user values, while overseas they deepen supply across the country.
The chain layout, to meet the release of follow-up demand, is expected to provide more than a million home-based capacity after investing in an Egyptian eco park on the Egyptian market in March. The Māori rate has increased slightly over the same period, the cost rate has fallen, and the net interest rate has been boosted: the company’s combined Māori rate of 2023q1
Prices of raw materials have fallen, while the Māori ratio has declined significantly over the same period due to increased regional competition and the continued digestion of high-point purchases of raw materials, but the decline has been narrow on a seasonal basis. In terms of cost, the cost rate for the 23q1 period was 21.7 per cent, a 0.2 pcts decline over the same period, specifically sales/management/finance/research
A package of products, a/h shareholding plan, 2023, tied talent, steady growth: company updates, market-based h shares, incentives for senior executives and core technical staff (a to 2400 members of the unit).
(h) 34 persons) The test is that the net profit from non-repatriation in 2023 increased by no less than 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while institutional investors accounted for 15 per cent of the share in circulation, and Roe was no less than 16.8 per cent.
Designing good management and technical skills, both within and outside the country, with objectives that combine growth and quality, will contribute to profitability predictions and investment proposals: looking ahead, domestic household power operations will build on the growing support provided by the Ministry of State in early 2023, as economic activity resumes, housing delivery resumes.
The text encourages green homes and homes in areas where conditions are in place, which are known to be Guizhou, Xinjiang Kash, $17.4 billion in net annual profits, $19.48 billion, yoy+15.8 per cent, +14.3 per cent, and ps, respectively, we appreciate the progress and operational effectiveness of the corporate smart family eco-strategy, which is now fairly well valued.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.