Vertical integration continues to improve, with a lot of flowers and innovations, 29th of 2020.
9.16 per cent, or 2,469 million yuan, or 287.56 per cent more than the previous year, of which the fourth quarter was marked by improved vertical integration, consumption of electronics and automobiles, with a certain increase in the company ' s revenue from business in 2019 by 9.16 per cent more than the previous year, and a record increase of 287.56 per cent in the net profit from maternity by 287.56 per cent.
In 2019, the company responded positively to the global demand for new products such as glass covers from major brand clients, with high-quality growth in smartphones, smart-wearing devices, flat-board computers, smart home appliances, and many high-end new-energy car manufacturers and countries, including Tesla.
Internationally high-end traditional car manufacturers have deepened their cooperation, and core products have been sold. Companies are now largely building integrated development platforms that integrate vertically across the industrial chain, between the centre and the downstream, expanding market ownership in the segmented areas and accelerating the convergence of high-quality resources with companies.
▪ A significant increase in profitability, leading key indicator industries: the company ' s Māori rate of 25.21 per cent in 2019, which is largely due to the company ' s continued promotion of new products, its active management and its intellectual ability to manufacture, while the industry ' s leading position has accelerated the concentration of quality market resources to the company;
(a) Good business performance, with operating cash flows of $7,251 million in 2019, an increase of 48.78 per cent over the previous year;
Development and layout, which provides clients and the technological base for taking advantage of the blue sea market. 2, Lancet Technologies (300433), New Day, which actively expands the growth border into a completely new period of gold development: the company's glass caps in smart terminals.
Monthly, Credential Innovation 2020-02-27 Area continuously promotes innovation and research and development of new technologies, new processes, new materials, while actively expanding the emerging 3, BluesTechnology (300433): Glass
Operations, in the areas of materials, contact displays, acoustics, metal structures and smart manufacturing equipment.
The company intends to upgrade the technology and scale of its existing operations and actively expand its growth boundaries through targeted incremental projects, such as control, vehicle-borne products, etc.
The market competitiveness of the company is expected to continue to improve with the construction and production of construction projects through the company ' s provisional stock-holders ' assembly.