"LanceTechnology" (300433) IT hardware and equipment.
Incidents: On the evening of 29 April, the company issued a quarterly report for the year 2020, which enabled it to operate for the reporting period by US$ 971 million, compared with an increase of US$ 971 million; on 28 April, the company issued an annual report for the year 2019, which resulted in operating income of 302.58 during the reporting period
The real profits of the company in the first quarter of 2020 were essentially the highest forecast. Indeed, in the prevailing environment, the epidemic was devastating.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Global smartphones are somewhat discouraged, but still do not lose sight of what they do, such as 4,384/4,369
When iphonese was listed, the requisitions went out on the main lines, like p40, 77,682/77,422, which import the quadruple around the screen and ceramic back cover, and the look behind the brightest of the whole thing.
22. 61/6.39 The condensed process reserves and technologies of the Blue Threads, while at the supply end, the delay in the resumption of work and the disruption of logistics have become a challenge for enterprises, and against this background, Lance has done so for the past two years.
The competitive advantage and regional industry influence established by the BluesTechnology (P. 40, Lance Exterior) has been well reflected, with a deep and deep view of the re-emerging glory.
The layout of upstream and downstream industries such as raw materials, specialized equipment and smart manufacturing, as well as improvements in management and systems, are fundamental guarantees that companies are better off than competitors in re-entry, and are also public sources of technology and technological innovation (300433).
The line of production has been able to maintain a good crop rate, eventually achieve high income growth and significantly improve profitability Sustained evolution and the root causes of good client resources and scale delivery.
The controversy over the non-public release scheme is currently the biggest gap in the market. Market discussions on this program have been ongoing since April 10th, when LanceTech (300433) The Real Book of the Undistributed Billion.
We believe that the only criterion for determining the value of companies at any time is to grow, that the $15 billion programme of non-public distribution is currently only a preliminary one, and that in article IX of the “Platform of the resolution of the thirty-second session of the Board of Trustees”, issued on the same day, it is stated that the delegation of authority is open to the public.
The Division's board of directors could “develop and implement specific programmes for this non-public issue and revise and adjust the distribution programme for this non-public issue, including not limited to specific issuance times, number of issuances, price of issuance, target issuers, fund-raising, etc.”
The intention is clear: the company raises so much of the support money itself is diluted most strongly by the major shareholders, and if the future does not yield as much as expected, the market will lose most of the value of the share price that the market does not approve.
It's also a major shareholder, even if it's just a game theory, and it's important to understand that the company's doing this kind of work, and that it's not going to have to make decisions about what it's going through and what it's going to have to do with it, so it's not going to be less stress than any shareholder.
The above-mentioned resolution essentially constrains the “investment and value for money” of the non-public distribution program, and strictly controls the risks of the implementation process. The ancient sayings, the big words, the big ones, the big ones, we judge and believe that the company designed this one.
Large amounts of non-public distribution, inevitably in the context of big industry opportunities and leapfrogging, based on the core position and technical capabilities of the global first-line smartphone package over the years, are investing in the medium- and long-term, provided that the company has a charter that clearly controls implementation risks.
Width, this future is observable to track and possibly deliver better growth. Once the outline of the Division's input programme is clearly defined and more market validated, all current disputes will be the best expectation of future market value increases for companies, and why not for companies?
The innovation of smartphone architecture is an important basis for companies to move forward. Currently, the industry is at an important time in the early autumn of a 5g-scale commercial year, with 5g mobile phone products in Andre, the major brand manufacturers, and 5g versions of iPhone, to be released in the second half of the year, at 5g.
During the wave of new smartphones, major branders must not miss their lead, and the product's competition will be further exacerbated by the appearance of glass, ceramics, sapphire, whether it's the visual sense shock that the Andre brand is after, or whether it's a customer-friendly.
The expectation of a stronger carrying capacity will eventually be reflected in a higher level of value, while the continuous upgrade of the skin will place more stringent requirements on the supplier's technological reserve, the size of its capacity, and the fact that Lance, as the absolute leader in the industry, has rarely been able to do so.
For the next three quarters, the expected growth in performance has been exceedingly high, and this trend will continue in the face of the increasing difficulty of the manufacturing process and the accelerated pace of evolution.
The head profits will go more to Lance, the leader of a technology and capacity reserve, where the countercyclical input of the past two years and the forward R & D have been drawn into a clear line with the competitors. The ice is three feet cold, and the ground is a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain, and it's a mountain.
The net annual profit is 3,899, 4,712 million and 6,097 million yuan, and the current stock price corresponds to the new product: (3) the adverse price reduction of competitors leads to a decline in the industry ' s profit margin. (4) The risk of uncertain macroeconomic fluctuations is felt in tourist households ' q2q3 orders.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Building up mountains, Festus Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.