The flagship effect highlights the fact that performance exceeded expectations. Public announcement: the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020, resulting in net profit to the mother of $879-884 million in the first quarter of 2020, and a loss of $9,696,62 million over the same period last year.
Performance forecast for the first quarter of the year, with a net profit of $879 million to $884 million in the first quarter of 2020, represents a significant loss in comparison. The main benefits are the acceleration of the concentration of high-end product resources to companies, with sufficient orders and demand for the company ' s major products.
(c) The company's outstanding performance in disease control, storage of raw materials and production has ensured the resumption of work.
The production was carried out in an orderly manner, and the overall production business remained efficient and stable during the first quarter of 2020, meeting the high demand of downstream clients in a timely manner. The glass caps have a significant long-term effect, benefiting the larger clients from the new stock: the company's smart terminal.
Continued promotion of innovation and R & D in new technologies, new processes, new materials and new products in the field of slabs, one-stop integrated solutions for clients, high-end glass sheet products gaining a large number of world-famous smart terminal manufacturers on a commercial scale, further enhancing the overall competitive advantage and industry of companies
Influence has increased market access in the area of segmentation, and high-quality resources have accelerated to converge with companies. With clients like Apple, Hua, smart smartphones, smart wearable devices, flat-plate computers, and so on, 1 and LanceTech (300433): Sunny New.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the continued release of new products in the end-capable areas.2 BluesTech (300433): Glass Automobile Electronics is advancing steadily and is expected to open up new space for company growth: the company actively promotes diversity
The company has now made available to its product customers, including Tesla, vehicle-borne electronic equipment such as a medium-screen, a stable physical structure, and a large supply of equipment.
3 LanceTechnology (300433): Industry, high-end smart cars and other new business blocks have grown at high speeds and high quality, with companies benefiting from the volume of glass sheets at the tap.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. already has a portfolio advisory board.