• Re-iterate the “buy-in” rating of LanthyTech: We are more optimistic about Lance's growth next year. 1) The company will fully enjoy the innovation cycle of 3d glass, utg screens, pet film, glass racks, chains, etc.
) The company's perfect layout in the field of robotics, including head module, smart hand, body structure, whole assembly, etc., is expected to continue to grow significantly on a year-on-year basis. 3) The car glass will increase significantly next year. 4) The company's layout on the one server will also be expanded.
• Recorded the highest three-quarter revenue in history: in the third quarter of this year, Rance earned 20.7 billion yuan, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year and 30 per cent in the ring. The Māori rate was 19.1 per cent, the effect of the change. The cost of the company improved in the same year.
Not for $2.27 billion and $1.70 billion, but for the same and ring increases. Qualified on the basis of performance: we used the segment plus general valuation method to value Lance.
The demand for consumer electronics, such as mobile phones, has recovered less than expected, and growth has been weaker. There has been a weak increase in the volume of new domestic and foreign car sales.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
The higher volume of products such as metal, glass, assembly and so on from smartphones is influenced by United States customs duties, demand from home and abroad for smartphones, higher value of cellular glass, and better Māori rates;
(a) Weaknesses, resulting in weak output of products such as metals, glass, assembly, hair, strong growth in automobile operations, and growth in profits;
(a) The limited growth of the automobile business, which is hampered by the growth of customers;
The growth in corporate costs is higher than expected. Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected.
The higher volume of products such as metal, glass, assembly, etc. from smartphones is influenced by United States customs duties, weak demand from home and foreign customers of smartphones, resulting in weaker shipments from metal, glass, assembly, etc.
During the period, the value of cellular glass rose considerably and the Māori rate improved; Automobile business grew robustly, driving profit growth; and new industries such as robotics, ai glasses, ai servers, camera clouds, etc.
(a) The limited growth of the automobile business, which is hampered by the growth of customers;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.