Non-financial companies have maintained high crop rate of 25q2 and continued abundance of product matrices Investment rating: increase (maintenance)
\triangleright Gossip Girl has maintained a high crop rate of 2025q2 and sustained growth in business performance. \225q2 achieved a revenue of 2,863 million yuan.
The growth in corporate business performance is mainly due to a moderate recovery in semiconductor markets, a positive expansion of output and a high level of capacity utilization, coupled with various mitigation efficiency initiatives. Products and programmes: the product matrix continues to be rich, and multiple areas move forward together.
Of these, 44% were new energy sources (car types and new energy sources), 38% were consumer electronics, 9% were industrial and 9% were communications equipment. The sales of corporate mosfet products continued to expand in the areas of automotive electronics, industrial controls, ai-services, etc., and the latest generation of super-crysg4 and sgtmosg6 products.
The market is fast-paced, driving the application of mosfet products to a comprehensive and high-end approach. 2025h1, the company's igbt products are in industrial control (with photovoltaics), car electronic sales account for more than 70%, and the bulk of car regulation products is stable to auto power aggregates, heat management, leading customers in the field of motor power, obc, and Tier 1.
On the body side, revenues from the sale of carbide silicon and nitroazine devices have increased at the same rate, and multi-car regulation siccos and modules around obc/dcdcc, vehicle air-voltage machines, master-driven reverse change have been sampled and tested for certification and mass import at the head of the industry.
Manufacturing and services: advanced technology platforms continue to develop. 2,239 million yuan, of which 2,225h1 is generated, with crystal rounding of 100 million yuan. With regard to manufacturing process platforms, the company ' s 0.11 mulle-flash, 0.15 mmdbbcd and other technology platforms are entering risk volume production.
4%, a 27% increase in the same year. The model business 2025h1 sales grew by more than 40% on a year-on-year basis, the company speeded up 90nm client certification, and the technology to enhance the model simultaneously has 55nm R & D capability. 58, 42 times more. Hua Yuu has the capacity to operate in an integrated whole-of-industry chain, and the product lines are growing together to maintain a “increase”
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.