On 24 March, the company released its annual report for 2023, which generated $7,281 million in operating income.
Six months ago, financial institutions experienced a decline in the implementation rate of the 17 budget, more stringent project management, extended client procurement lines, procurement decision-making processes and receiving and inspection processes, which affected the growth of the company ' s income in the fourth quarter of the year compared to previous years.
In 2023, the company continued its trend of revenue growth at a higher rate than cost, with a further improvement in the quality of development, with a combined Māori rate of 74.85%, the highest in nearly three years. Companies continued to invest more in R & D to optimize their technology R & D systems.
The number of company product technicians was 9535, or 72.3 per cent of the total number of companies; stock managers in the 17th industry led by the Core System, which completed the IT-adaptation; companies were the main core system suppliers in the securities industry, and products were in the business for a long time.
At present, innovation in information technology applications in the financial sector has moved into a “deep water zone”, and the core total equity/flow capital (billion shares) of 19.00/19.00 operational systems will be the focus of the next phase of building financial institutions.
uf3.0 of the new generation core trading system uf.0 completes full-link credit matching with the highest/minimum price within 52 weeks with a system covering 167 high-low-frequency trading scenes and stable system performance, entry
The letter start-up phase. 045 completes a full-scale credit start, 53 new customers are signed, and the Hangzhou Hengsheng Electronics Group has made a good start in upgrading the securities fund insurance industry, setting the stage for full bulk delivery.
R. While events such as fee reductions by financial institutions may affect the budget of downstream int expenses, companies, as leading players in the IT industry, continue to benefit from product overlaps, letter substitution and large modeling, and continue to grind large vertical industry models lightgpt
Month, the latest capacity upgrade results of Lightgpt were published, increasing the overall model by 15%, security compliance by 13%, reasoning by 50%, and targeting financial institutions to achieve the opening source of lightgpt-7b, with the full range of reasoning and training available in the context of the Chinese series.
On two core scenarios, the advantage of lightgpt capacity is evident: (1) client: lightgpt, by adding more than 12 million tokens in specialized language, reducing financial and fiscal copyright and daily language materials, and fine-tuning 12 mission directives.
(b) Integration of the challenges of language, intellectual hallucinations, strict regulation, which, on average, exceed the national generic model in terms of pacifying speech generation, customer intent identification, physical identification, json identification capability (2) Input: lightgpt improved transformer by using position-based coding
Models, fine-tuning of over 20 billion tokens of financial information and 8-type task instructions, addressing issues such as ultra-long text processing, mix of graphics and text, development of a variety of terms, extraction at point, situational recognition and extraction, summary of information, table processing, corporate entity identification
On average, more than 12% of the country’s larger models are available. • In cooperation with China, the development of the Hong Mengwon applications was completed on 10 November 2023, and companies and China formed a strategic partnership.
On 18 January of that year, the company formally signed a cooperation agreement with the Chinese terminal, under which, on the basis of Harmonyos, the investment winner applied to complete the development of the halmonyosnext-based Hong Man-won, which will achieve full coverage of the three major mobile phone operating systems: android, ios and harmonyos, which are now supported.
At present, the series of investment winners has served more than 60 financial institutions, indirectly covering more than 30 million wealth managers. Next, the company will further increase its investment in the right mix of the Hong Kong system, gradually covering money and investment.
On March 14-15, China held 2024 in Shenzhen for China’s Partners’ Congress. During the Congress, Hengsheng joined China to issue a joint solution to the securities trading system.
A combination of high-performance database product packages such as goussdb databases, high-performance servers, dorado storage and cloudengine exchange units to achieve low-time delay, high-scaling and high-reliability technology autonomy in the securities trading system through combined hardware and software
(b) Data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and public.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.