Accurate operations show results and core business is steadily moving forward Events: Permanent Electronics released 2023 annual reports, companies generated $7,281 million, compared to Helium Electronics (600,570.sh)
Deduction of non-net profit of 1,448 million yuan, an increase of 26.55 per cent over the same period; achievement of net operating cash flows with bright performances on each of the major lines and smooth progress in core operations. In 2023, the sub-product lines saw: (1) wealth and technology services were raised by 1,734 million yuan, a rise of 427 per cent over the same period.
During the same period of the year, the slowdown was mainly due to the slowdown in demand for existing products in the market and the unfinished demand for IT-type products, the completion of two headbill projects, the completion of a full-link transactional pilot in Shenzhen headbills, and the signing of two new strategic clients.
The project was completed. (2) Management of science and technology services generated $1,712 million, an increase of 9.27 per cent over the same period. In terms of business progress, core product O45 has completed full-scale letter development, 53 new clients, and 24 clients, including the Wallau Foundation, have completed construction, companies, etc.
The new generation of tas has signed up to nearly 100 new customers, connected to each other.
In the area of corporate services, pb2.0, 20 new clients, pb-initiated at the head voucher firm. In addition to the above three business sections, companies are working on the risk and platform science and technology services/data services business/innovation business/innovation business.
Businesses, insurance cores, and financial infrastructure science and technology services, respectively, continue to operate in a more refined manner, with revenues growing faster than overall costs. In 2023, companies continued to refine operations management, improving the quality of income, and the overall income grew faster than costs.
The annual corporate sales/management costs/research and development costs are $590/9.53.661 million, respectively. The company maintains a high level of R & D inputs and a high proportion of skilled personnel, providing incentives for technological innovation in the company, and is expected to be competitive in the company ' s products, in the context of overall control fees and fine management.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. focuses on the development of digital finance and the upgrading of the core system for autonomous innovation.
In 2023, the company released a number of new financial products based on large predictive modeling techniques, including the IRIS platform, Warrenq, the Financial Smart Assistant, and professional orientation.
The big model of the financial sector is lightgpt. At present, the above-ai products are officially open to public scrutiny, and large model applications are being built together with a number of clients. In the area of credit, all of the company’s main products have been matched with credit and have helped more than 70 financial institutions to achieve ownership of their core business systems.
Profit projection and investment rating: the company was a leading manufacturer of domestic finance in 2023, idc \triangleright \triangleright
Some of them have not been, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) holds the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.