High profit growth, big models bring good opportunities for development.
• The securities it leads, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, and the steady growth in corporate income in 2023, with a sustained efficiency gain. Given the impact of changing client demand, the Division will continue to improve the quality of income, with large models providing a good opportunity for development and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
• The company issued its annual report for 2023, and the efficiency gains continue to show their points. The company continues its trend of higher income growth than the cost increases, and the efficiency gains continue to show.
In terms of operations, (1) revenues from wealth science and technology services grew by 4.27 per cent, and the rate of growth slowed, mainly as a result of slower market demand, incomplete release of demand for information technology products and increased competition. (2) revenues from management of science and technology services grew by 9.27 per cent, growth stabilized, positive progress was made on o45, 53 new clients were signed, and the Huabel Fund was completed.
Twenty-four clients were completed. (3) Operating and institutional science and technology services increased by 14.32 per cent, new generation of tas close to 100 new clients and completed on-line with top-stamp clients; new generation valuation systems signed more than 30 clients and replaced friends with head-fund clients. (4) Risk and platform science and technology services, data services, innovation business, business.
Gold, insurance core and financial infrastructure science and technology revenues are increasing at 19.06%, 19.27%, 12.48%, and the future continues to improve the quality of income.
The company's business objective for 2024 is to “maintain a steady growth in revenue, continuously improve the quality of corporate income, and measure low commercial speed — company update report” The company will continue to improve its efficiency and maintain a sound financial structure and operating cash flow in terms of income growth.” The company will:
With the rapid development of large model technologies, the growth of non-profits, the growth of the credit-for-profit momentum, is expected to provide a good opportunity for companies to develop. The company has worked with hundreds, Ali, and Hua to develop models.
The products have been built with a number of clients. Based on the home-grown language model incubating intelligent investment product, Warrenqchat, the performance forecast is over-expected, and the number of active users of the ai applications and chhatminer, warreno, continues to grow and is expected to become a new growth point in the future.
Term - Corporate Update Report 2023.7.17