The company achieved business income of 2,715 million yuan, an increase of 32.61 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return to the mother of 1,198 million yuan; and issued a quarterly report in 2023, with 2023q1 generating operating income of 808 million yuan, an increase of the same amount.
31.53 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $330 million, an increase of 52.73 per cent over the same period. >A high growth in performance in 2022 was in line with expectations. >Access to strong client demand and the ability of the company to operate with excellence has continued to rise, new projects have been successfully delivered, and companies have exceeded their committed performance targets as of 2022.
At the end of the year, the company accumulated about 46,000 operational cabinets, of which more than 90 per cent were on board for mature projects. Cash flows showed good performance, with the company achieving a net operating cash flow of $1,788 million in 2022, a year-on-year trend of strong growth in 2023 and a quarter-on-year performance.
\triangleright continues to rise, the scale of operations continues to grow, with high performance growth during the quarter: 2023q1 companies achieved operating income of 808 million yuan, an increase of 31.53 per cent over the same period, and a return net profit of 330 million yuan, an increase of 52.73 per cent over the same period;
New technologies, such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, are driving the growth of new technologies, and the company’s combined competitive advantages are evident, and a forward-looking layout is promising a golden cycle. With new trends in new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, demand for the data centre industry continues to grow rapidly, and the age of intelligence and overcalculation will accelerate.
lunze technology (300442.sz) first-time coverage report: Parking Lake, Fushan and Huixiang, Chongqing and Lanzhou, forward-looking lead sector idc companies in the “East and West” national arithmetic hub nodes, significant benefits of the data economy era -
From 2023, the company entered a new phase of revenue collection, from one to several park-level data centres across the country, with a continuous increase in the capacity of the company's total onboard and single cabinets, as well as a rapid increase in the capacity of the company.
In addition to this, the company will gradually upgrade the low-power machine cabinets, speed up the deployment of high-secret machine cabinets and liquid cooler cabinets, and move quickly to the Centre for Idea and the Centre for Super-Arithmetic, which will form the Centre for Data, the Centre for Idea, and the Centre for Super-Arithmetic.
Investment proposals: The idc sector is growing rapidly against the backdrop of accelerated penetration of new technologies such as the ai, cloud computing, etc.
\triangleright's methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.