A robust growth in demand, depending on the company's long-term value Investment rating: increase (maintenance) by 41.56 per cent over the same period; net profit return of $4,423 million, an increase of 100.81 per cent over the same period. 2021q3,
The overall trend in the domestic advertising market has been lower and higher, with industry and company operating benefits by 2021 showing smaller prices compared to 300 deep. The performance of the building media has increased steadily, with revenues growing by 33.66 per cent over the same period in the previous three quarters.
Achieving operating income of $848 million, an increase of 42.249 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and as the provision of high-quality films, represented by Lake Changzu, is restored, we believe that the cinema media end will continue to be repaired in the future.
Between $1.628 and $6.062 billion long. The previous year ' s epidemic affected operations, costs and taxes spent less than normal levels, resulting in an increase of $784 million in taxes and charges and $610 million in cost costs in the previous three quarters compared to the same period.
This represents an increase of $1.997 billion in sales costs in the first three quarters, an increase of 37.21 per cent over the same period in the previous year, which is due to an increase in the operating costs of sales personnel whose operating income is closely related. In addition, in accordance with the new lease guidelines, the company has in the current period introduced rental costs for building operations and office premises, warehouses, etc., into fund-raising activities.
But mainly because 2020q4 is in a period of rebounding from the epidemic, the base for the same period last year was larger. Although the domestic advertising industry recovered somewhat in 2021 compared to 2020, it was ambitious.
In view of the recurrent effects of the economy and the epidemic, and the pressure on the advertising market in the second half of the year, the demand side has performed well, the escalator value has been strong, and the Division has maintained a steady growth trend in the consumer goods sector, which continues to prove the company's business.
2.21h1 is expected to increase at a high rate, with the staircase tap value highlighted by the first mid-year bonus of 2021q3 for a total of $3.04 billion in gold, which was implemented on 22 October 2021. The company will write off its stock and then complete it.
We believe that, as the income structure of the company gradually improves, the daily digestive client ratio will smooth out performance volatility, and the company’s cyclicality will diminish, driven by the logic of the new consumption. And the cost side will remain stable, the leverage of the business will be highlighted, and the future will be smooth as the cinema’s media business becomes positive.
Normalizing, the net profit ends will perform well, with the prospect of a higher valuation. Companies have the scarcity of underline flow entrances, and in the future, as quarterly data progresses, we look forward to the year-round growth in performance and investment opportunities associated with higher valuations.
The macroeconomic environment has not recovered as expected; regulatory policy risks; new products from traditional consumer goods companies and new consumer brands from new economies have not recovered as expected; cinemas have recovered as expected; outbreaks have been repeated; and media-listed company content strategies and investment experiences have been experienced.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.