\triangleright dollars, +22% of the year. The company ' s 25h1 net profit has improved on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that this is mainly due to a recovery in production operations, with an increase in fixed cost coverage; an increase in the international passenger ratio, with increased profitability; and good cost controls in the company in the first half of the year.
All right, 25h1 operating costs are equal to -0.3%. Aircraft landings and passenger infestations continue to grow with the same growth in aviation revenues, and international passenger flows return to 2019 \triangleright
Over 90% of the same period led to an increase in unit prices. The same growth in the two passenger flows and aircraft landings and landings in Rainbow led to an increase in aviation revenues: 412,000 flights in 25h1 aircraft, +4.7% in comparison, 66 million passenger throughputs, +8.9% in comparison with 8.4% in comparison to 8.4% in comparison with the previous year. International passenger flows recovered to the same year in 2019.
Over 90 per cent of the period led to an increase in the unit value of aviation revenue: the P5H1 international passenger flow recovered to 93.6 per cent in 2019, the international passenger flow continued to recover, while the share of the revenue from two units in Shanghai was +3.4 per cent and the ratio of the revenue from one trip to 0.9 per cent.
Tax-exempt rents are still under pressure, with 25h1 revenue from commercial catering increasing on the same basis or being largely taxed. \triangleright entry down on the same date: December 2023, company announcement with Shanghai, Japan, supplementary agreement to restore the base rent and raise the rent.
The high model, but the level of the raise and the bottom rent has been significantly lower than before and the rent is still recognized on the basis of sales. 25h1 does accept tax-free rents of $630 million, compared to 3.1 per cent. Given the growth in international passenger flows, we believe that the short term is still stable.
The company’s revenue from commercial catering is $1.09 billion, or +2.3 per cent, and considering that the company’s 25h1 advertising and tax-exempt revenue are both on the same scale, we believe that the increase in tax-based business income was the main driver of the company’s business income in the first half of the year. The airport’s business section recommends that attention be paid to the signing of new agreements after the end of the tax-exempt contract, as well as to the progress and potential increase in tax-based commercial recruitment.
Company 25h1 has good operating cost controls, and terminal assets and equity investment returns are robust.
Operating costs are equal to -0.3%, manual/amortized/operational maintenance costs are equal to +0.4%/-0.8%/+0.8%, and other non-aerial operations, such as logistics, are substantially equal to operating costs if the volume increases. Other non-aerial operations, such as logistics, are resilient: 25H1 Rainbowpool, with equal volume + 5.1%, international volume + 5.5%, and logistics revenue of 834 million yuan are substantially equal.
Ken: Pudong oils, tax-free shares of 25h1 contribute 2.2 million yuan, compared to 11% and 95%, respectively, and we expect companies to continue to benefit from high-quality equity assets. The investment proposal is that the company is the core subject of the recovery of international routes and benefits from the expansion of foreign access, albeit in the short term.
Tax-exempt sales are under pressure, but the international passenger flow at Pudong Airport is still of significant value to tax-exempters in the medium to long term, while the revenue side is expected to benefit from tax business optimization, cost-side attention and cost control.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.