Shanghai Airport (600.0009.sh): Cost control, effective and weak non-air revenue performance, Shanghai Airport
Incident: In 2025, H1 received $6,353 million, an increase of 4.78 per cent over the same period, and the company's assets consisted of “Shanghai East Airport” and “Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport”, with funds such as terminal buildings and runways at the airport.
The flow of passengers resumed and air revenue continued to rise: 4,116 million passengers at Pudong Airport 25h1, output, operations concentrated in the management of the two main airports in Shanghai and 11.6 per cent more than in the same year, with domestic and international routes increasing by 3.77 per cent and 26.25 per cent, respectively; and the Rainbow Bridge.
The company, drawing on the advanced experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, has established an equal 4.75% increase in passenger traffic in terms of safety and security.
The company has a well-developed, fully staffed and innovative mechanism to regulate transparent internal management and efforts.
Passenger and mail-related revenues are growing faster, and we believe that the increase in passenger traffic, mainly at Pudong Airport, is evident in providing an excellent experience of airport truth services for foreign and Chinese passengers, actively launching the "Ten Services New Initiatives" to upgrade the airport.
Higher than the increase in aircraft landings (an increase of 11.61 per cent in passenger traffic and 5.71 per cent in aircraft landings at Pudong Airport), which indicates a certain increase in the number of passengers on the routes connected with Pudong Airport during the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, corporate logistics services generally showed a low rate of increase in non-aerial earnings, given the rising volume of passengers. Total equity/flowa shares (million shares)
Cost controls are excellent, triggering a rapid increase in plastic income: in the first half of the year, corporate labour costs, operating costs, circulation b/h (millions) and depreciation amortization costs were 0.43 per cent, 0.76 per cent and 0.76 per cent, respectively, respectively, and cost increases were significant.
The airport, as an industry with a higher share of rigid costs, is expected to continue to increase in profitability as capacity utilization continues to rise. Equity investment has steadily contributed to profits: corporate investment returns in the first half of the year totalled $457 million, compared to the same period last year.
One hundred and twenty-one million yuan (US$ 217 million (US$ 196 million) in investment earnings from oil companies, two hundred and forty-nine million yuan (US$ 200 million) in investment earnings from Shanghai and Shanghai, respectively, and 32 million yuan (US$ 75 million (US$ 75 million) in investment returns from the combined contributions from the Trade Fund, the Trade Fund III and the United Nations Joint Fund for Oil (US$ 75 million) in the same period last year).
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: The company ' s performance is expected to pick up in the years 2025-2027, with an increase in airport capacity utilization and the resumption of non-aerial operations such as tax-exempt operations, advertising, etc.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Shanghai Airport (60009.sh): Effective cost control, weak non-air revenue performance, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Shanghai Airport (6000.09.sh): Effective cost control, weak non-air revenue performance, source of financial prosperity in the East.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, 9 years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, at the Open Securities Development Researcher's own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Shanghai Airport (600.0009.sh): Cost controls are effective, non-air revenue performance is weak, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.