Self-employed business is a drag on performance and public fund-raising can grow over time Events: Open Securities Report 2022, Corporate Gross Operating Income 25.13 billion yuan in 2022, Wide Securities (000776)
The market’s downside is partially offset by a small increase in the market share of the brokerage business.
At the end of the previous year, it was 0.77% higher: the non-monetary market fund for sales was the third largest recipient of bonds. For futures brokerage, $542 million was net revenue from futures brokerage throughout the year, and the investment business was fully repaired and its performance increased rapidly.
In terms of equity financing, the company focuses on semiconductors, medical health and new energy vehicles, and on the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong, combining platform resources with increased efforts to tap into key regional clients, with a modest 1.2 per cent increase in project reserves.
Bond operations have grown steadily, reaching a bond cover of $14,276 million, or +358 per cent, throughout the year. Large capital operations have become more resilient and have accelerated the layout of “one-to-one cards” and the public-movement track growth period.
Operating income of $786 million, or 23.6 per cent of the year, continued to strengthen core competencies such as active management, product creation, channel marketing, compliance, financial science and technology, and strengthening of infrastructure Building and improvement of operating mechanisms, with corporate pooling/single/specialized asset management net sizes, respectively
The Open Fund/Falkanda Fund received $8,392.13.15 million to realize net profits, and the issue of securities to the CVM was submitted to the CVM for approval of the Public Fund Administrator ' s qualifications, or will be transferred to Sindh Securities Inc.
Now, “one by one”, we expect companies to accelerate their public fund-raising transformation in the future and seize the opportunities of the financial sector to grow and grow.
The investment business in Beijing’s 9th House of the City’s West Side Street is a major drag on performance. The company’s own business earns $1,265 million, compared to 78%.
+28.4% of this total, the size of the investments in the transactional financial assets/other claims was slightly higher in the two-banking markets, and the size of the investments in other claims was significantly higher.
Profit forecasting: We believe that the company’s current performance is largely due to the downside effects of the market, and the decline in its own performance. And the public fund-raising layout of the company has gradually become a distinct feature, showing a strong performance resilience. We look forward to the company’s performance repair and management of wealth and asset management.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for Sino-Musa, a master's degree in economics from Shandong University, a master's degree in economics from the Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-banking financial research experience.
Zhang Kaijing, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.