itd.(000776), rideonthetailwindsofwealthmanagebuy
It's not like I'm the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Longkong-macaogreaterbayayarea, hashelped the companyyaccumulateastrong maretdata customerbase.
I mean, the company's avereragiosbeenrisingsince 2019, with acorrespondingincreasein roe. the overallcapitautilizationefficienciofthecompanyhasbeenhighandtable.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, maketestillunderdevelopedcomparedtothothoftheus, japan, andtheuk.infact, actuallymanagedaumrewatacagrof 63% between 2019-2022q3and the productionofofinvestorsoldnon-moneymarketsetsraisedby 11.5 pctsbetween
2018-20. At the companylevel, gfsecuritieswell-positioned tobebefefitfromthistrend asamajorshareholdofefundandffundund, bothofwhathavedominantpositionsin tututalfundindustry.thetablegrovehoftheiraumhascontributedto 20%or
Related reports 937mnofgfsecurities'22h1netprofit, andweexpecttheirmarketshareandassetst (000776): Widely issued securities:
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The company's comprehensivebusesslayoutispoisedfordrowth, withinvestements (000776): Widely issued securities:
..the company's investmentresearchcapapabilitivebenconstancelyrecognited, playing strongfoundionforvariousinvestments.additionally, the company's's lead, internationalization continues to progress.
Capitamarketbrokeragebussassteadilyrown, with a 5.2% marksharein financingandsecuritieslendbusinessasof 2022h1. earlyningsforcast&drating:asaleadatingbrokeragefirstofoutstandingwealth
Soochowsecurities international managementandassetmanagement documents, gfsecuritieshasdemonstraatedsystemdy brokeragemitedwouldlite
I don't know what you're talking about.
+32%, and +21%, reactively, currespondingtoaperatiof16.995/2.88/10.64xandpb researchinstiute, andparticular itsemproyeesxianghu, jieyuzhu
I've got a lot of money, and yuxiangge.
Chen Weibin  market-based mechanisms + local resources + stable improvement of the efficiency of the universal movement: 1) private sector context determines flexible mechanisms: wide distribution of stockless shareholders (16.43%, 16.40%, 9.01%, largely unchanged since 2012) in order to maintain market-based operating mechanisms and flexible operating models. 2) Guangdong economic advantage provides a wealth base for the development of the company ' s operations with a high level of wealth in Guangdong province, good development policy for the Great Lakes region of Lu Kong, and the ongoing improvement of the modern financial services system in Guangzhou.
Considers that there is still a wide scope for the transfer of the assets of our residents to the equity market. 2) Corporate level: one-size-fits-all head fund, fully benefiting from the great development of wealth management. Wide equity holders reach 22.65%, 54.53%, and the dominance of the products of the head fund contributes to steady growth in aum, increases the net profit from the spread of securities, and 2022h1, which together contribute 937 million yuan in net profits to the spread of securities, with a combined profit contribution of 20.14%, and two head fund-raising will fully benefit from wealth in the future.
In the management sector, the competitive advantage of leading companies is much greater, and we expect both companies to have a further increase in their market share and retention levels. The long-term trend of capital entry and pattern optimization of head fund raising has contributed to wide-scale stock ironing performance fluctuations. 3) Wide-sourced securities (000776); Wide-sourced financial product substitution revenues equal to +85% to $1,095 million, which has increased faster than most head fareers.
Business layout is complete and thin: 1) Investment operations are well under way: after a positive change of history, companies are either going into a cold winter or are about to end (2022h1)
• Widely Issued Securities (000776); Widely licensed net income from fees equal to +5.30 per cent. 2) There are significant advantages to the ability to invest: the research team has won several prizes over the years to actively invest in the wide distribution of securities.
(c) The scale of credit operations is stable: corporate capital intermediation is growing steadily, + mechanisms are leading and internationalization is continuing. As of 2022h1, the share of financing coupons in the market was 5.2%.
There are significant advantages in managing the business, and the company’s main business is growing robustly and will grow more in the future. According to the p/aum valuation, we believe that the Fédération, the Open Fund, helped to raise the company’s value, pre-reported support for professional research and analysis, and, in particular,
Thanks to Soo-Sun, Joe-eun and Goe-Shang's market-based mechanisms plus local resources, operating more efficiently and more efficiently. 1) The private context determines the flexible mechanisms. The company has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, Gilling, Liaoning Dae and Nakayama have been the top three companies since 2012.
The company’s headquarters is located in Guangzhou, located in the Grand Bay region, where it has built a planning centre, benefiting from regional economic dividends. Since 2019, the company’s net return profits have grown steadily, the leverage rate has risen, the hub of the roe has risen, and the company has been restructured.
The use of monetary resources has been more efficient and stable. One is to control public fund-raising, taking advantage of wealth management. 1) At the industry level: the wealth of the population is gradually being transferred to finance, assets, and equity and wealth management is expected to develop. Traditionally, the assets of our residents are in the real estate market, and banks manage their finances.
The financial assets have become more attractive under the new regulations on housing and capital management. Among them, the equity market is an important direction for our residents to transfer their asset allocation. 2) At the corporate level: one-size-fits-all public fund-raising, fully benefiting from significant advances in wealth management.
The competitive advantage of head companies is even greater, and we expect a steady increase in the market share and retention of the two companies, and a sharp increase in product sales. 1) Brokering: Wide-source securities are consistently higher than average industry commissions: 0.0325 per cent of company commissions in 2022h1 and 0.0234 per cent of industry commissions. The main reasons are:
An old front-roller accumulates customers who are relatively insensitive to commission rates and are more sticky; 2 A company owns the largest number of experienced clients in the industry, with an average of more than eight years of experience in the financial services industry, and users are willing to accept differentiated services and pay higher commissions as a result of higher company costs.
The main reason for this is that the equity fund held by the company is the third in the securities department (as of 2022q3, the equity fund/non-monetary fund held at 767,97.9 million yuan, or 1.34 per cent/1.17 per cent of cr. 100, respectively).
Seven major distributors, with $7,534 million under cover, ipo, with $1.4 billion in proceeds and a market share of prizes and prizes; companies are continuing to promote the internationalization of corporate research brands. 3) Credit operations are stable. As a result of the unsatisfactory environment, companies have always been based on the business base, maintaining “customer center orientation” and financing.
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, with all the views contained therein accurately reflecting the personal views of this person with respect to the said securities or issuers; I have made specific suggestions or views in this report.
Past performance is not considered to be the future, either directly or indirectly.