The growth in sales increased by $1.190 billion, a 34.2 per cent increase over the same period. The growth in the company ' s performance in the three-quarters continued its strong performance for two quarters, mainly as a result of a 5.4 percentage point recovery in the company ' s Māori settlement rate, which is in line with our performance rating.
Judgements: 3-quarter growth in corporate sales continued to increase, with sales of $396.1 billion achieved in January-September, an increase of 51 per cent over the same period and 5 percentage points over the period January-June; on the other hand, the firm ' s investments increased significantly in 3-quarters, with new projects significantly larger in size than sales areas, and net debt rates rising still significantly lower than in industry
The company, as the leader of the real estate development industry, fully enjoyed the same 51% increase in real estate sales as it did in the third quarter. The company reached $396.1 billion in contract sales in January-September, an increase of 13% over the previous three quarters, with sales in the North growing faster, in size and gold.
Billion dollars, 1.5% less than the same year, 9.6 million square metres less than the same year, 2.7% less than the same year.
The upward trend is expected to continue, and sufficient pre-sale resources will also support the company’s subsequent performance release. In the mid-2017 report, Vankoa reported a significant recovery in the Māori rate, with a strong focus on market opportunities, a modest increase in investment in the third quarter, and an increase in the total construction space of the project.
Approximately 17.29 million square metres, substantially exceeding 7.96 million square metres, and a cumulative total of 32.61 million square metres of additional items sold in January-September to secure future sales and settlement resources.
In terms of long-lease apartments, the company’s centralized long-lease apartment brand, “Pocket House”, has covered 24 second-line cities with a cumulative acquisition of more than 70,000 rooms and more than 24,000 open. The company has been actively renting apartments and displaying them since 2014.
In the area of logistics, the company’s logistics industry has accumulated 46 projects with 3.66 million square metres of rented property, with an additional 1.1 million during the reporting period.
In October, the Indian Group of the Company's Business Development and Operations Platform launched the first cmbs, a special project to support the beneficial assets of the Golden-Industrial Trench Trust.