Performance continued to grow at a high level, with positive expansion consolidating the vanguard position of 10,000 cola (000002) in the tri-quarterly review of 2017, and companies issued three-quarterly reports in 2017, which cumulatively generated an operating income of 11.7 billion yuan in the previous three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
Contract sales continued to grow at a high rate and profit performance continued to improve at a rate of $1 billion, with 33.8 per cent and 50.7 per cent, respectively, higher than expected and higher than sales in 2016. As at the end of September, sales were still outstanding in the company ' s consolidated statements.
The volume of resources increased to 32.69 million square metres, an increase of 55.3 per cent from the end of last year, a percentage point for the company’s future carry-over, and a 61 per cent increase in the return on corporate investment over the year, together contributing to improved corporate profitability.
In recent years, firms have been well financed and at lower cost, further magnifying their advantages as industry leaders. In this year’s environment, where overall access to finance is tightened, corporate cash in hand provides a solid foundation for firm future development.
In the first three quarters, the company acquired 143 new projects with a total planned construction area of 32.884,000 square metres and an equity plan of 20,995,000 square metres. In terms of investment, 91.6% are located in the second-line cities.
During the previous three quarters, 14 new acquisition projects for company logistics property had a combined planned construction area of approximately 1097,000 square metres. By the end of the reporting period, the company’s parking operations had covered 24 first-line and second-line cities, with a cumulative opening of more than 24,000 units.
Vanko is the leader of a real estate block, actively expanding while maintaining a high rate of growth in sales revenue, and making steady progress in diversified operations. It is expected that Vanko's equity contract sales will outperform this year.
In the report, the following points were noted: over-performance, active deployment of logistics property and long-term rental apartments. Real estate regulation policies were over-expected and company sales fell short of expectations.
Wang Xiang, Master of Accounting, Zhejiang University, used to run a three-year real estate trust.
The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.