High performance, future period - 3-quarterly review of Huanko 2017
Three-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, yielding $11.7 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 0.04 per cent over the previous three quarters, (i) an increase in the Māori rate, an increase in profitability, and a significant increase in the Māori rate, the main beneficiaries of which increased significantly in the previous three quarters.
23.7%, an increase of almost 6 percentage points. The company completed 11.36 million square metres of construction in the first three quarters of the year, representing 46% of the year ' s plan, and the completion of the work was mainly concentrated in four quarters, with the company ' s year-round performance increasing at a rate of 26.65 million and 39.6 billion yuan, respectively, in the first three quarters of the year.
It is clear that by the end of September, the company had sold about $43.21 billion, a 41 per cent increase from the previous year, and the amount of resources remaining, which is a positive addition to the company’s future performance in the third quarter of the year.
In the third quarter, the company built about 11.16 million square metres of additional land rights, amounting to about 74.6 billion yuan, which represents a 60% investment in sales figures over the same period, and a significant increase since June. The company built 21 million square metres of accumulated additional rights in the last three quarters.
The investments were about 48% higher than last year’s level, the companies actively replenished the stock, and the stock of the match was rapidly de-emerged. From the layout, the share of the two-line cities was over 90% in terms of investment amounts.
Long-term interest-bearing liabilities rose by 17 per cent compared to the end of mid-term, mainly due to a significant increase in long-term borrowing, which, overall, remains relatively sound. 23 additional logistics projects for companies in the last three quarters, covering approximately 1.9 million square metres, have exceeded the level of 2016; in addition, the company has exceeded its overall level of 2016.
With regard to long-lease apartments, the company’s centralized long-lease apartment brand “bonding” covered 24 cities by the end of September, with a total of more than 100,000 rooms expected to be acquired in 2017. With regard to commercial property, the Indian Group was the platform for holding and managing the commercial area of 8.5 million square metres in 2017, and the first commercial mortgage asset securitization was launched in October.
The company’s strong sales performance over the last two years and its accelerated industrial concentration have underpinned its future performance; in addition, the subway group has become a cornerstone shareholder in support of the company’s mix of ownership structures, business partnership mechanisms, and city-backed service provider strategies, contributing to the firm’s long-term stability and healthy development.