Jiang Einging brought forward the increase in the Māori rate in the first three quarters, with net profits of yoy + 34 per cent, in line with expectations, to “buy out company performance: company 201.7q1 q3 achieved operating income of $11.7 billion, y0y + 0.04 per cent, recorded
The net profits were $11.1 billion, yoy+34.5 per cent, eps $1.01 and the company ' s performance was in line with market expectations. On a quarterly basis, the company ' s business income of 201.7q3 was 47.3 billion yuan, y0y+12 per cent, net profit recorded $3.8 billion, yoy+30 per cent.
The increase in the Māori carry-over rate during the reporting period: the large increase in net profits due mainly to (1) a decrease in the size of the company ' s carry-over during the reporting period, but an increase in the proportion of high Māori items carried-over, with the increase in the Māori carry-over rate from property operations by 5.4 percentage points to 23.4 percentage points over the same period.
Revenue of $2.4 billion, an increase of $370 million in the same year, (3) changes in tax rates calculated by the battalion, while sales maintained a higher rate of increase and sufficient resources available: the company achieved 26.664 million square metres of sales in January-September 2017, 39.6 billion yuan in sales, yoy + 34 per cent and 51 per cent, respectively, at a significant rate of increase.
Real estate development and operations are better than industry averages (the area and amount of real estate sold in the first half of the country were yoy, respectively).
Real estate management and other production development projects, with a total building area of 32.88 million square metres and an equity building area of 21 million square metres, with 64 additional property projects of the medium-q3 quarter, 17.29 million square metres of construction, land resource acquisition plus
During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their efforts to open up the rental market for housing, with long-lease apartments covering 24 first- and second-line cities, with a cumulative total of 82 projects, with approximately 24,000 open, owning over 500,000 square metres and ranked first among the housing companies.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Following a strong regulatory policy in the city of March-May 50, 10 second-line cities re-imposed a policy of restricted purchases in late September, compounding the effects of an increasingly tight credit policy (youy +26.2 per cent of individual home lending balances by the end of the third quarter, with an increase of 4.6 percentage points over h1, first of all).
For the first time in almost four years, the average interest rate for the suite exceeded the interest rate for medium- and long-term loans for more than five years, and in the second half of the year there was a steady decline in real estate sales, which were expected to continue at a low rate throughout the year.
For a reasonable valuation, we recommend an investment in the "buy-in" of the Ah Unit.Chinaresearchdept. expected compensation (expected return; er) is given as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.