Kang Eining's sales rebounded steadily in November, and performance growth was more certain, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The value of previously sold uncarried items exceeds $600 billion, and future performance growth is more targeted. We expect that the former share is well valued, and we maintain the investment proposal for the "buy-in" of the former share.
The company ' s accumulated average house sales price in January-November was $148.85 per flat, and sales picked up at a steady rate, with sufficient resources available: the company ' s share of single-month sales declined in November, and sales continued to grow more steadily, mainly in high urban hot spots due to changes in the push area.
As a whole, the company's sales structure is sound, the average price is stable and clearly better than the industry average. Sales will continue to grow at a higher rate throughout the year, with over $500 billion in sales unsuspensioned, and the company now exceeds the amount that has been sold in hand.
(a) Positive acquisition of the project and upgrading of the land reserve: 19 new land development projects were added to the company in November, and the project area is still concentrated mainly in the second-line core city, with a total building area of 3.4 million square metres, equity, construction area of 2.46 million square metres, higher than the one-month market area, and land reserves continue to increase;
The amount of land in interest is $17.1 billion, the sum of land on the complex is $6946/m2 and the monthly amount of land is 49% of the amount sold, the price of land on the complex is $6946/m3 and the pace of land is maintained at a positive and effective control of land acquisition costs, and the Maori level of future project development is guaranteed at a higher level.
The increase in the policy of regulation, and the likely increase in future sales volumes, is likely to continue: subject to the current stringent multi-city purchase, sale restrictions, price restrictions and tighter mortgage policies, combined with a relatively high sales base period in the first half of the year, we expect that sales across the industry in the first quarter of next year will not be optimistic.
The same rate of growth or recession will occur, but the concentration of the real estate sector will increase even further, and companies will become industry leaders, project reserves and brand effects will have a clear advantage, and the future of the city is expected to rise further, and we look forward to the company's long-term development in the future.
H shares are 9.6 times and 8.1 times, pb 1.6 times. The company, as industry leader, increases in sales at a steady pace, and performance growth in the coming years is more targeted.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.