The sales were positive, and the securitization of assets continued to be explored under the signature of Li Shao Ming, a high-base sales ring of the same size in October.
Continue to be active, with strict cost controls to guarantee profitability. In October, 28 new acquisitions were spent on $26.93 billion, accounting for 171 new acquisitions of \diamond 200 billion, with a cumulative build-up of approximately $38.1 million and a cumulative build-up of approximately $24.6 million.
About 95 million parties, with goods worth nearly 14 trillion. Since the second half of 17 years, companies have continued to seize the opportunity to be active, with 46.2 per cent of sales in the previous October, and 53.8 per cent of average sales in the same period, maintaining caution while actively following market opportunities.
In October, five logistics property projects were added to the Logistics Investment Fund. Five projects were added, covering 246,000 construction sites and 229,000 equity projects; cumulative access to various logistics property projects was obtained $1.5 billion in re-establishment of the Logistics Investment Fund, representing 25 per cent of the total.
In the face of stock markets and the trend toward asset securitization, firms are actively trying to participate in the design of a variety of products that are going to the market, trying to explore the most suitable path to asset securitization. Industry enters a new era, with companies being the most fully covered and competitive among urban operators, while providing them.
\diamond and one of the best targets for improving people's well-being and consumption.
An open transfer of 65% of the former Sea International shares. The industry’s champions have a strong advantage, benefiting fully from the urban dividend of the “Australasia Bay Area” of Hong Kong, and actively replenishing stocks to ensure long-term stability in the second half of the year.
Vankoa - The New Age of the Industry, The Good Marks, Vankoa - The Great Growth in Profit, The Proximity of Business Targets, Vankoa - The Successful Settlement of Equity Incidents, “Track +”
“Initiating the New Era of Property” in Figures 2 and 2:eps and Roe, Figure 3: Combined Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Figure 8 Cumulative sales for calendar years Figure 9 Cumulative land area for calendar years Figure 10 Cumulative land area for calendar years
Figure 11: Cumulative area of sales vs accumulated land area for calendar years