The Medical Group has seen a high rate of growth in the quarter, and the advantage of scale is expected to be released gradually.
Rendering of $262 million (+109 per cent) to the net profit of $253 million (+118 per cent) not attributable to the mother.
3. “Stable growth in performance and continued emphasis on scale — Tri-quarter reviews of planetary organisms”, 202.2.10.25, 89, all of which are the first in the industry, driven by a strong increase in product sales
The company's performance grew in the first quarter. The company's slurry station expansion accelerated, with 22 new slurry stations in Guizhou, Gansu, Gilling and Lake North established in 22 years. To date, the company has reached 70 slurry stations and has prepared 32 medium slurry stations; the company slurryed 2035 tons in 22 years, an increase from the previous year.
According to the company’s annual report, the total number of sales terminals covered by the Department in 22 years was 3,3703, an increase of 5.72 per cent over the same period.
13410, or 4.69 per cent more than the same year; 3,100, or 5.77 per cent more than the same year. Companies actively promoted the expansion of overseas markets, which enabled the Brazilian market to accelerate the promotion of the registration of the Qing C, B, B, etc., and further deepen the country.
Production capacity has been steadily advancing, and research and development has continued to break down. The Chengdu Yongyu project, which is part of the company, was successfully launched in August 22, and the Chengdu Yongsheng reorganization factor workshop, the Shanghai Blood Yunnan project and so on have been completed, effectively improving the company’s overall productive capacity.
In terms of R & D, Chengdu Yongsheng recombinant human cdensation factor viii, immunoglobin (ph4) (layered process, 10% concentration), human fibrous protein and Lanzhou blood-crete enzyme original compounds are submitted for public registration and verified through drug registration (pharmacology) and
Gmp compliance checks, which are expected to lead to a sustained rise in company income from slurry in the future, profit forecasts, valuations and ratings, company approvals for new slurry stations, steady increases in profitability, and we maintain profit forecasts.
The magma station has not expanded as expected: the regulatory risk of single-plaming stations: the capital costs of new open slurry stations have increased; the risk of increased slurry costs; the risk of product price fluctuations; and so forth.
Within a week, within a month and in February.