Jing Cian led short-term performance, slurry station construction to boost the space for growth (600161.sh) - annual reports and quarterly reviews of the planetary organisms (600161.sh)
By the end of 2022, the company had 70 slurry stations and 32 medium slurry stations under construction. In 2022, the company was able to produce 2035 tons of slurry, an increase of 11 per cent compared to the previous year, representing 20 per cent of the total. The number of slurry stations and the size of the slurry remained a national leader.
The expansion project is on the ground, laying the basis for long-term growth. The company ' s Yong-Aon plant began production in August 2022. In the future, as the Yunnan project and the Land State project become operational, the company will have three single plant bases for producing blood products with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons.
The industry has benefited in the short term from static fire, and in the long term from medical recovery. Because of the large gap in static production during the January epidemic, the company was still in stock for February-March, with a 2023q1 industry.
In addition, the proteins that benefit from the recovery of medical services and are closely related to the volume of surgery are recommended for investment: the sky is a domestic blood-heading business, with the magma station expanding to its largest ton of plasma processing capacity during the 1455s, catching up with the international first-line blood company. We predict 2023-2025.
Risks of slurry and end demand, risk of new products being developed and marketed at a slower pace than expected. 2023-04-12 Tribune Life 2022 Quarterly Rapid Report: Qingc High Growth in Marketing, Industry Maintains a high profile
Quarterly, 23-year-old look at blood products 2022-10-25 Tri-season report: a steady increase in performance, a good look at the country's profile of blood products, and a positive expansion of the Tian corporate platform.
In 2022, the company managed to collect 2.035 tons of plasma at 60 single plasma stations, representing about 20 per cent of the total industry, while the number of single plasma stations and the size of the plasma stations remained at the forefront of the country. To date, the company has 102 single plasma stations (including fractional stations) and has expanded their distribution to 16 provinces/autonomous regions of the country, including: the number of single plasma stations (including fractional stations) in camps.
In recent years, the company has continued to increase its basic and constructive input, laying a solid foundation for its future development. The total number of sales terminals covered was 33,703, representing an increase of 5.72 per cent compared to the previous year, with 13,410 pharmacies covered, representing an increase of 4.69 per cent compared to the previous year; 3,100 medical institutions over level II covered an increase of 5.77 per cent compared with the previous year; and 37 landmark hospitals were admitted, with a focus on development.
Thirty-seven hospitals, covering almost all provinces and municipalities except Hong Kong and Atota, continue to be located in the country. The company actually controls the human medicine group, which is China’s largest, most integrated and powerful pharmaceutical and health industry group, which is directly managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
The research and development of the six biological products of Chengdu, Lanzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan were jointly organized as one of the most full-scale and large-scale products of the country, and one of the integrated biopharmaceutical enterprise groups that brings together research, production, and marketing. The company has the unique advantage of relying on the resources of the Drug Group and the powerful shareholders of Chinese biology to achieve rapid development.
The industry has a high short-term outlook and a marked improvement in profitability. The 2023q1 silent C gap is huge, the blood industry has a high profile, the cost of company sales has declined significantly, and profitability is clear: the company has seen a change in its earnings and growth rates in recent years.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.