The decline in metal prices and the loss of value are delaying performance, and the strength of integration is being consolidated
\triangleright Cobalt metal at an average cost of 342,000 yuan/t, a decline of about 29 per cent in the ring comparison, while the price of Cobalt fell as the company produced and purchased cobalt raw materials in Africa, but the processing was in China for a long transport cycle.
The average cost of inventories, such as raw materials in transit, may be higher than the spot price, so the company is carefully estimating the q4 cobalt price s010521120001
On the basis of a write-off of about $330 million in inventory, the company’s performance has been largely delayed. But we believe that nickel prices are still high, and we expect that the flow of nickel production and the release of production will contribute significantly to the company’s profits. The gdr distribution program is announced, and corporate financial pressure is expected to ease.
\triangleright on the market, raising funds to expand the capacity of new energy cell material production and to supplement the company ' s operating capital, both within and outside the country, with a relatively short distribution cycle of gdr, while the company has more capacity in construction and planning, and overall future capital expenditure
The release of this gdr will contribute to a rapid easing of corporate financial pressure.
At the beginning of the integration process, 2022/08/21 The nickel refining project was able to expand significantly, and the integration layout was gradually completed. The company announced that this year in triangleright, \triangleright, ,
The Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) in the semi-annual year 2022 planned additional 100,000 tons of nickel refining capacity, including the 50,000 tons (metal volume) high pure nickel project, 30,000 tons/year sulphur performance forecast: q2 performance meets expectations, expected material one
Acid nickel and 20,000 tonnes/year electrolytic nickel production, which is currently planned for a future nominal nickel capacity of 645,000 tonnes, is assessed in the light of the events in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): nickel resources nickel refining projects will help to prepare companies for future rapid release of their future upstream nickel production capacity.
Next to the layout, lithium power material integration taps can be put in time. Resource layout is perfect, deep binding of global taps guarantees future performance release. (1) Upstream resource protection - 2022/05/11.
The barrier is that the company is one of the few positive material companies in the world that achieves full coverage of resources such as lithium-cobalt. (2) From the incident of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh), the enhanced and downstream lithium-based materials and partners, the company plans for the production of the long-term lithium-based materials.
Freshwater Valley cooperation, perfect combination of technology and resources - 2022/0 - deep binding including lg, posco, Tesla, general population, Ford, BMW, Yung-chung, Dang-Lu, Moose 5.
It is hoped that the future will emerge from competition when domestic and foreign downstream leaders are in place. Deeply tied, resource + lithium power material layout plus coded 202 Investment proposal: firm upstream resource layout is perfect, downstream lithium power expansion is expected to work quickly.
\triangleright, tied to the depth of international resources and car giants, growth is certain and the moat is deep. \triangleright we expect \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.