Investment rating: increase (maintenance) q1 to q3 with company operating income of $48.712 billion, yoy+113.69 per cent; realization of repatriation
q3 single quarter, 22q3 generated $17,694 million (108.10% for yoy and qoq for copper and cobalt, which had a significant impact on the company’s profits at q3. At the same time, as a result of lower raw material prices, the company claimed $330 million in asset impairment losses in 22 years, plus 22 years for q2
Depreciation: BM cobalt has remained at around US$ 26/lb until 30 September, copper prices or bottoms, currently at US$ 7,700/tonne, copper and cobalt plate profits are largely exhausted, and 22 years q4 are expected to usher in a nickel plate: Waco is now in production, creating a new 50,000-ton high-purity nickel project.
Phase-out: In April 2022, the Watwet method project (60,000 tons of gold) became fully operational, and the Wako firework project (45,000 tons of gold) entered the test at the end of June with four electric furnaces, which are expected to be ready for material in the first half of the year 2022.
With 30,000 tons of nickel sulphate and 20,000 tons of electrolytic nickel per year, the support company enriches the structure of its products and drives it up and down. The company signed a strategic agreement with the general public, Qingshan, Vale, and Fopri to build a wet nickel smelting project, which currently has a nominal production capacity of 645,000 tons.
● Lithium new material plate: the capacity to climb up and enter Tesla's industrial chain. The company's positive material output can be released gradually and the capacity to climb up faster: the state's pre-triple-dollar drive was completed in 22 years h1 to enter the test production; Joaquin and Huaipu actively promoted the certification of mass production, the project's capacity to release gradually, and the Pu Xiang
1. Lithium power operations are well under way and 22h1 performance is well under way. Phase two of the joint-venture project is well under way. Three tests of 50,000 tons of technical material in Bamo, Chengdu district.
2.22q1 performance is expected to release the core chain of global head-power batteries such as lig chemistry, ssk, Ningde, Biadi, and to enter the Tesla core supply chain through a supply framework agreement with Tesla.
Keeping moving forward with the integrated layout, the capacity to accelerate the release of the company's upstream nickel and cobalt resources, the ability of the former drive and positive materials to climb up the slopes into the Tesla supply chain to bind downstream customers and grow more certain.
Step consumption, no further impairments are expected, the profit margin is largely exhausted, q3 is likely to be higher, and q4 is expected to be better; 3) recent consumer electronics and front drive demand margins have achieved net profits of $4.258/85.12.44 billion each year, at a rate of increase, respectively.
Cobalt prices do not meet the expected risks, capacity climbs do not meet the expected risks, the Fed raises interest rates above expectations, uses legitimate compliance information, produces the present report independently and objectively, uses data and information from open market information, does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor does it guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.