On 28 October 22nd, the company published a three-quarter report, and in the first three quarters it achieved a net return profit of 3.01 billion, with a relatively high proportion of the mine, q3 copper blocks or still making a better profit.) Cobalt: due to the company ' s cobalt products.
The average cost of inventories of cobalt raw materials purchased in the previous period is projected to be higher than the current spot 1. " Full impairment of the load, lithium plate showing a bright price. Based on a prudent estimate of the q4 cobalt price, the company proposes a reduction of approximately $330 million in cobalt inventory.
Cobalt prices have been stable since q3, and the risk of loss of the cobalt plate has been largely cleared. 2. Nickel + Lithium Increment Contribution - The Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry predicts that nickel: China's Mhp is yet to be raised and Huaco has not yet made a profit.
Keeping production full, estimated to yield about 1.6-17 million tons. Since the company's own nickel capacity for sulphuric acid is not yet fully matched, 3. "Pull nickel-lithium layout, three-dollar integration logic continues."
It is expected that China’s single q3 will continue to make better profits (in the minority 4. “Cycle + Growth Logic Keeping Cashing – The China-Friends Cobalt Industry 1 shareholders have lost or lost 940 million yuan, and we judge that, in addition to Bamo, the main contribution to China’s project is to China’s project).
Quarterly Review, 2022.4.27 Section: Due to the fact that the company ' s nickel iron-high-ice nickel converter has not yet been completed, the q3 nickel production is more profitable than the q3 nickel production.
By contrast, the company has a relatively low sales volume of nickel and iron, making a significant contribution to the profits, of about 2.8.24 million tons each, which is a better complement to its performance. gdr supplementary construction funds are issued. The company plans to sell gdr globally, corresponding to the additiona
New nickel sulphate and pure nickel projects will be further matched with intermediate production. The company plans to build 50,000 tons of high-purity nickel, including 30,000 tons of nickel sulphate and 20,000 tons of electrolyte nickel, with a total project of $1.49 billion, with a construction cycle of about one year. The new nickel production of sulphate will be better matched.
New energy demand has fallen short of expectations, copper and cobalt nickel prices have fallen, currency exchange risks, and projects have not progressed as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment