Peace in China (601318): New business value: 28 October 2022.
China’s record for the 2022nd Quarterly Report, China’s 2022 Quarterly Report, achieved $870.202 million in operating income during the reporting period, compared to the previous year’s
The company, born in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snakegate, the first China-based equity insurance company, has developed into a multi-billion yuan insurance policy, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the previous year, of which 86.486 billion yuan was spent on life and health insurance operations, an increase of the same amount.
Risk, banking, investment in three main businesses, core, and development of financial and Internet finance in parallel with personal money, one of the living services groups. The company is committed to becoming an international organization.
The third quarter of insurance liabilities continue to improve marginally, but the investment is under pressure; the banking sector is growing robustly. The leading private financial life service provider insists that “the third quarter is less difficult than the second quarter of the country's epidemic, and insurance agents are less difficult to open up, adding company ownership.
Technology-led finance, financial services life” concept, through continued reform of channels, with the first-year premium and new business values of three-quarters life and health insurance operations being reduced by the same amount as “integrated finance + Internet” and “Internet + consolidated finance”
But the three-quarter equity market fluctuated significantly, with a certain negative impact on the company's investment performance. Two models focus on the two industries of “large financial assets” and “large health” and revolve around insurance, banking, asset management.
The impact was that the total return on investment in the last three quarters fell to 2.7 per cent, delaying overall performance growth. By contrast, the four major segments of silver and Internet finance created “a steady and rapid growth momentum for the industry to become group performance as the insurance owner enters the adjustment period.”
The company is the country's “stabilizer.” The financial license plate is the most comprehensive, the widest range of operations, and the holding of shares.
Life insurance pipeline reform continues, and the “open door” is expected to be a flashpoint at the end of the debt in 2023. The company’s subsidiaries under the umbrella of the Peace Group include life insurance and production.
Since the end of 2019, a three-year process of deep reform has been under way, with major breakthroughs being made across all channels, with companies at risk, safe old-age insurance, safe health insurance, safe banking, clear direction and streamlined processes.
Trusts, securities, funds, etc., covering all areas of the financial sector, have developed into a small number of China's economies, changing demand for long-term secure products, and the company's life-long demand has declined.
Increased investment in the full range of insurance, banking and investment insurance for clients; new financial regulations to break product prices, alternative effects of insurance annuity products; one of the financial enterprises of financial products and services.
In recent years, the company has been active in the area of annuity insurance; the epidemic has affected agents, and the company has been working hard to develop its silver insurance channels while selling them through the aid of the ai. Overall, after almost three years of change, the company's life and health insurance operations have been effectively adjusted from the source and product end, with a sustained high structure.
The agent has also been streamlined from a high point of 1.4 + million in 2018 to the current 488,000 and is expected to maintain the workforce at the level of 500,000 to 700,000 through high-impact staff and core agent retention rates, with a real “uplifting” of the current team. We have seen “good plus” in the agency channels in the last three quarters.
A 10.3 percentage point rise in the same ratio: while the first annual premium per core agent diamond team is 4.8 times that of the team as a whole. A team of high-quality fresh blood and high-capacity cores are working together to drive the company’s new business value.
The key risks affecting profits are gradually being released, and corporate performance growth is becoming more certain. Real estate investment, the potential mine risk, is one of the central concerns of the market for companies.
The division’s real-estate investment balance accounts for less than 5% of total investment assets and is further optimized over the medium term. With intensive national real-estate policies, it is expected that corporate-related risks will continue to slow down and further weaken the negative impact on performance.
But given the Fed’s increase in interest rates and the Central American spread, and given the recent trends in exchange rates and domestic interest rates, inflation, we judge that there will be more room for lower domestic interest rates, and corporate reserve pressure.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East has made it possible, through reforms over the past three years, to effectively improve the quality and productivity of the company's agents, the core agents s14801905001.
At the same time, based on high-quality bankers’ resources and efficient coordination within the group, the company is expected to take a leading position in the high-growth track of silver insurance, building the second-highest growth in indebtedness. Moreover, financial technology is high.
The company’s core strengths are expected to be fully realized in the long term, supported by policies for enabling and nurturing the industrial chain. Overall, we still value the company’s long-term investment as the leader of the domestic insurance group under the industry’s Matthews effect.
Peace in China (601318): New business values are improving at a marginal rate, and four seasons of performance are expected to be steady, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, China Peace (601318): New business values are improving at a marginal rate, and four quarters of performance is expected to improve.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.