The impact of the transition in life insurance is gradually becoming apparent as a result of the volatility of investments: China ' s safe release of the three-quarterly report of 2022 and its return to the mother ' s operating profits of $123,288 million in the first three quarters of 2022, i.e. + 3.8 per cent of the year; and its return to the mother ' s net profit of $76,463 million, i.e., 6.3 per cent of the base year.
Motherhood net operating profits are robust, and the new business values have been reduced slightly. By the third quarter of 2022, the \triangleright group realized a parent net operating profit of $123,288 million, i.e. +3.8%, annual roeda.
19.9 per cent of the net operating profits of the mother-to-manufacturing system; 76,463 million yuan of the return-to-manufacturing net profit, a decrease of 1h22 from the value of the new business of 3q22 on the same basis, with internal epidemics spreading and consumption
Impacts such as reduced demand and volatility in capital markets, a return to net profits and new business values, a firm push to transform the proximate workforce, and a steady move toward multichannel parallel development. By the third quarter of 2022, companies were determined to promote the transformation of the main channels, and the proxies were growing in quality.
Channels of risk: sophisticated operation of the agent corps, with its structure and quality optimized. The ratio of newcomers to “good +” manpower increased in the first three quarters of 2022, with the diamond workforce insured 4.8 times the size of the overall team, and the overall quality of the risk team continuously improved.
Q: Life insurance has also increased its cooperation with the Bank of Peace and has also strengthened its cooperation with external banks in obtaining customer recognition through, for example, increased life-saving risk products. 3) The search for community grids has been pursued, with a steady increase in overall quality, with the Orphans List continuing for 13 months.
The company continues to improve health care and well-being, meeting client needs through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management/Home Pension/High-end Pension”, 99% satisfaction with health management services in the first three quarters of 2022, and receiving clients.
The company's ongoing integration of internal and external resources into one-stop old-age services and its continuous expansion of the market for high-quality old-age services has covered 32 municipalities in the first three quarters of 2022, and the first Ying City Community Snake Project was successfully laid in July 2022.
By integrating services such as medical care, health management and old-age care, the Chinese version of its “managerial medical model” is expected to accelerate further, and in the future the co-benefits of insurance and medical health will be further exploited.
\triangleright Obtaining the original premium revenue of $22,024 million, i.e. +11.4 per cent, of which the car insurance premium is equal to the sum of the sum of the Sunda securities.
10,453 million yuan, corresponding to 21.3 per cent, yield risk combined cost ratio (cor) cindasecuritiesco., ltd 97.9 per cent, corresponding to +0.6 pct, guaranteed coverage costs, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing. We believe that the risk of production continues to be good through measures such as enhanced business controls, risk screening, and the application of science and technology.
The volatility of capital markets imposes pressure on investment returns, and the long-term matching of capital is further optimized. In the context of the volatility of capital \triangleright markets and the downward shift in interest rates, corporate investments were made in the first three quarters of 2022.
Merger claims schemes and creditor-type property credits are good, while the real-estate investment industry is prudent, improving the quality of assets and controlling investment risks. Companies optimize the long-term matching of insurance fund assets and liabilities through active allocation of long-term assets, such as state debt and local government debt.
Investment proposals: In the first three quarters of 2022, in the face of complex and volatile internal and external challenges, companies were determined \triangleright pushed forward the “channel+product” reforms, enhanced product innovation and channel reforms, and continued deepening of the “comprehensive”
The two-wheeler finance + medical health has continued to advance the construction of a “managed medical model”. 1) People and channels: determined to promote a high-quality transformation of the proxies, continued deepening of cooperation with Safe Banking Bank and insurance, and active exploration of community grids and sunk channels, are expected to further improve life risk production.
(ii) Product end: continuous innovation and upgrading of the product system, continuous deep-ploughing of the heavy disease market, timely roll-out of the incremental life insurance product to meet clients' need for sound financial management, etc.; 3) Service end: Healthy Eco-Coopers based on the Toto Group, through “Insur + Health Management”, “Insur + High-end Pension”, “Insurance + Insurance + Insurance +
The three core services of “Ageing at home” construct a differentiated competitive advantage, offering diversified health management services to clients; 4) the technological end: companies continue to explore innovative business models in financial science and technology, digital medicine, and are committed to the anti-breathing finance industry. Overall, we anticipate a life risk marketing team.
The quality is expected to rise further, and the end of the liability is expected to improve marginally. The maturity of the investment-end asset-liability match is expected to optimize further, and future focus should remain on capital-market recovery.
Figure 3: Number and rate of increase of insurance agents
General Manager, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio and Chinese-Canadian Securities. In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Agency, which is responsible for non-banking financial research.Amagna, Master ' s degree in economics, Shandong University, Master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-banking financial research experience.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.