Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz)
In recent years, companies have been actively pursuing the Everest project, receiving and returning to the country: domestic engineering and mechanical plates are at the bottom of construction, and some of the areas have been cut off.
(1) cranes: sales on the domestic market of China's cranes for 23 years have been increasing for four months, with the same increase in sales of cranes for four months: concrete machinery: two types of products are more relevant to real estate and infrastructure and are still in place.
In the bottom stage, we expect a new cycle of excavators to begin in 24 years. Exports: the company’s overseas market continues to grow at a high rate, and the overseas market opens up growing ceilings.
At home, in 17-22 years, the company's overseas earnings rose from 33.1 to 27.840 billion yuan, over a period of US$ billion, with companies accounting for more than 20 per cent of the domestic market and only 4 per cent of the overseas market, while there is much room for growth in the foreign market in the long run.
The monthly merger of Xu Xu workers has been limited, with high Maori assets such as excavators being injected to achieve product structural excellence; in addition, upstream cost-side pressures have been eased and costs have been well regulated, bringing the public sector Māori ratio to 22.6 per cent at 23q1, up from 7.4 pcts and rings.
2.4 pcts. As the upward cycle of engineering and machinery opens, adding up to the favourable export performance of overseas exports, it is expected that firm size effects will continue to emerge and profit levels will be boosted, 23 - downstream property will be expected, capital needs will fall short of expectations, competition in overseas markets will increase, raw materials will increase.
I. New Xu Xu, opening a new starting point for 1.1 companies with a rich range of products and re-organizing their listings.
The company's engineering and machinery products are of a full variety, covering a variety of products, such as cranes, earth machinery, pillar machinery, concrete machinery, etc. In addition, the company's “one-way” countries, the globalized layout and the marketing network have covered more than 190 countries and territories around the world.
Launching the Everest Peaks program, which plans to hit the world’s first major indicators, such as scale benefits in 2035. The company has been guided by the strategic goal of Everest, and the first two steps have been successfully completed, and is now fully engaged in the 2035 scale benefits, product levels, technological quality, and global competitiveness to the top of the world’s engineering machinery.
Chart 2: The company's “Start Peak” program was re-listed, the structure of Suh Xu's shareholdings changed significantly, and the company became more dynamic. In August 2022, the company absorbed Xu's limited integration and completed its re-marketing. After the transaction was completed, the company's total stock stock increased to 11,82 billion shares, and Xu State Engineering and Mechanics Group Ltd.
With 20.12 per cent of the holdings, the controlling shareholders of the company were changed from Xu to Xu's group, and the actual controllers did not change.