August 25th, 2025 Annual Report, Sonsss@cfsc.com.cn
▪ Changes in product structure affect Māori, as a result of reduced revenue affecting the spread of costs, and sales/management rates increase by 7 pct/2pct to cost, respectively, resulting in a contraction of scale effects as a result of a decline in revenue collection, combined with a profit margin
▪ Reconciling with industry trends, provincial and extra-provincial strategic continuity Product end, 2025q2 company ta+/tea/a/b product collection, respectively, net increase of 71 products compared with the beginning of the year, showing relatively better performance in the second quarter than in the province, followed by the province
Intra- and intra-country collaboration to promote village farming, foreign focus on national branding and development, 1, The Constellation of the World (603369): Performance is consistent with launching the "Standard 4" system and strengthening market opening capabilities.
Uplifting, extra-provincial invasion focus, expansion. 2025-03-02. Currently, the white wine industry is under pressure.
3 “The edge of the present world” (603369): The cohesion of the group, the short-term promotion of the market, the follow-up to the layout of the surrounding core market, the short-term performance of the market, the improvement of the health of the business, and attention to the pace of nationalization.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, growth below expectations, growth of the v series below expectations, and out-of-country expansion below expectations.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.