Click here to enter text, strongly recommended (first rating)
• White wine lead, the wine industry's “exploration”, the power switch, the speed of performance: White wine market competition is essentially price segment competition, we believe that DreamBlue 2018q1 maintains 50% + acceleration, Ocean River shares grow # # Inner Sea, Jiangsu Province, Heaven, Dreams lead the price sections, Consolidated Market takes the lead: Jiangsu market
At the upper limit of 350-40 billion, in 2017, the city of Jiangsu, which shares the river, held a 40-per-cent share, rocked ahead of the second-largest in the world (about 10 per cent). Other brands, such as wines, old cellars, etc., account for about 15-17 per cent of the entire river ' s wine plate; and no more than 5 per cent of the wine in Guai, welcome, mouth cellar, etc.
In Jiangsu province, the initiative to “go to stock, channel, and raise prices” from 2015 to 2017 has been restored to a stable and stable two-digit nationalization strategy, with a deep development in the province: the status and consumption base of the first single item, based on the Blue Sea, and the active deployment of the “New River Su” strategy.
At the present time, the cities of the provinces of Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Hebei, Hubei, Zhejiang are growing rapidly into a 1 billion-plus market.
It is expected to maintain a steady growth rate of around 20 per cent overall throughout the year, contributing to the top of the river in 2018.1
Ocean River shares have a long history of two brands of wine, the Ocean Rivers and the Two Trenchs. Since the launch of the Ocean Blue Classic series in 2003, a solid consumer base has been built with excellent marketing patterns, creating the first single 100-dollar national "Blue of the Sea" that now accounts for 19.9 billion dollars in revenue and the third largest white wine leader in the industry.
Since 2016, in the broader context of rising consumption, manufacturers have been actively leading the “upgrade upgrading” of mainstream consumption in the North, Central and South Sudan markets in the province, with consumption prices moving from the blue to the blue of the sea, from the blue to the blue of the dreams, and from 297 in 2015 to 2018.
At present, about 70 per cent of the total revenue of the company comes from the New Jiangsu market. 1.2.1, the shares have changed thoroughly, management has held shares, and the pursuit of long-term interest stability is combined with the maximization of short-term benefits.
In 2006, the company increased its share to blue sky and blue sea trade (consolidated into Jiangsu Blue Alliance, Inc.) to achieve management ownership. As of 2018q1, of the top ten shareholders in the company, the ocean river.
Group, management (Gangsu Blue Alliance, Inc.) and distributors (sea smoke logistics and high tobacco sugar wine) held 34.16 per cent, 21.44 per cent and 14.07 per cent, respectively, and three interests were linked, stimulating active management and distributors.
“Centrally centralized” organizational model, with high-level will reaching the grass-roots level
The Ministry of Brands, the Customized Liquor Centre, the Department of Order Management, etc., has a system-wide support system, with the front desk running branches and offices under the regional leadership, currently having 24 districts with 385 branches and offices.
Matching well-developed business processes and performance appraisal programmes, achieving strategic, strategic, local execution and supervisory, district-led sub-firms, office-based marketing structures (map), “1+1” deep distribution model with strong channel control
Since its inception, companies have been innovative in their marketing models, while at the same time innovations in their products. The “1+1” model is dominated by manufacturers, which provide distributors with services such as market development, brand promotion, consumer education, product displays, etc., to solve market problems of distributors, who are primarily responsible for logistics and capital turnover.
The role of storage and commodity distribution. The “4x3 model” and “522 polarized engineering” are: deep distribution, reducing the distance between producers and end consumers, and creating and maintaining brand image. The marketing model is innovative, coupled with branding, and provides a solid foundation for corporate downswings and out-of-town market expansion in Jiangsu province.
The difference between the 1+1 model and the normal small business model, the big business model, the Sea Sky Dream, the power of China, the blue classics of the nation, from "man's love" to "China's Dream Blue" to the "New Nation's Wine" high-end scenario, the Ocean River.
Since the launch of the year, the blue classic ratio has risen steadily, gradually growing to the middle-stream pillar, which accounts for 70% and 70% of corporate sales. The industry’s 10-year record on the ocean’s shares has grown rapidly, with a combined growth rate of 59% in 2004-2012.
Revenue from the 2004-2018q1 river shares, the rate of growth and the annual compound growth, increased in 2017, realized revenue and successfully achieved a quarter of gate red. In 2017, the river shares collected $19.9 billion, an increase of 16 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $6.6 billion, an increase of 14 per cent.
In Su province, the downfall of the channel has focused on deep-farming the town market and increasing the promotion of the old wine. 2) The process of nationalization has accelerated, with the out-of-town market restructuring coming to an end, and the Xinjiangsu market is active. 3) The impact of consumption escalation has led to price increases. Spring 2018 lags, with a boom of $9.5 billion in the quarter, representing an increase of 26 per cent compared to the 26 per cent increase in the return of the mother.
Three and a half billion yuan, a 27 per cent increase from the previous year, and the opening of the door.
White wine has obvious social attributes. The essence of white wine is social, the essence of white wine market competition is price segments, competition, and the higher the social attributes, the higher the external value.
2.1 The “structural” expansion of the white market capacity is significant. In the broader context of rising consumption, the rise in prices in the skyscrapers has raised the industrial ceiling, increasing the space for survival and development of regional and sub-national brands.
Sub-high-end white wine market size (billion yuan) 2.2, “structural expansion” of the market in Jiangsu province synchronized with the upgrading of the “staircase” stock in the ocean river 2.2.1, and proactive intra-provincial adjustments to lay the foundation for long-term robust growth
Stocking, price stabilization, channel management, etc., at the expense of short-term performance income, raising the price and actual transaction value of the blue sea, sky, dream blue channels by 10-20%, streamlining the value chain of channel benefits, prolonging the life cycle of products, and importing quotas provide institutional guarantees for robust growth in performance since 2016.
At less than 5 per cent, the sea blues actually traded at about $115. In 2017, the industry warmed up, and companies adjusted their consumption tax on the sea. 2) It was favourable to move prices up to match the rising consumption in Jiangsu province. 3) Increased distributors 2.2.2 and the "stairs" in Jiangsu Province, where the ocean, heaven and dreams occupied various price segments, led positively to the upgrading of the "stairs"
The upgrading of oceanine shares is characterized by a “staircase” pattern: Jiangsu consumption is higher in general, North, Central and South Sudan is more varied, consumption is more varied, North is still dominated by sea-blue prices, rising prices, South Sudan is more productive and inclusive, and local consumption is more than $200, and the mainstream disappears.
Sub-tops account for 20% of the market share, while the sub-highs of the river’s share are strong. In Jiang Su-bai Province, the annual river’s share accounts for 50% of the sub-highs in Jiangsu Province.
2.2.3. In Jiangsu, competition for brand names has intensified, the ocean shares are laughing at sub-high markets, the dream blues are growing fast, the first skyscraper blues in 2017, and the sea blues are expected to be outpaced in 2018. In 2017, the classic series maintained high growth rates, with sea/day/dreams increasing by 7 per cent/50 per cent, and in the blue classics, they each account for 7 per cent per cent/50 per cent.
Consumption upgrades led to the release of m3 and m6 in the south, with high-growth harvests exceeding the sky's sky's blue, with dream blues expected to outperform the sea's blue, the first-largest collection series, and a more optimized product structure. The structural optimization belt moved up the ton price, with the company's average tonnage of $9.22 million in 2017, an increase of 6 per cent.
In 2017, the market share market was at no less than 40%, and far ahead of the second edge of the world (about 10%).
The brand is falling apart. At the price segment, the dream blues are locked in the lower end.
In 2016, the company actively participated in and sponsored national events, from the 2016 g20 Summit, the Internet Congress, to the 2017 International Summits, and more recently.
Ocean River shares competed from a single channel as market leaders to something more focused on communicating with core consumers, firmly targeting high-end customers like the national branding program, the creation of the Dream Blue Public Service Academy, and the creation of a new national branding program.
Trader-oriented dreams, big event scenes of the “New Nations of the Times” and so on. 2.3. New Jiangsu markets are firmly rooted, and the strategy of deep nationalization is accelerated by 2.3.1, marketing model innovation and replication, and the Xinjiangsu market strategy is secured.
The future white wine brand competition is competition for the ability of the marketing system, and the Ocean River shares are constantly involved in marketing innovations and innovations, whether in the “Crying” marketing model or in the channel “1+1” deep distribution model, the “4x3” post-end model, and the lessons learned from successful experiences in Jiangsu province and experiments in large markets outside the province, such as Henan, Shandong, Anhui etc.
The full realization of the strategy provides guarantees.