At the lower end of the upper secondary school, the provincial executives are active outside the province, and the Yanjia shares published their 2018-month report. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved 1454.3 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 26.12 per cent compared to the previous year; and the net return to the mother was 5.05 billion yuan, an increase from the previous year.
Corporate soft quality features, high-school low-end product coverage, provincial and extra-provincial markets, co-development, competitiveness in the white and wine industry, double growth in performance and profitability. (i) Brand power continues to grow, with excellent performance in the first and second quarters.
The performance has increased steadily in the first and second quarters. 218q1 and q2 companies have completed their operations, respectively, with revenues of 95.38 million yuan, or 26.97 per cent at a rate of 25.68 per cent and 26.97 per cent, respectively. The revenue in the first quarter was significantly larger than in the second quarter, mainly due to the seasonality of the company ' s products and the spring season.
q1, q2, which completes the parent ' s net profit of $34.75 billion, and 1.530 billion, the company ' s operating income and profits in 2018 were the third largest in the white wine industry in terms of the disclosed sales of the white wine company.
In the first six months of 2018, the company was active in marketing innovative projects, such as the famous classics, the "Blue of Dreams to My Most Respected" and so on.
Activity. The company was ranked 215th, 175th higher than last year; ranked second in China and third in the world on the "50th highest in the world" list; and second in a row, the company voted "brandz2018" for two years.
The most valuable Chinese brand, 100, is in 49th place on the list. (ii) High school is full of coverage, dream blues are leading, and the company is the only one in the white wine industry with two Chinese brands: "Yo River, Twin Trenchs" and two Chinese.
It's an old word, six Chinese brands; it's dominated by dream blues, oceanic blue classics, Trench Treasures, River Treasures, Treasures, and so on, and its soft features are unique within the industry.
Figure 1: Corporate product maps, resulting from increased revenue from transport costs. Blue classic sales outnumbered 70%, with a blue pick-up of 2018h1. At the end of 2017, companies included the blue and sky of the sea.
In the first half of 2018, the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky, the blues of the dreams, the blues of the dreams, the blues of the sky, and the blues of the sky, continued the positive growth of the past year, increasing from high to low, the blues of the dreams, the blues of the seas, the blues of the sky, and the blues of the sea, the blues of the dreams, the blues of the sky, from large to small.
In the subregion, the provincial market is now full coverage at the lower end of high school, while the extra-provincial market is dominated by the middle and upper end.