The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) buy-in (002463.sz) 5g volume up, with high server relay growth
The price of pcb of 5g has risen so that the national product has replaced the lead capital: the company is a manufacturer of pcb, which is mainly engaged in communications and automobiles, of which the ratio of income and gross profits to communications pcb has reached 67.5% and 73.7%, as can be seen from communication pcb, which is the company’s core business. The company’s communications pcb includes a network of operators.
And in both the server/exchange categories, where the operator's network business is facing a 5g cycle, we judge the company's growth opportunities over the next three years by breaking down three factors, namely, the volume of communications equipment, the value of single equipment pcb and the share of the manufacturer:
1) Volume of communications equipment: According to the estimates, the number of global and domestic base stations at 5g is expected to reach 1,038,000 and 5.26 million (a 10 per cent increase relative to 4g, later on) and will generate global and domestic transmission equipment requirements of 2.56 million and 1.3 million (+30 per cent) and provide a growth of 5g;
2) Value of single equipment pcb: The value of single equipment pcb is on the rise, the value of pcb in aau equipment will reach $3,200 (+433%) and the value of du+cu is $1.580 (Task 3)) share of the manufacturer: the company ' s share of technology in the market segment, which is the largest multi-platform in the operator network
The company will continue to compete in 5g, maintaining its high market share. Server demand is warming, and cars are bringing structural changes: the giant 19q3capex returns from global clouds.
The rise and the increase in server prices can be judged by the positive growth trend in the use of pcb for servers/exchangers, with a combined space of $193.2 billion over the next five years, a firm partnership with global servers/exchangers and a desire to benefit from the industrial growth dividend; car use of pcb for electronic car penetration and a universal vehicle belt for new energy sources
The structural opportunities are expected to reach $242.4 billion in market space for pcb over the next five years, with companies participating in schweizer and maintaining close cooperation with Global Tier 1, which is expected to sustain steady growth.
Billion dollars, considering the company's long-term cooperation with the Global Dragon Clients, both in the area of 5g, server/exchange, and in the area of automobiles, we're giving the target city 30 times as much as next year.
The company’s future profit momentum comes mainly from the construction of the 5g base station, and on this basis we have come from industry and companies.
The key assumptions are presented at two levels: 1) based on 4g construction progress, 5g investment intensity and the global position of China 5g, the projected global volume of 5g base stations in 2019-2026 is 430,000, 1.5 million, 2 million, 1.7 million, 1.5 million,
1.08 million, 1.02 million and 830,000 stations, for a total of 10.38 million stations; 2) According to the Chinese telecommunications model, the number of network transmission equipment is approximately 0.25 times that of base station equipment, and we assume that the relationship between the transmission equipment and base station equipment is 0.25 times that of each year, i.e.
The total quantity of transmission equipment in 2019-2021 is estimated at $110,000, 380,000 and 500,000;) based on industrial chain data, the total value of the base station panels is $11180 per station, assuming a 1 per cent reduction per year. The total value of the transmission equipment for the various panels is expected to be $27810 per station per unit, assuming that
1) Based on historical market share, the global share of the operator's equipment-type customers, the previous share of the company's procurement among its major clients, and given that the company will be a major supplier in 5g, strong, and the market view focused mainly on the elasticity of the company's performance as a result of the construction progress of 5g, which is considered by the market to be 5g
Building size and prices will be the key to the future growth of the company. Our view is that building 5g will indeed lead to growth in the company’s performance, but in the context of the current construction of 5g with a high degree of certainty and demand, the company’s performance is actually equal to the number of 5g base stations and pcb prices.
In response to the low sensitivity, our belief that the company's future growth should be focused on its own competitiveness, which ultimately determines the company's market presence in the new 5g market, we observe that the communications market accounts for the highest share of multi-layered products, whereas companies have traditionally provided mainly multi-layered products, with a large number of products.
With a multi-layered technological reserve, competitiveness in 5g is strong and growing in time. In November, there will be a large-scale collection of results by operators and equipment providers, and if the base station is currently in a market of high interest, we will use the p-relative valuation method to value the company.
By comparing comparable corporate valuations and taking into account the high rate of growth in next year's 5g release, we expect that next year the company will realize a net return profit of $1.67 billion, with a market value of $50.1 billion for next year's target of 30 timespe, corresponding to lower than expected downstream demand; a price of 5g pcb less than expected; and a market share less than expected.
The main business is communication pcb, which was established in 1992 and is mainly concerned with the production and sale of printed circuit boards (pcb), with downstream applications covering mainly communications and automobiles, respectively in 2018.
It reached $5.50 billion and $1.29 billion, of which 63.4 per cent (19h1 as against 67.5 per cent) and 66.8 per cent (73.7 per cent) of the gross profit ratio for communications pcb operations, respectively, and the absolute backbone of the company ' s operations was car pcb collection and Māori communications pcb.
The company's main business is focused on communications pcb and cars pcb, where communications pcb includes both the operator network and the server/exchange, and in the light of current market conditions we believe that the logic for the company's future growth is: 1) 5g infrastructure gradually opens up the new pcb demand cycle for the operator network. 2019
In the next 2-3 years, infrastructure will be accelerated, leading to an increase in upstream demand for basic tools.pcb is the main building block of communications equipment. It is bound to benefit significantly.
Rapid growth is expected to accompany the 5g east wind: 5g application demand surges result in increased demand for pcb for servers/exchangers and structural changes. 5g application demand eruptions after infrastructure build will follow, while cloud computing needs will be used in data centres
The server will also have a high growth period, while the trend towards high-speed upgrading of servers/exchanges in the age of rapid information transmission is becoming increasingly evident, and the corresponding pcb will also have high-speed structural opportunities. Companies have long worked with global flagship switch producers, both in technology and in customer relationships.
There is a deep build-up and growth period. 3) Structural growth due to car computerization. Although the global demand for automobiles is currently weak, with the drive to auto-drive and the spread of new energy vehicles, the degree of car computerization has gradually increased.
The value of pcb will increase. The company’s participation abroad in Schweizer and many of the world’s well-known Tier1 manufacturers are also well-connected, with a small number of countries that are able to provide safety-type vehicles and pcb manufacturers that are expected to progress steadily and grow in the midst of the wave of car electronicization.
Figure 5: Logical diagrams of the value of the shares of zirconium, 2 and 5g pcb, with the national product replacing the pipeline for release, pcb in the operator's network is used mainly for circuit boards in communications system equipment, while the communications system is positive
At a historic opportunity to switch from 4g to 5g, pcb will grow as a key component of the communications equipment. Specifically, to sort out the performance of the communications pcb manufacturer, three factors need to be deconstructed, the value of the single equipment pcb, and the share of the manufacturer:
Communications pcb manufacturer = volume of telecommunications equipment x value of single equipment pcb x share of manufacturer we believe that there will be a significant increase in the value of both communications equipment (space) and single equipment pcb (unit price) in the 5g era, while companies, as globally renowned communications class, pcb dragonheads, 5g
The competitive advantage is evident and the share is expected to increase further, so that companies will be faced with 2.1, an increase in the number of macro-based stations and an increase in equipment in the 5g system, which determines that the number of base stations is the key to determining the number of communications equipment.
Communications equipment is hardware facilities and physical performance that carry the structure of the communications system. Communications systems can be divided into access networks (the so-called base stations), carrying networks (transmissions) and core networks (the processing of data and Internet links), and the main communications equipment corresponding to each of these three parts of 5g is base station equipment (the antenna system-aau and the base).
With units-du+cu, transmission equipment, core network equipment. 1) Access to the network, the so-called base station, is the site for launching and receiving radio signals, the main equipment is packaged with antenna systems and baseband units.
Three antenna systems and one base band unit, i.e., number of antenna system equipment (aau) = 3 x base station sites = number of base band units (du+cu) = 1 x base station
Thus, the number of network communications devices connected to the network depends on the base station number. It is worth noting that the base band unit was called bbu.5g at 4g and split the bbu into two logic units: du and c, which may be a combination of one device, or two, but from here on out.
The pcb perspective does not make much difference between separation and co-location, so it is assumed that the du+cu pattern is still the same as the bbu of 4g.) The transport network part of the carrying network, which transmits signals between the access net and the core network, is the main equipment.
device. In general, a network model is created when the operator constructs the network, which describes the amount of data that 1 transmission device is used to transmit several base stations, i.e. the number of transmission equipment = nx base stations
In other words, the number of transmission devices is also related to base station numbers. n The extraction values are based on different network characteristics, and there is no conventional relationship. In the latter case, we will use the Chinese telecommunications model to extrapolate them. 3) The core network is a network that manages and processes data, pricing, connection to the Internet, etc.
. The number of devices in the core network will depend on the size of the data received, the size of the data fork, depending on the base area that the core network is responsible for, and therefore the number of equipment in the core network is also related to the base site, but the number is vague and difficult to quantify, although it increases as the base station increases.
The core network is not discussed in any further quantitative way. Thus, the number of devices in the communications system is closely related to the number of base stations, i.e., the number of 5g base stations will be the key variable in the 5g opportunity.
The number of base stations of the communications system depends on the transmission distance of the base station signal, which is associated with the frequency of the signal. Based on the electromagnetic wavelength and frequency relationship formula, it is known that the wavelength and the frequency are inversely proportional, i.e. the frequency is shorter at the height and the wavelength means that the signal bypassing and the ability to penetrate the wall is less likely to increase.
Figure 7: The formula for the relationship between the electromagnetic wavelength and frequency is not able to meet the continuous bandwidth requirement of 5g because the spectrum in the low frequency band is already overcrowded.
So 5g development to HF will be inevitable. Based on the already disclosed national spectrum planning, most of the countries are concentrated in the core frequency of 3.3ghz-5ghz, and some of the countries are planning to move to the millimetre wave phase, which represents a significant increase in the frequency of 1.6ghz-2.6ghz, which means 5g.
The frequency of signals is higher, so the number of base stations has to be increased if they are to be covered. Thus, the increase in base stations due to the high frequency of 5 g is a necessary trend.
1.13 million stations, based on the construction pace of 4g and taking into account the expectation of greater investment and accelerated construction of 5g, we therefore expect the construction cycle of 5g to continue from 2019 to 2026, with a peak construction period of 2) based on the White Paper on Industrial and Applied Development in China, 2018, published by Sadie's consultant.
The number of base stations in the country will be 1.1 to 1.5 times higher than the number of 4g base stations, with the number of domestic base stations as a proportion of the global base stations in the period up to 2018 being 50 per cent. Given the faster construction of base stations in Korea in 2019, the more dynamic and the larger market in mainland China, it is assumed that 2019-
In 2026, the number of 5g base stations in the country accounted for 35 per cent, 50 per cent, 50 per cent, 430,000, 1.5 million, 2 million, 1.7 million, 1.5 million, 1.3 million, 1.12 million and 830,000 stations globally, for a total of 10.38 million stations.
Based on the above base station projections, it can be inferred that the construction of the 5g antenna system aau will reach 15.7 million in the country, 31.14 million globally, the 5g base band unit equipment du+cu will reach 5.26 million in the country, 1,038 million globally, and 5g equipment will increase by 10 per cent in the country.
The main equipment in the 5g payload network is the transmission device, which can be divided into forward, middle and return, which is the transmission of the antenna system to the base belt unit, du-cu and du-to-c.
The number of transmissions in 5g will increase, mainly from two sources, as mentioned above, and the number of transmissions will be related to the size of the transmission capacity, which will depend on the number of base stations, the number of which will inevitably increase.
The second reason is that the transmission network from 4g before is mainly conducted in a fibre-optic-drived square, while 5g will introduce the otn device program in areas where some fibre-optic resources are strained, thereby creating additional demand for the equipment. It is worth mentioning that 5g compared to 4g above will have an additional medium-transmission ring.
Section, depending on whether the du and cu of the baseband units are co-located or separated, but we believe that the two options have little impact on the need for transmission equipment because: when the du and c have been set up, the middle link needs new transmission equipment; when the du and cu are set up, the du +cu equipment (similar to the original bbu) will sink.
By the near aau, the transmission distance between cú and the mobile edge platform (mec) will be extended, and additional transmission devices will be added between cu and mec at this time. So, it can be said, the combined and separated program will have little difference in the number of transmissions.
Figure 13: Watn Device Map Chart 14: Source Wdm/otn Program Transfer Map Quantified, we can extrapolate from the Chinese telecommunications model (as du and c were combined and separated)
The amount of equipment required does not vary significantly, as the following calculations are made only from the des and decu sub-programmes: 1) forward transmission, aau to du, one du corresponds to a transmission device, and assuming that 10-15% of the base stations in 5g use the otn equipment option, conservative estimates of domestic and global penetration rates of 10%
Pre-ball transmission equipment will reach 530,000 and 1.04 million; 2) inter-port and retransmission, i.e. du tocu (the access layer of the host network) and cu to the core network (the confluence and core layer of the host network), with eight access loops per access layer in accordance with the Chinese telecommunications model
Base stations, each confluence ring in the concourse layer will be connected to six access rings, and each four devices in the core layer will be constructed into one core ring and 250 access rings (12,000 base stations for the four core devices), as well as medium transmission = number of access loops = number of base stations/8
The total number of retransmission equipment = summation ring equipment + core ring equipment = base station number 8/6 + base station number 8/6/2.5*40,000, retransmission equipment 110,000 and 220,000.To the extent that this is available, the total number of domestic and global pre-, inter- and retransmission equipment will be 1.3 million and 2.56 million
The number of stations is related to "transmission equipment: base station equipment = 0.25." We sell 750,000 wave repeaters for 2013-2016 (the main construction period of 4g), estimate the number of 4g transmission equipment at approximately 1 million, and 5g transmission is the increase in the volume of equipment.
In summary, since the 5g signal is a high frequency signal, the number of 5g base stations will increase significantly to 4g in order to meet the signal coverage requirement, on the basis of which the number of equipment connected to the network, the carrier network and the core network will increase, the first of the three factors that affect the performance of the communications pcb manufacturer is “communication equipment delivered”.
2.2 The pcb value of single aau increases by 433% to the maximum elasticity point.
Change, mainly due to changes in the antenna system: first, the base station antenna system was transformed from the original passive antenna system (separated from the radio frequency unit rru, connected by feed lines) to the active antenna system (the antenna and radio frequency set become a whole, collectively known as aau); second, 5g required a relatively larger network.
The number of vibrations will increase from the previous 4-8 vibrations to the main 192, and the number of passages (a set of filters, pa, transceivers, etc.) will be upgraded from 2t2r/4t4r/8t8r to 64t64r.
The pcb used by aau in 5g consists mainly of vibrations, scoring boards, trx panels and electrical panels, which vary from one part to the next. In particular, stuns used to be metal, while 5g introduced some of the vibrations made from pcb materials.
This means that there is a new demand for pcb. On the one hand, there is currently a plastic vibration program in the sub6ghz phase, and on the other hand, there is a microbanding of more than 6 ghz and the scoring board, so that there is limited space for pcb vibrations:
2) Factor panels, where the pre-fiveg credits are based mainly on the same-axis cable program, but where too many 5g vibrations increase the welding point of the cable, thereby increasing the wear and tear, the pcb scoreboard program will be introduced in medium 5g, which is an opportunity for pcb to increase from 0 to 1 in 5g. Although in the case of sub6ghz, it may still be taken.
Aluminium alloys, plastics, etc. are used as a power network (e.g. plastics-spill integration programme), but because aluminium alloys are no longer applicable in the millimetre wave band (over 6ghz), plastics programmes are no longer applicable, so the structure of the fractional boards in this paper may be a two-story (centrified network) piece of four-stretch board (calibration network).
It could also be a six-story sheet with an area of approximately 0.32 m2/hose antenna (800 mm*400 mm). Chart 20: Fow is a source antenna spectrometer physical (non-5g, reference only)
Figure 21: Factor network map 3) trx board with access devices, including radio frequency, number, function, etc. modules. In 4g, the trx board is placed in rru, and the 5g antenna and rru collection are increased after aau, as follows:
The size of the trx board on board will also be increased, from about 0.15 m2 to 0.32 m2 (800 mm*400 mm) from the previous antenna to 113% of the single plate. The structure of the trx plate is generally 12-16 floors.
Figure 22: Trx in 5g corresponds to the channel device The power plate non-core device panel is small in value and 4g to 5g is essentially unchanged, can 1) the trx and trx panels receive mainly high frequency data, so both boards need to be used on a high frequency base
The price of the pcb sheet depends on the difficulty of processing, in addition to the material.
The source antenna, with an increase in the number of accessors on a single plate and a significant increase in the integration of the trx board, the corresponding difficulty of processing and a significant increase in prices, according to industrial chain data, the value of the trx plate is about $4,000 and the price of the trx board is about $6,000 (4g).
The number of pcb values in each aau is estimated to be $3,200, an increase of 433 per cent in relation to the 4g antenna system, as can be seen from aau pcb in 5g.
The amount of pcb in du+cu and transmission equipment does not change much.
The pattern is similar, with the main pcb having single and backboards, specifically, 1) du+cu (similar to bbu) with the main two types of business handlers and master transfer plates, 1 business handler is generally responsible for aau, and a master transfer board controls 3 blocks.
Operational panels, that is, three operating panels and one main control board in one base station du+cu, with a total of four single panels, four of which are connected by one backboard. The size of each single plate is about 0.04 m2 (280 mm*14.45 mm), and the corresponding size of the four backboards is about 0.02 flat.
2) the transmission equipment also consists of single and backboards with a single area of approximately 0.12 m2 (400 mm*295 mm) and a piece of backboard with an area of approximately 0.40 m2
(9000mm*450mm). The number of front, middle and return manifests varies depending on the capacity of the transmission, and generally the larger the transmission equipment in the back, the more the corresponding tablets, e.g., osn 580, about 15 sheets, osn 7,500, 25 sheets, osn.
We assume that there are 15 singleboards/tables, 25 singleboards/tables, 48 singleboards/tables for re-transmission operations, weights for the number of pre-transmissions, repeaters, and a weighted average number of 22 units for the number of single-plate units available.
It also decreases as the number of singles decreases (because the backboards are used to insert singles, and there are not as many singles as that large), assuming that the two are linear, with 48 single pieces of communications in a more regular and fixed form, so that 5g relative to 4g is not too much change, the corresponding single.
Table 26: Structural relations between single and backboard
In terms of unit prices, the high-speed pcbboard and backboards of the 5g lined communication segments are used mainly by high-speed pcb boards, which are concentrated on 8-16 floors, mostly above 16 floors, and are much more difficult than aau, and because of this, the size of the plate does not change much, and the amount of data, real-time and throughput is high at 5g.
Some material performance, integration and layer numbers may be raised, but they do not involve a change of nature, as the price increase is not too large, about 10 to 20%. Thus, the value of pcb single tables in wired equipment is about 15%, combined with the volume of single-stage equipment and the unit price of materials.
So, the second factor of the impact on the performance of the communications pcb manufacturer, the increase in the “pcb value of single-desk equipment” is determined accordingly, with a 433 per cent increase in the value of aau equipment pcb, which is the largest increase.
At pcb prices, domestic and global communications pcb market space will reach $95 billion (an increase of 141 per cent relative to 4g) and $1871 billion, as can be seen in the large pcb market space in 5g. It is worth noting that the main source of growth is the aau of the base station, with $9,600 of the pcb of a base station totalling $11180.
(3200*3 = 9,600) from aau, with a relative 487 per cent increase in pcb of aau, which is the largest increase in all equipment, with domestic and global market space reaching a high value of $50.5 billion and $99.6 billion, so it can be said that whoever seizes the market opportunities at the pcb end of the base station has captured the middle 5g.
2.3. The growth of national production replacements, which binds the third element of growth for large clients, is the share of producers, whose share in 5g depends largely on the competitiveness of the various categories of producers, and we believe that companies have both foreign and domestic firms.
While the influence of the geographical dimension of the chain is gradually diminishing under the trend of globalization, the external environment has become more complex in recent times, and the importance of the geographical advantages of the chain has been highlighted for suppliers of the chain.
The rise of producers will be a key factor in their resistance to external risks, especially for the telecommunications industry. China’s communications industry has developed for almost 30 years, and mainland telecommunications operators have become the leading players in global communications, both wireless and light.
As a result of this global position and strong power, the performance of domestic producers in 5g is beginning to be strong, with 50 in hand orders, 45 in Nokia, 25 in China, 22 in Ericsson, who has always been in the lead, while the news in China has been in the anti-Amitigation, and so on.
See the strength of domestic producers; on the other hand, in 2019 (h1), China had a market of 31 per cent in 5g, with a q2 anti-super three-star ranking first, reflecting the barriers to the telecommunications industry and the competitiveness of industry leaders, whose strong competitiveness is expected to continue throughout the 5g period.
Communication pcb is dependent on equipment, and the rise of home-grown equipment manufacturers provides fertile ground for the development of the industrial chain.
Producers have also gradually reduced their input and operational expectations on the pcb board, representing the manufacturer, the United States pcb tap tttm, who expressed pessimistic predictions about their own communications operations during the 5g launch in July 2019, suggesting a strong momentum towards national production substitution.
So, in the 5g era, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa.
We believe that the country is expected to lead 5g. The high multilayers accumulate and the big customers are more sticky, and the current domestic firms involved in the 5g telecommunications boards include, in addition to the companies, the deep south circuits, the live electronics.
The company, deep south circuits, and live electronics are old-fashioned manufacturers of three deep-farm communications pcbs on the mainland from the operational layouts, and the top-notch east is moving into the field of communications through the acquisition of foreign assets, multek.
In our view, the company has a certain advantage in the domestic competition, as follows:
1) Communications certification cycle is long and the threshold for new entrants is high. The longer the product certification cycle, the higher the barriers to the product, the less competitive the newcomers have.
Propagators of long-term deep-farming communications pcb have a clear pre-eminence relative to newcomers, and even if newcomers compete, the pace of business layout will be relatively slow.
The distribution of the types shows that the 8-16 floors are the largest area, meaning that the communications equipment uses a larger number of high-level multi-layers in the category of 8-16 floors. The technological accumulation of companies at the high multi-layers is relatively deep, with the top layers of the backboard and linecard processes reaching 56 and 32 floors, respectively, as early as 2010.
More than the national average of 28 and 20 floors, and since 2010, companies have been optimizing the structure of their products and their production towards higher layers, and according to data from industrial chain research, the share of companies receiving more than 50 per cent of their communications class pcb above 16 floors in 2018 has exceeded 50 per cent.
Figure 36: Telecommunication equipment pcb Type Figure 37: The structure of the power share product (undisclosed by the company after 2014)3 and the customer are sticky, ranking in the country as the first echelon.
Obtaining the Client's Award for Best Quality Performance, Best Partner, Green Partners, and Gold medals during the course of the year, the company abandoned part of the order due to the move, but the company's orders recovered quickly after the 2015 recovery of capacity, which shows that the company's downstream customers are more sticky to the company.
The size of the first-largest customer on the circuit (the sales of the first-largest customer on the deep south circuit also include other products) ... We can assume that the two major communications class pcb old-timers have a small difference in their share of orders, as can be seen in the number 1 in the chain of large global communications equipment providers.
In the light of our belief that companies have a strong competitive position in the communications class pcb, this competitiveness will continue in 5g and eventually manifest itself in the third of the three factors that influence the performance of communications pcb, which is stable and promising to increase, and in combination with the first two factors, we believe that 5g will bring strong and strong companies.
Determined growth drivers.3 Server demand guidance warms and vehicle panels bring about structural changes. In addition to the operator ' s communications business, the company ' s other operations include server/exchange type pcb and automobiles
Pcb, we believe that there are more opportunities for these two operations as well. 3.1, cloud computing capex ring comparison upgrades, server pcb high-speed opening 193.2 billion spaces.
Calculating is one of the most important scenarios. According to the White Paper on Cloud Calculus Development, published by the Institute, the market has grown at a high rate of 23% and is projected to reach $273.3 billion by 2022 and 19% by four years. Focus on our market, our cloud count in 2018.
With a total market size of $963 billion, a 39 per cent increase in the same year, a market size of $29.3 billion in 2022 and 32 per cent in four years, the potential for growth of our cloud computing market is relatively full, as a result of high growth in 2018 and a slightly tired cloud computing market in 2019, but global cloud computing dragon Amazon,
Google and Microsoft announced a ring increase in capex in the third quarter of 2019, and Amazon indicated that cloud computing would increase because of foreseeable demand growth, and according to Bloomberg's unanimous expectation that future capital spending would continue to increase, with cloud computing market expansion imminent.
The data centre (idc) is the infrastructure that supports cloud computing, which can be seen as an expected guide to data centre needs, and the increase in the global giant capex will certainly bring about a warming of the idc demand.
In mid-2018, 12.27 million shipments were made, an increase of 21 per cent in the same year, while the average price was $6883 per station, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year, which is a reflection of a significant increase in the number and quality of servers in recent years.
Figure 43: Cost composition of idc. The quantity and quality of the server will eventually be reflected in pcb ' s high speed. From a pcb perspective, the server ' s basic structure and communication equipment are similar and are dominated by plug boards, with pcb used mainly for ordinary and high speeds.
pcb. As the number and quality of servers increase, on the one hand, the demand for pcb increases, and on the other hand, high-quality servers require more high-speed pcb boards with higher performance, which means that the penetration rate of high-speed pcb will increase considerably, thereby accelerating the expansion of the market.
The idc compound growth rate of 5.8 per cent over the next five years, after the wireless base station, will create a market space of $193.2 billion over the next five years.
The company has been working with a number of world-renowned servers/exchangers for many years, and this year it has obtained high-end orders such as data centre high-speed operation servers, data storage, switchboards, and routers, using its own excellent processes, which have led to significant improvements in corporate revenue and profitability.
Given the gradual opening of space, companies are expected to continue to improve their product structure and to improve their performance rapidly. 3.2. New-energy cars are intruding with adas, car electrons are bringing structural opportunities for pcb.
At present, the largest electronic carrier, car electron penetration, has ample space to upgrade, and the pcb and coating plates as vehicles have a wide range of possibilities for growth in the area of automobiles. Specifically, car electron is made in two ways: 1) new energy vehicles have increased penetration. The most central parts of the new energy vehicles are whole-car controllers, electrical controls.
The three main units are the electronic units specific to the new-energy automobiles to the traditional ones, the relatively higher degree of electronicization of the new-energy cars, the higher electronic cost of the vehicles based on intellectual research, and the pure electric vehicles, which account for 65 per cent of the total cost of the cars compared to the other models.
As a result, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will increase and the electronic market will increase. According to ggii, by 2022, the production of new energy vehicles is expected to reach 6 million, and the growth of new energy vehicles will help drive the entire electronic market to grow:
The level of automation of traditional cars has increased. The level of automation of traditional cars is largely reflected in the low penetration rate of the adas before the adas, but countries are actively promoting the adas penetration process, which, according to reports published by the China-China Institute of Industry, is expected to reach $7.03 billion in market size in 2021.
One of the most important components of adas is a millimetre wave radar, the core hardware of which is a mic chip and an antenna pcb board, in which the antenna pcb board needs to be used with a relatively high volume of high frequency pcb board, which can be said to be required in the context of increasing adas penetration.
In recent years, the global demand for cars has been weak, especially as domestic car sales have increased from -3% in 2018 to -10% in the third quarter of the year 2019.
See the overall pressure on cars. But we believe that, given the gradual increase in electronic penetration of new-energy vehicles and cars, car pcb is still expected to maintain a high rate of growth because, on the one hand, the global demand for automobile sales has remained largely stable (marketline expects steady growth over the next three years), and on the other hand, bicycles are expected to remain stable.
As the penetration rate of new and higher-value pcb vehicles continues to rise, we see that vehicle pcb can achieve 8.4 per cent of the same rate of growth even in 2018, and we believe that future vehicle pcb is expected to usher in structural opportunities.
According to Prismark, a combined growth rate of 5.6 per cent over the next five years in the pcb market is projected to reach $242.4 billion in total space over the next five years, with steady growth expected under pcb for structural opportunities.
Figure 52: Domestic penetration of new energy vehicles
The company, as an early electronic manufacturer of continental cabs, has been working with the global Tier1 manufacturer for many years. One aspect is that the company already has a great deal of technical experience in traditional safety-type and non-safe-type car pcb plates, and has a great deal of business experience, which is now under pressure by the overall low demand in the city, but with the need.
In order to make a steady recovery, the company is expected to gradually expand its automobile board operations with its own accumulation; on the other hand, the company began strategic cooperation with a well-known foreign car radar company, Schweizer, divided between 2014 and 2017, and now holds 19.74 per cent of its shareholdings, as a result of which the company will be able to make a difference.
In the depth of the collaboration, the company is expected to develop a mastery of the core technology of the high-frequency car radar pcb manufacturer, which is expected to cut into the high-end car pcb area once the adas have been upgraded. 4 Performance measurement: net profit from mother cagr 3 = 52%, high growth recognition
Under conditions of rising market demand and strong corporate competitiveness, we believe that companies are on a high-growth track over the next three years. We measure their performance in 5g, non-5g (4g+server/exchange), automobiles and other industries.
1) Basic assumption 1: Communications class pcb includes the operator network-related pcb disclosed by Prismrk and the server/exchanger under the computing class. Historical data are published for Prismark.
pcb market space amounts to $82.7 billion, $99.2 billion and $10.91 billion, respectively. 2) Basic assumption 2: the company's share of historical markets in the “operator network plus server/exchange” market 4-5 per cent, taking into account the company's global share of equipment-type customers, the company's previous customers
The share of procurement in households, taking into account that the companies mentioned above will become important suppliers in 5g, basic assumption 3: based on the foregoing estimates, the number of new 5g base stations worldwide is expected to reach 430,000, 1.5 million and 2 million in 2019-2021;
(4) Basic assumption 4: Using the above-calculated value of individual base station pcb at $11180, and taking into account that the price of the product will decline as a result of the increased competition, it is reasonable to assume that the 2020-2021 base station pcb unit price reduction is equal to 5) Basic assumption 5: Using the above-calculated transmission equipment in relation to the base station equipment at 0.25,
Therefore, assuming that the ratio of transmission equipment to base station quantities in 2019-2021 is 0.25:6) Basic assumption 6: the pcb value of single transmission equipment, calculated using the previous text, is $27810, and given the difficulty of single and backboard products and the small number of competitors, it is reasonable to assume that the transmission will take place in 2020-2021.
7. Basic assumption 7: Non-5g operations include operator 2g/3g/4g and server/exchange market, based on historical market prevalence, considering the enhanced competitiveness of the company ' s large overseas exchange customers.
(9) Basic assumption 9: Based on the compound growth rate projected by Prismark for vehicle pcb in 2018-2023, it can be seen that the three years before the construction of 5g were a critical period for the company’s performance.
1) Basic assumption 1: The average annual pcb Maori rate is estimated at approximately 35%, based on industry chain research. 2) Basic assumption 2: The non-5g Māori ratio is based on the low ratio of the company ' s 5g revenue in the previous three quarters, and can therefore be consulted for this year ' s disclosed Māori rates for communications-type products.
So we can see from the semi-annual reports that the Māori rate for communications-type products has risen to 31.85 per cent, considering that companies' strong competitiveness in communications-type markets can ensure that they get good orders, but also considering that high-end Māori rates are not sustainable enough.
The Māori ratio of the divisional car pcb operations has stabilized at 25 per cent: the Māori rate of the divisional other pcb operations has stabilized at 30 per cent;
Producers will benefit from the 5g infrastructure, server warming, and structural opportunities for cars at pcb. For valuations, there is still a high value space, with a “buy-in” rating for the first time, compared to the current valuation level of comparable companies and taking into account the three-year compound increase of $29.
According to the preceding reasoning, the company’s future growth comes mainly from the growth of 5g operations, and we believe that the key variables affecting 5g operations are mainly from three sources, namely, 5g base stations, 5g related pcb unit prices, and the company’s market share in the 5g market.
The demand in these two areas is not expected to affect the company’s profitability. In recent years, communications have been largely dependent on 5g growth, and although countries around the world have made some plans to invest in 5g, they are still in the construction year, with the visibility of the entire 5g base station.
Low, coupled with the fact that the negative aspects of trade friction have not been eliminated, there is a high degree of uncertainty about the progress and volume of construction of 5g (e.g., the fact that domestic operators are now proposing co-sharing of the base stations makes it inevitable that the final base station will be responsive to this problem, and we have tested the sensitivity of the net profits of the company to the construction of the 5g base station, other variables).
As the number of 5g base stations is not expected to affect the company’s net profits without change, so the 5g base station is not expected to be a risk point. While our projections are conservative, the car plate is expected to remain open if the demand in the car market continues to weaken.
The Division ' s vehicle operations will perform less than expected, with special attention to it. The results of the sensitivity tests will no longer be disclosed here because of the smallness of the vehicle and the lack of impact of the sensitivity tests. 5.2, 5g related pcb unit prices are not as high as expected
As the large-scale collection of 5g approaches, the increase in prices will be the inevitable trend, and while we have made assumptions in the projections about a future decrease in the unit price of 5g to pcb, given the large volume of 5g, the decrease in the unit price may be greater than ours and ultimately lead to a failure to perform as expected. We have tested the net profit of the company.
The sensitivity of the pcb per 5g unit price reduction suggests that the decline in unit prices will become a risk of the company not making as much profit as expected, with 5.3, 5g city coverage being less than expected, and as the 5g outbreak deployment approaches, more and more pcb manufacturers are involved in the construction of the 5g.
Competition is increasing. In the preceding analysis, we believe that companies are competitive and are able to achieve a higher share, but the increase may not be as high as expected. In response to this, we are here to test the sensitivity of the net profit versus the market, so that the net profits of companies will be affected by their higher market share, which will make it possible.
is the main risk point for its profits. Click or click here to enter text. Scores, after which the final rating is calculated on an average basis, as an average market investment