The titanium industry has grown steadily, and the advantages of size have created long-term barriers — the Long Song Group (00201.sz) incident assessment report.
In 2024, the company achieved gross operating income of $27.539 billion, a year-on-year increase, and in 2025, the company achieved operating income of $7.06 billion in a single quarter, together with a solid core mastery base and a long-term barrier to the advantages of scale.
As a leading company in the titanium industry, the company ' s two major major businesses, titanium powder and sponge titanium, in 2024, were re-innovated and formed the company ' s basic performance plate. titanium powder produced 12,955 tons a year, an increase of 8.74 per cent, and sales amounted to 12,545 million.
69%, despite global market price pressures, the company has consolidated the titanium powder industry by increasing capacity utilization, using the two-process advantages of sulphate and chlorination in order to hedge prices for volume growth.
The iron ore business, with falling sales prices and falling sales at the same rate, has held up local performance. The company relies on a system of self-sufficiency in the flowered magnets, based on titanium industry skills, resources, and market advantages.
1. The q3 repatriation (70 per cent titanium self-sufficiency) and global distribution networks are expected to complete the titanium industry, raise the net profit ring and consolidate the titanium mine.
A sustained increase in market share is to be achieved. The economies of scale and cost advantages will form the basis for profitability, driving core masters to develop in synergy with emerging business.
The right to film prospecting highlights the structural division of costs during the company ' s upstream titanium deposits and the small increase in net operating cash flows " 2024-09-23.
In 2024, corporate sales/management/financial/research and development fees were increased mainly because of higher interest costs and lower exchange rate earnings: first quarter of 2025.
In terms of cash flow, corporate activity in 2024 continued to break through technical barriers and optimize production in the field of new energy materials: technology at the end, high-pressure-pressure-based lithium phosphate has achieved a critical mass of 2.5 g/cm3
Indicators, enabling companies cut into high-end supply chains for power cells, filling product gaps, while increasing market access. High-fold lithium phosphate evidence material is being developed and targets are being achieved to achieve the density of lifep04/c composite materials 2,3g/cm3, 1c
At the same time, in the field of low-polar materials, the fast-filled man-made graphite material hits five-c times the performance, and the high-ed graphite negative-polar material achieves gram capacity.
The tons of iron phosphate project is accelerating, with the production of 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year being built in an orderly manner, and the company will in the future form a diversified operational matrix of “traditional titanium industry plus new energy materials plus storage energy track”.
The company is leading the titanium industry, and its core performance remains stable, waiting for the value of the titanium chain to fall short of expectations; risks to international trade; declining product prices; and lack of progress in the project
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.