Longsong Group (002601.sz): Short-term performance, April 25, 2025, pressurized, continuous improvement of the industrial chain layout
Rong Song Group, which publishes the 2024 annual report and the 2025 1st quarterly report: the company achieved business income in 2024, a company dedicated to the development of new materials such as titanium, zirconium, lithium, etc.
Large and diversified groups of manufacturing and industry-deeply integrated enterprises are mainly engaged in titanium powder, sponge titanium, titanium products, and lithium yoy-27.86 per cent.
The production and sale of products such as electric positive and negative-polar materials are sold to more than 100 countries and regions on six continents. Its core business, such as titanium powder, continues to grow and its total net profit is held short-term.
In China, titanium powder produces 1.51 million tonnes/year, and titanium titanium production is growing by 6.82 per cent to 18.980 billion yuan on the same year, of which titanium powder sales are increasing by 80,000 tonnes/year, all of which are among the highest in the world.
8.25 to 12.545 million tons; and 16.71 to 2.647 billion yuan in the same year for sponge titanium operations, of which 4257 to 66.9 million tons were sold in the same year for titanium: iron, silicon products, new energy materials, etc., based in Buchen, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, etc.
In six municipalities in five provinces, there was an initial decline in the collection of minerals from titanium. On the profit side, the company ' s combined Māori rate fell by 1.7 hundred workers in 2024, to titanium powder and titanium metal manufacture, and the derivatives were combined.
Green industrial chains used: Non-metal sulfur products are controlled by companies with points to 25.01 per cent, as sales prices for iron ore fall, and profit from positive and negative materials in new energy plates run by the Oriental sulfur industry.
Unsatisfied expectations, and the financial costs of repurchase of the subsidiary Yunnan titanium stock, the net profits of companies, the product-rich structure of the titanium powder industry, the continued deployment of upstream mineral resources, and the enhanced integration of the industrial chain. The company titanium powder and sponge titanium production are among the world’s leading, with a capacity of 1.51 million titanium powders.
In the case of titanium powder, the company will increase the ratio of titanium powder to chloride, upgrade the product to the upper-middle end, and increase the ratio of exports. In the case of capacity, the company will accelerate the release of capacity from the 200,000-ton titanium titanium chloride production line project, and will actively plan the follow-up capacity.
In terms of upstream raw material mineral resources, companies have actively promoted two core projects, the joint development of the two mines in the Qujiang mine and the development of the iron mine, to enhance upstream raw material security and enhance the integrated use of resources.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: The company is a leading industry in titanium powder, and titanium powder and sponge production is among the leading global players.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Group (00201.sz): short-term pressure on performance, continuous improvement of the industrial chain layout, the source of financial prosperity in the East
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Group (00201.sz): short-term performance pressure to continuously improve the layout of the industrial chain
Liu Woo-chul has his own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.