Unlike the past season, when the pipeline was under pressure, this year, the company stepped up its management of pipeline stocks in the third quarter and took the initiative to slow down.
The pace of the goods, which led to a marked decline in the three quarters over the first half of the year, fell short of market expectations. As a result of the control, the price of the five batches was stable, there was no significant decline during the two seasons, and the price of the batch fell slightly, and the volume was faster and the short-term fluctuations were more resilient.
The rate is stable, with a slight increase in profitability. 21q3 Māori is 76.11%, compared with the increase, plus 1.6 pct, which is mainly the company’s strict control of HP-5 and the distributor’s plan to raise $999.
This year, the company will recover the five-food spring brands, change the market in June, and focus on three quarters. On October 9, the company issued a notice that it would stop.
The second-generation food-spring process, with the distribution of quotas for the entire year 2021, has been smoother, with a year-round double-digit growth of time. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: price-plating stability is the company’s main job this year, and it promotes movement on the one hand.
Good marketing and sustainability, on the one hand, and the stability of distributors’ profits, on the other, will help to strengthen dealer confidence and maintain good producer relations. This year’s planned increase in the share of out-of-pocket loans and the release of classic five-food fluids will contribute to further upscaling of tonnage throughout the year, laying a solid foundation for companies’ high-quality development.
\triangleright \triangleright
Five grain fluids (000858): rational and self-assurance, consolidation of 1,000-dollar-priced belts, five grain fluids (000858): replating
2020, Deep Reform, Value Revival, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, has been planning a study on the evaluation of real estate tax bases in Shenzhen City by the National Social Fund, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.