1218 Conference feedback positive and pragmatic moving forward (for the first time)
Values are still low, cultural diffusion needs to be enhanced, some market fundamentals are weak, marketing teams are slow to shift, a few distributors are aware of services needing to be enhanced, some are not profitable enough to meet expectations.
This year, the company made six major breakthroughs: 1) the product structure has been optimized. The core is a solid increase in the price of a single eight-generation five-generation food fluid as a whole, and the end-markets have been re-innovated.
Price relations for good. The series of wine products has become more focused, with the successful launch of new products, such as the five-food spring, the cutting-edge 1911, and the series of wines has become more visible to self-employed brands, medium-high-priced brands, and high-quality brands.
Broken. Building on the core value of the five grains, the thick cultural base, the original grains, the cellars, the brewing, the branding of quality, and the advantages of the different consumer circles, from the international to the domestic, branding and export activities. 3) Channels are being upgraded. The traditional terminal channels are being further upgraded.
Optimize, steadily promote the integration of the supply chain of the five food fluids and a series of channels, and the country and the region ' s super fine-tuning of services. The network is further developed, with 70% of enterprises grouping, building a consortium led by leading companies covering 30,000 businesses across the country.
Purchase networks, special campaigns in priority markets such as Nanjing Chengzhou, Dhuang County, North, to achieve better growth. 4) Consumer growth is a new dynamic.
Yes, there has been a steady increase in the rhetoric and activity of high-end consumption. A series of wines has been introduced on the line, scavenging below the line to promote consumer rejuvenation and transformation, and faithful consumers have gradually increased. 5) The digital transformation has made new progress.
Dismantling mechanisms that facilitate marketing initiatives throughout the process. External integration of marketing processes such as traditional business, creative business, etc. into online digitized systems, with digital enabling effects for the first time. 6) Vendor relations reach new heights.
The Community of Destiny is stronger by providing joint assessment and value-added services, working together to enhance business learning, working together to enhance quality, working together to promote a better image, working together to transmit a strong intergenerational heritage.
In 2022, the company’s five priorities were: 1) to maintain culture and services, and to continue to strengthen consumer development. In 2022, it plans to build 10 new cultural sites and to put them into use, creating important positions for opinion leaders and consumer-correspondents.
Eight generations of five grain fluids and classic five-food fluids, increased branding, ip upgrades, increased strategic collaboration on international platforms, customizing of cultural wine, and orderly promotion of customized wine, sealing wine, and group buying and selling.
The exclusives buy custom jobs, build a stronger distribution system of services, optimize one-on-one services for opinion leaders. 2) Maintain a balance between supply and demand, and continue to raise the market position of the five grains.
The central position of the market for goods, the continued optimization of the plan's configuration, the optimization of the standard plan, the expansion of the collection channels through traditional channels, the stabilization of traditional quality markets, the expansion of high-priority markets, and the consolidation of the market base for high-quality mining for stable market growth
Potential, priority is given to the need to ensure quality marketing.
To promote the market position of the classic five-food fluids. 3) To maintain personality and market alignment to meet consumption needs of the new age. To start the old wine series, to be a big old wine market. To continue to nurture the low consumer market, to make full use of the low white wine advantage.
Expanding low and steady; stabilizing market advantages and creating low and affordable market recognition. Consistency with new demand for new generations of consumption, focusing on the development of wines such as wines and wines, and moderate development of wines. 4) Consistency in size and value, sustained push.
A series of wine upgrades. The five-food fluids are guided by the "Three Ones" and the "Three Focuses" and systematically implement a specific initiative on "Strength National Strategic Brands, Big Regional Focus Cards, High Merit Wholesales" that focuses on building the five-food springs and five-years-olds.
Food ol, five grains, four new national strategic products, regional strategic brands, as a strategic synergy, to further optimize the value of the price relationship and to promote a double market size for a series of wine brands. Increased marketing of products, 10/20/30/50 billion
It's one-size-fits-all, enhanced branding and expansion. It's an enhanced network of channels, making a great difference in the role of ka and electric vendor image poles. 5) It's a shared and shared effort to build a community of five food and fluid destinies on a continuous basis. Optimize team operations and services.
Capability to accelerate the shift from a “manager” to an “enhanced” “service” team — to continue steady progress in 2022, branding up, and, in 2022, the company will continue to do its marketing work and keep moving.
In general terms, maintain the focus on the alcohol industry as a major player, continue to push for new and innovative transformations, further advance the long-term approach to short-boarding and long-term work, and set up a new round of high-quality development. Stick to high-quality upgrading and accelerate the construction of new manufacturers.
In the future, companies will have four main perspectives: first, the main brand of “1+3” product systems will remain the same.
Keep moving forward with the established strategy to boost the development of the classic five grains. Secondly, on the channel, the channel continues to promote the channel of group purchasing. Last year, the company took the initiative to open up the channel, targeting 30% in 2021. Third, on the wine series, the focus is on resources.
Four national strategic brands, namely, Point House, Five Feathers, Five Feathers, and Five Feathers, have managed to sell more than $20 billion during the 1450s: Top Point Targets 10 billion, Five Feathers and Five Feathers Targets 5 billion, and Five Feathers Targets 2 billion.
The price of the front base is steady at over $2,500, and next year the price of the five grains will be steady at 1,000 yuan, with no major problems, and it is expected to continue to increase at a higher level, with a higher level of certainty of performance.
We believe that the company has taken a number of steps in recent years to reform and improve brands, products, prices, channels, etc., with significant results, market recognition, macroeconomic downside risks, disease-delayed consumption, and classic five-food fluids that are not growing as fast as they can.
Food drinks group profile Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food beverage industry, etc.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.