Sujiyama Portfolio (000858.sz) Reason for reporting: 3-quarter review
Three quarters of the growth rate slowed, but the year-round target was ready for the company to issue a three-quarterly report, and the company achieved 49,721 million dollars in operating revenue in January-September, a year-on-year increase.
The two-digit growth has been maintained since the third quarter of the year. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a revenue of 49,721 million yuan, an increase of 17.01 per cent from the previous quarter, a net profit of 17,327 million from the mother, a net profit of 4,127 million yuan from the previous quarter, an increase of 11.84 per cent from the previous quarter, and a decline of two in the third quarter.
More specifically, the base was high last year, q3 was affected by the outbreak and floods, profitability continued to grow and cash flow was excellent. The company's net interest rate on sales for the first three quarters of 2021 was \triangleright.
There will be long-term competition patterns for crowding-up growth. The white industry is still in the long run of a new cycle of growth characterized by structural prosperity, high-end white wine will continue to lead to structural growth in the industry, and the industry will further concentrate on niche brands, niches, and niches.
The rate of growth is slowing down on the 28th floor of Trade Center A, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, considering that the fourth quarter was the return of the white wine industry and the sale of Wang Quan, we believe that the 28th China is located in the city of Beijing.
The eight-generation five-generation fluids continue to grow at full cost, and the classic five-food fluids are expected to grow under the seven levels of the intercentre driven by the optimization of channels and the upgrading of services; the series of wines will be "maintenance, optimization, adjustment" as the main line of work.
The four major national strategic brands of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. continue to gain momentum and increase their contribution, thus ensuring a double-digit growth year-round.
In the short term, the goal is a secure year of steady growth. In the medium and long term, we believe that the company will strengthen its organizational security by continuously improving its branding system, optimizing its channels and strengthening its organizational security.
In 2021-2023, the net return profits of companies are expected to be $24.310 billion, > macroeconomic uncertainties, increased competition in the industry, and a well-known branded intellectual property rights protection attitude, and the report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.