q3 Performance decelerated and profitability increased. 3rd quarter 2021 food fluid (000858) Performance rating: company issued 3rd quarter 2021 report. Company achieved operating income of 497.21 in the first 3 quarters of 2021
Wei Hongmei achieved business income of $12,269 million in the quarter, an increase of 10.61 per cent over the same period; net profit returns to mothers of $4,127 million, and corporate performance of q3 slowed down. q3 achieved business income of $12,269 million in the first quarter.
As the epidemic subsides, the demand for white wine recovered, and the company stabilized in the first half of the year compared to the second quarter. Compared to the first half of the year, the company’s q3 performance was slower.
The company is currently implementing a strategy for the development of the "Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
At the same time, the focus is on building super-high-end classic five-food fluids to raise the 12-month maximum price of high-end products, and the classic five-food fluids are expected to become another major core single system in addition to P5 at the end of the 14th century.
With regard to the minimum price in December, the company has been pushing for a brand upgrade of a series of liquor products, aiming to harvest $10 billion in 2021, and the series is expected to become a new business growth point for the company.
In terms of volume, in July 2020, the company officially launched an eco-breeding project (phase I). As the expansion progresses steadily, the company’s capacity is expected to continue to be released. The company is expected to produce 400,000 tons of original wine by the end of the fourteen-five-year period.
With a drinking rate of 10-15%, it is expected that the total capacity will exceed 40,000 tons after completion of the work. On the price side, the company will continue to increase its share of the group purchasing channels and optimize its product structure, depending on current actual developments, and the company’s output will be expected to increase further in tonnage.
Corporate q3 profitability increases. Corporate q3 profitability increases as the product structure of the company continues to optimize and the channels of group purchasing accelerates. 2021q3, the company achieves a Māori ratio of 76.12%, an increase of 1.61 percentage points. Corporate cost control is better at the cost end. 2021q3 sales.
As a leader in the high-end, strong white wine industry, the expansion of corporate capacity and product upgrading have steadily advanced, and the development of bulk purchasing channels will further raise the tonnage price of aid products, with room for improvement in the volume price of the company’s products. Maintaining the “recommended” rating of companies.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.