On December 18, the company convened the 25th Congress of Co-Communists to take stock of 21 years of work.
Twenty-two years of work. 21 years of successful admission, 1405 starts laying the groundwork. 21 years of steady progress, high-quality market share rises, sales earnings, market share, and marketing. 21 years of company success.
The product structure continues to be optimized with a steady increase in prices, the classic five-food fluids have been successfully imported into the market, the wine products have been remembered. 1.21q3 literal basis, with an emphasis on long-term high quality, 22 years of steady adjustment, and consistent balance between supply and demand.
Quantified Development - 3-quarterly Review of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-E-Fly-Fly-F-Fly-Fly-E-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-Fly-F-F-F-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F
The 22-year marketing focus is on: 1) maintaining culture and services together, and plans to create 10 new cultural experiences 3. " Performance meets expectations, with double-digit growth throughout the year. "
It is also being used to optimize the way in which the costs are assessed and to set quantitative targets for consumer development.
P5 will continue to optimize the configuration of the plan, expand the acquisition channels, stabilize traditional niche markets, and integrate the development of high-lying markets, priority markets, and support programmes and policies; P5 will continue to strengthen consumer growth, optimize the 1+n+2 channel model, and lead the way in Beijing.
Classic 30 of the Shanghai Market) maintains personality and fashion, enriches the system of cultural custom-made products, expands the market costs of low alcohol promotion. 4) upholds size and value and continuously promotes the upgrading of wine series to create 10, 20, 30, and 5 billion class-class monolithics. 5) insist on sharing and working together to build a common destiny.
Same, accelerating the transition from a management-based to an enabling, service-based team. Short-term steps are smooth, and medium- and long-term moats are still solid. Source feedback suggests that 22 years of P5 combined prices are already available.
It is remarkable that the current balance of supply and demand, and steady progress, will ensure a good value chain, brand leadership, and long-term development. The classic five-food fluids have a sense of dominance, and the consumer's feedback is good after drinking.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, recurrent risk of epidemics, increased competition in regional markets, and food safety issues.