Five grain fluids (000858): Quarterly income waves move without changing long-term value judgements Five grain fluids
Incident: The company ' s operating income for the first three quarters was 49,721 million yuan, an increase of 17.01 per cent from the previous quarter; the net profit to the mother, i.e., I.E.L.A., was a wine industry with $17,327 million, an increase of 19.13 per cent from the same period. Of this, business income for 2021q3 was 12,269 million.
At the core, mega-country revenues in areas such as smart manufacturing, food packaging, modern-day flows, financial investment, and the health industry fluctuated slightly between seasons, without changing long-term value judgements.
There's a conglomerate. Its dominant product, the five-grain liquid wine, is more evenly delivered during the quarter of this year, with three quarters digesting pre-existing stocks, long-term, well-culturally, the Chinese fragrance of white wine.
"The name of the country is lower than it was in previous years, affecting the pace of revenue recognition: on the other hand, the sale of wine in Henan, the main power area, was the first to be covered by the Central European Geographical Indicators Agreement."
The year is affected by the floods. We believe that the quarterly income increase is more volatile, without changing the company’s long-term value judgement.
The grouping channels increased further, the classic five-food fluids led to a rise in tonnage prices, resulting in a 0.35 per cent increase in net interest rates over the year. 2021q3 operated a 141 per cent increase in net cash flows over the year, mainly due to maturity of instruments, total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares)
In the future, the company will continue to expand its market-wide and fully engage in consumer recognition activities. The company’s medium- and long-term price growth as the top brand of the fragrance remains similar.
33 times the equivalent. Consider the company's ability to continue to gain market share in the high-end liquor track, and the release of brand pressure under the high-end strategy, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Weixy@dxzq.net.cn
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of five grains and fluids (000858): quarterly income fluctuations, without changing long-term value judgements, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
East Hing Securities reported five grain fluids (000858): quarterly income fluctuations that do not change long-term value judgements.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.