Food and wine, five grain fluids (000858): Business targets for this year are over-expected, promising and high-quality development prospects for the coming year.
The target is over-expected, and consumer growth will continue to increase in 2022, raising the status of the city’s five grains. At the same time, this year’s company’s evaluation of distributors has increased its support, coverage, and indicators are more scientific.
I. Business targets for 2021 are over-expected. We expect marketing targets for 2021, such as corporate sales revenue, market share, product marketing, etc., to be over-expected, providing strong support for the successful implementation of the 1450 plan.
Step up, the global authority brand value assessment agency, Brandfinance, ranked second with 23.5 per cent increase, total equity/flow (million shares) in the five grain fluids of the Global Most Valued Liquor 50 in 2021.
3a rating; China ' s 500 most valuable brands increased by two points on the same date by 14.6 per cent, with total market value/flow (million yuan)
Five grain fluids (000858) " Five grain fluids: main marketing company cleans up seven major brands, 509 products, and the number of branded products is reduced by 80%.
Focusing on self-employed brands, high-middle-priced brands, and high-quality brands is even more evident.
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Step-Step-Standing-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-Standard-A-Standard-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-A-St-St-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
Channel supply chains are integrated. In addition, the company covers a network of 30,000 enterprises throughout the country, and is specifically expanding and growing in the five-food fluids (000858), " Five-food fluids: open up 8 high-level markets and 14 provincial priority markets " .
In 2022, the company focused its marketing efforts on five areas. First, it continued to increase consumer growth.
The company will speed up the construction of a five-bain cultural experience hall in priority cities, and next year plans to build 10 new cultural sites and put them into use: focus on the eighth generation, the classic five-basin, and increase awareness: continue the custom development of the exclusive enterprise group.
Liquid market position. In the context of the overall supply of the five grains, and resource scarcity, the company will continue to consolidate the eighth generation of the five grains with a single price of 1,000 yuan and a white wine market with a dynamic strength of 2,000 dollars, and will enhance market development and achieve the classic five-food fluids by optimizing the 1+n+2 channel model.
Third, it will continue to meet consumption needs of the new era. Companies will adapt to new trends in consumption in emerging generations through cultural enrichment, customizing products, and fostering low consumer markets.
The four major national strategic products of music, cutting-edge brands are complemented by regional priority brands, total distribution brands ... optimized price relationships, promoted a double increase in brand value and market size of a series of wine brands, ensured effective upgrading of promotional and marketing programmes, and dedicated efforts to build up one billion grades, two billion grades, three billion grades and five billion.
The company will accelerate the transition from a “manager type” to an “enhanced” “service” team.
This year's evaluation showed four characteristics. First, total market support rose considerably. This year, total market support amounted to $820 million, an increase of 36.7 per cent over the previous year; 77 per cent of dealers received market support.
Second, market support has expanded. This year, 2,279 award-winning dealers were selected, 630 more (+38.2 per cent) compared to the previous year, and distributors were awarded in the five-food liquid marketing fields and the liquor series.
The limit of three years of competition and cooperation to select higher awards has led to the addition of 262 award-winning dealers. Third, market support has been more clearly oriented. Companies have focused on promoting distributors that contribute to public relations acquisition, quota growth, branding, etc.
Scientifically, companies no longer consider the amount of incoming goods as the sole measure, but rather combine the total amount of imported goods, the average price of the imported bottle, the amount of new product inbound, the promotion of sales, consumer development, etc. Assessment of the value of the dealer's contribution, of which the average price of the imported bottle and the cash return ratio are applied for the first time.
The weight of the test for the Star Prize, the incremental share of the five-food fluids, the weight of the classic five-food fluid intakes, and the single-basket average test for self-employed brands have been added to the series of wine plates, and the total number of sales brands has only been evaluated this year.
The company’s prognosis of the industry continues: first, growth logic is strong, consumption is rising, urbanization is rising, and structural growth in the white industry is underpinned. Second, demand for white wine is strong, and the social attributes of white wine are irreplaceable, especially high-end white wine. Third, white wine is of high quality.
Brands, high-quality production areas, high concentration of high-quality production capacity, leading firms and high-quality brands will continue to share the structural growth dividends of the industry. Therefore, companies will focus on raising their high-quality market share to accelerate the construction of new co-symbiotic supplier relationships, highlighting cultural construction and consumer training.
We expect companies to continue their high-quality double-digit growth next year, with eight-generation five-generation food fluids out of the plan.
The rise in prices, and the increase in the share, has led to a rise in the price of tons, which has led to a further increase in the price of approved prices, actual prices of consumers. Continuing the strategic focus on the promotion of the classic five-food fluids, continuing to strengthen the market-breeding and optimising channel model, with the higher 30-end classics expected to take the lead in the highland market.
For the wine series, the focus continues to be on the production of five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food specials, four-point national strategic products, promoting the brand value of the wine series, and optimizing the price of the wine series. When the former company opened the spring festival campaign, it was expected to open the door.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.