We'll continue to make steady progress in 2022 on the basis of 2021.
The company is currently holding its twenty-fifth conference of 1218 co-contributors, which, while taking stock of sales in 2021, produced a plan and a vision for 2022. The year 2021 was a year of great success, and the marketing indicators were more than expected.
Guided by key approaches, companies achieve “three upgrades” in performance, branding, image; and, “five visible enhancements” in quality support, science, technology and innovation, culture, industry ecology and team-building, market support is enhanced; in addition, marketing innovation has evolved over time.
At the same time, we have achieved “six breakthroughs” in product structure, brand promotion, channel construction, consumer growth, digital transformation, and business relations. This year, the company has increased both the product and the channel.
"Step price rises," the overall price remains good, the classic five-food fluids are successfully imported into the market, individualized, products such as the New Year's Monument are visible, and there is a clear trend towards a series of "strength focus", where the company completes the optimization of four national strategic brands, regional priority brands and part of total distribution brands.
Upgraded. Upgraded. Upgraded end-service capacity, enhanced main branding and chain supply chain, consolidated, optimized channel fine-tuning services, actively exploring power suppliers' cooperation, enhanced band-buying networks, visited nearly 30,000 priority enterprises, nearly 70% of them group-buying. In addition, the company is far north.
Eight highland and 14 provincial priority markets have been further developed to achieve a better market in 2022, and will continue to build on the current momentum. “Standing in the middle” will remain the main tone for next year, with companies emphasizing the need to continue to strengthen culture and service upgrading in order to strengthen brand culture in the current foundation.
Improved allocation of resources to enhance consumer growth; consolidation of the central position of the eighth-generation fifth-generation food fluids in the $1,000 price belt, enhanced synergy in production and marketing, increased precision in delivery, and a 2,000-plus white wine market to boost classic five-food fluid breakthroughs and improve the channel model of “1+n+2” in the north.
The last two cities have taken the lead on the 30th classic, and the alcohol series will continue to focus on building priorities: institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation; branding; combining culture and products, building a culture-specific wine system, and starting the old wine series.
The old liquor market; in addition, the “Community of Dealers’ Destiny” proposed in recent years will be further consolidated in 2022, accelerating the team’s shift from “management” to “empowerment” and “service.” There were market rumours early in the month that companies were developing prices for their products, and that the cost of five bottles for distributors would rise after price increases.
To $969 per bottle, the price will be equal to the price at the factory, and the 1218 Congress did not formally propose a price increase, but it does not rule out the possibility of issuing an increase at the beginning of next year. As the season approaches, the next five batches in December have been renewed.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... it is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in all or part of the report.