Food and beverage beverage manufacture Five grain fluids: the outbreak in the main distribution area affects the short-term rhythm, the year-round business goal is secure (+17.01%), the mother ' s net profit is $17.327 billion (+19.13%) and the non-mother ' s net profit is deducted
1) The speed of delivery, the outbreak in the main distribution area slows down q3 income, the pre-payment, the cash flow is bright, the speed of delivery is faster in mid-autumn, the Jiangsu epidemic in the main distribution area of China, Henan flu, etc., also shows a slight increase in total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The boom has slowed the growth rate in the third quarter of this year compared to the first half of the year. Moreover, the three-quarter focus on the overall market value/flow structure of classic products (millions of dollars) makes it easier to organize channels at different levels of price differentials and profit margins.
After repossessing the five-month series of wines, the focus will be on the stocking of the previous market, on the second generation of new items in June, and on the completion of the new offer of the quota this year by q3, with an estimated rate of increase of three quarters.
Five-food fluids (000858) " Five-food fluids: full-line, full-volume, direct-selling ratio " , Five-food fluids (000858) " Five-food fluids: open door "
If this year's low base, the advance of this year's return, and the increase in the maturity of the bank's bill of exchange, all show up and the brand is free, there's an increase in the two-digit profit margin, and there's price certainty.
3.3337 billion yuan less, an increase of $1,578 million over the same period, and the ring reduction is mainly due to the continued optimization and profitability of the internal structure of high-end liquor in some banks. 75.3 per cent (+0.7 ptt) of corporate Maori in the first three quarters of 2021, taking into account freight statistics
2021q3, the company ' s Māori rate was 76.1% (+1.6 pt), although the speed of the increase was much higher in the series of wines, five grain fluids: the outbreak in the main distribution area affected short-term rhythms, the year-round business objectives were well achieved, but there was an increase in the return of plant prices of $999 outside the P5 scheme, and the classic five grain fluids.
Increase in volume, increase in group purchasing ratio, increase in Māori contribution rate, 15.2% turnover, increase in 1.2pcc offsets some increase in Māori rate, sales cost forecasts and ratings: we expect high-middle-digit growth in sales this year, classics
A comparison of the five grain fluids doubled to 2,000 tons, combined with unplanned deployments and further upswings, a marked increase in tonnage prices, and the completion of double-digit growth targets by support companies like the Five Food Spring Recovery Management. The forward return ensured that this year’s q4 was more effective at the end of the market order, as well as next spring’s spring season.
After the first half of the year, the classic .q3 was refined and refined after the channel model and sales policy had been adjusted, and the platform and distributors were more rational in terms of division of labour and profit space, which contributed to stability.
This year, the market movement continued last year, with full-channel reforms to deepen and expand the regional and scope of the reform. The priority markets were re-division of distribution areas, division of distributors into full-scale carriers, more sophisticated management, and optimization of the distribution structure for the benefit of companies.
Sold to South China. Lee Yinwen Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.