The 2022q4 performance phase is under stress and does not change the high-end global profitability.
• 2022q4 performance phase, with no change in the long logic of high-end global profitability, leading to a steady increase in the share of the domestic market in all categories of goods, with global synergy driving sustained growth in overseas regions. In 2022, China generated $126,379 million (+4.6 per cent) in smart household operations.
The share of the equipment has continued to rise; overall access to the 2022 line gmv has increased by 20 per cent; three-wing birds have added more than 900 new stores each year, with a 257 per cent increase in retail sales; rural market entry services to enhance interaction with users and improve efficiency of transformation.
Global application of product innovation technologies; global supply chains that guarantee soft supply and efficient synergies; global production that is faster to meet local demand; global promotion of high-end innovation strategies, with continued increases in product price indices.
The price of bulk raw materials fell in the second half of the year; Overseas City, q3 Revenues increased steadily, high-end, digitally driven fields fell by the same rate of price increases for bulk materials. Sales cost was 15.9% (-0.3 pt) in 2022.
Net interest rates continue to rise – company updates 30% more efficient logistics loading at the point of delivery. The domestic market order delivery cycle was optimized by 7% in 2022. Logic continues to materialize – company information updates report
O1 Performance Over-expected, High-Advanced Net Gains from Globalization Continues - Corporate Information Updates 1, 2022q4 Performance Stages Overstretched, Do not Change High-Advanced Profitability from Globalization
Long logic The net profit/loss/loss to the mother is 13,963 million yuan, an increase of 18.0%. In a single quarter, 2021q4 companies achieved a net return profit of 3,045 million yuan (-2.7%), mainly affected by the impact of the domestic epidemic and the rise in overseas raw materials.
Corporate profits grew faster than revenues and profitability continued to increase, mainly as a result of: (i) the use of high-end brands to magnify single-user values; the promotion of three-wing bird scenes, promotion of synthesizing, scenario marketing; sales, increased user turnover; and (ii) the use of globalized supply chain systems and research and development platforms to deepen overseas market networks.
(c) Actively expand new product categories such as dryer, dishwasher, heat pump, home cleaning robot, etc. to create a second growth curve; and (iv) promote digital change, improve efficiency in marketing resource allocation, logistics distribution and warehousing operations, optimize business processes and improve organizational efficiency.
High-end has led to a steady increase in the share of the domestic market in all categories of goods, global synergy-driven overseas. According to the operational segment, China received $12,379 million (+4.6 per cent) in 2022 in smart electric power businesses, with the share of the main refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters continuously rising; network building deepened, with an increase in the total channel of gmv on the 2022 line.
20% long, top of the electricity industry: three-wing birds add more than 900 new shops each year, and the retail sales of doors increase by 257%: rural market entry services are provided to enhance interaction with users and increase efficiency in transformation.
Technology is widely used in global markets, such as the global listing of large-barrel roller washing machines; the global supply chain, flexible supply of barriers and efficient synergies: harnessing the capacity of globalized production to meet local needs more quickly; and the global promotion of high-end innovation strategies, with continued increases in product price indices.
In terms of the composition of the income categories, there was a steady increase in the collection of items in 2022, with a faster increase in cooking power and household electricity. Refrigerator/cooler operations: $4.399 billion (+3.5 per cent) in 2022. The share of retail sales under the company ' s refrigerators rose by 2.5 per cent to 43.9 per cent; the share of retail sales on line rose by 0.5 per cent to 39.2 per cent.
Satyr's infusion of refrigerators has increased by 180% over the year; Heil's whole-space ice reserves have been sold more than 1 million cases, depending on the advantages of the turbo and frozen technology. The freezer business has grown by 11%, and the commercial freezer has grown by 19%.
In Viet Nam, the market for the company ' s large-scale frozen-z products rose by 4.6 per cent to 3 per cent, with high-end large refrigerators accounting for 40 per cent. Cooking power: 3,763 million yuan (+7.7 per cent) in 2022, representing 15.5 per cent of the company ' s revenue.
The share of retail sales under the company ' s cooking and electrical products increased by 1.4% over the same period, to 8.4% for the first time in the first three industries. The company continued to introduce innovative products, which were approved by users, namely, Casatien ' s wind smokers, 300°c ultra-temperature self-cooking ovens, and innovative dishwashers.
In 2022, the company exported washing machines: $31,614 million (+3.1 per cent) in 2022 for the class of goods. The share of retail sales below the line increased by 1.8 per cent to 46 per cent, while the share of retail sales on the line reached 40.4 per cent and remained flat.
31%. The company's first clean-up + dryer new product category -- the Cassarty neutron and the American series, which boosted the dryer business, increased the dryer's income by more than 80%; the company's share of the new Kasarty dryer was raised to 46.6% above $10,000; and the development of new energy-efficient water-saving technologies, with Helmet's washing machine on the market for three months.
Companies adhere to high-end product backbones, promote interaction with global user diversification, and upgrade end-of-end experiences: industry online data show a negative 4 per cent growth in corporate exports in the face of industry downturn challenges, resulting in fast-tracking of grade-a energy efficiency products on the European market as a result of fully capturing product-efficient trends; heat pump rollers on the Japanese market are dryed together
Air conditioning: $33,947 million (+5.4%) in 2022 for the class. Of this, the share of retail sales under the domestic air conditioning line is high in the overseas subregion, where companies are under severe pressure in the North American market, with an increase of 9.0% over the same year, in core domestic electricity.
Industry declined by 6 per cent: the European market generated revenues of $23.32 billion, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same period: the Australasia market earned revenues; the sub-market generated revenues of $5.180 billion, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period; and the Japanese market generated revenues of $3.569 billion, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the same period.
Global markets are widely used, such as the global listing of large rollers; global supply chains that guarantee soft supply and efficient synergies; the use of globalized production to meet localized needs more quickly; and the global promotion of high-end branding strategies, with continued increases in product price indices.
Figure 3: Corporate growth maintained in foreign markets in 2022 High-end growth in Māori, and digitalization continued to drive lower efficiency gains Markets benefited from product structural upgrading, global platform R & D, procurement and digitized R & D end changes, second half of the year
The positive impact of such initiatives as the optimization of product structures and price increases in overseas markets was offset in part by a fall in the price of bulk materials, with the Māori rate declining in comparison with the previous year.The Māori rate, by category, was 46.01% (+0.22 ptt) of waterhouse power in 2022, significantly higher than the rest.
Digital change has shown an improvement in sales and management costs in 2022. Corporateization has been facilitated throughout 2022 by efficiency gains in digital change, marketing resource allocation, logistics distribution, and warehousing operations. Material numbers have decreased by 17.5% in 2022, and the level of generalization of materials has increased by 12%.
These gains are partially offset by a 30 per cent increase in the efficiency of the logistics loading of the delivery chain. The domestic market order delivery cycle was optimized by 7 per cent in 2022. Interest income was added to optimize exchange rate risk management strategies.
In 2022, the net operating cash flow of the company was $20.154 billion. In 2022, the net profit cash content was 1.37 and it was of good quality.
Corporate boundaries are expected to continue to expand. (2) The company’s share of overseas markets is expected to continue to rise, depending on global brand matrices, localization and fine operation. (3) The firm’s net interest rate escalation logic is expected to continue to materialize, driven by product high-end, global resource convergence, and digital change empowerment.
Lower costs are less than expected; high-end market demand is less than expected; and overseas synergies are less than expected.