24/04/04/ 2022 Security transitions are beginning to show, political and business security, 3600 (60160.sh)
Behave yourself and build a new income engine.
In 2021, the company registered a 17.32% decline in revenue. This decline is mainly due to a decline in income from Internet advertising, and a decline in net profit, deduction and non-return, mainly due to increased investment in corporate security.
Increases in sales and research and development costs. During the reporting period, companies made significant efforts to improve their sales-end capabilities, with a 31.43 per cent increase in the number of sales personnel and 34.54 per cent increase in the cost of sales over the same period; optimized the overall structure of development staff, with a 1.57 per cent decrease in the number of personnel over the same period, and sustained increases in the number of security numbers.
(b) According to investment in capacity-building, R & D costs increased by 8.97 per cent over the same year, with $1.381 billion, an increase of 70.91 per cent over the same year, and a Mäori rate of 67.26 per cent, maintaining a high growth momentum while maintaining a high Mäori rate;
We've been able to use the "Save Brain" model, successfully built around the "Save Brain", covering the areas of security, infrastructure components, IT products, security management, terminal security, traffic security, Yunan-Shangan, car network security, industrial Internet security, saas services, mobile security, etc.
In recent years, the Internet has slowed the overall growth rate in the advertising industry, and the pc end has gradually stabilized following the downturn of previous years. Companies as a whole have benefited from higher market penetration and active users of products and services.
In 2021, the company completed the opening of five major cities, completed full coverage of 15 core clients, and expanded 22-year-old cities.
Municipal orders include four provincial capitals, one single plan city, and a number of large and medium-sized cities. The number of regional clients and the amount of new signatures have increased significantly, with a total of nearly 2,000 new contracts completed, with a cumulative client coverage of more than 90% of central ministries, 80% of conglomerates, and 95% of the total.
Large financial institutions, in cooperation with millions of small and medium-sized enterprises, have been working on cybersecurity.
The risk of slow business expansion, short-term inflexibility of business concepts and business models;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Manager. With a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology corporate research, the University of Sydney joined the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio in 2019, mainly in computer/constructor investment studies.