Biannual performance forecast for 2021: Super Steel Core Assets, 05 08/2021
▪ Reasons for growth: highly customized services, robust down-scaling efficiency, highly customized corporate services, highly relevant to market demand, stable and sustainable orders; highly concentrated corporate purchasing and sales production with synergies, strict cost control, multi-initiative reduction of efficiency gains, with significant costs absorbed through multiple pathways
The company is planning to raise no more than RMB 5 billion, of which no more than RMB 1.2 billion will be spent on the “3+1 million” product improvement project, and no more than RMB 150 million will be used to supplement liquidity.
Projects such as environmental upgrading. Among these are “three-high-to-one” products that are company-owned, with high technical barriers, high import dependence, and extensive applications in key industries such as aerospace, ships, new energy sources, etc. Environmental upgrading projects are expected to open up further opportunities for companies to reduce efficiency gains.
In 2020, according to China Steel Association, we produced only 10% of the steel, while in Japan, 21% of the steel produced during the same period, a big difference compared to developed countries.
There is a low concentration, low alloyization, low weighting of high-value-added products in the special steel industry, which means that there is still a potential for development in the domestic steel industry, and there is much room for improvement.
1. China Sinte Steel (000708), from the special steel taps to the most diverse and wide-ranging high-end steel industry in the world.
Multiple M&As, with companies producing nearly 14 million tons of special steel in 2020, accounted for nearly 11% of domestic production. At the top of the core product base, the axle steel product sales have been the world's leading for 10 years in a row, with a multiplicity of steels as the country's first brand.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board