The value of the copper gold business continues to expand, and the new energy plate of the two lakes continues to expand, capperandgoldbusinesscontainuetoexpand, entry thethenewenergysectorwiththereelithiummines.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
It's a world-wide mineral resource for copper, gold, zinc, lithium, etc.
Large multinational mining groups surveying, developing and engineering design, and technology application research. Low-level M&A capabilities across China and the world to develop green-field mining capacity.
The company is the most rated company in China that controls non-ferrous mineral resources and has significant mining investment projects in 13 countries abroad.
• The performance of the year 2022 was impressive, and the net profits from production rose. Since 2020, the production of key products such as copper and gold in the gold mining industry has increased rapidly. The net profits from public entry and repatriation have been growing, developing steadily and performing well over the long term.
In recent years, companies have acquired a series of high-grade goods, both within and outside the country, in the seventh place in the world's copper industry, and in China in the seventh place.
In the last three years, the company ' s copper production has increased significantly, from 370,000 tons to 860,000 tons, entering the top 6 places in the global list of copper companies. In 2023, we took the dollar count and the stacked copper stock was low, and the copper price had risen.
Gold: At the end of 2022, the wealth of gold from the purple gold industry was 9th in the world, and in the last three years corporate gold production has increased dramatically, from 41 to 56 tons of mineral gold, to 9th in the world. Since 2022, the company has acquired marine gold.
In addition, the multiplicity of factors, including de-dollarization, has led us to appreciate the increase in the price of gold. Lithium: the company has developed a "one lake, one mine" pattern and is fully engaged in the new energy sector.
Lithium carbonate equivalents will exceed 10 million tons in the purple gold mining industry, and the projected annual capacity will exceed 150,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalents, all of which will enter the world’s top 10 and top 3 water levels. In 2022, the additional lithium carbonate resources will be ranked ninth in the world’s list.
The net profits of the company will be in a period of rapid growth, taking into account the value of water from comparable companies.