Participation in competitive bidding for China's largest lead and zinc mine, field layout with coded lead and zinc 16/01 2023 Event: 13 January 2023, announcement by company, full-owned subsidiary, Purple Gold State, to compete
The lead zinc mine is a world-famous, high-grade, super-large zinc (lead) mine at an average altitude of 5,600 metres, which can be mined in the open. The bid for the right to explore in the burning cloud lead and zinc mine is guaranteed at RMB 400 million, the base price (starting).
The first payment was 30% of the total yield (not less than $6.69 billion) and the remainder was paid on an average annual basis within 10 years of the transfer. The burning cloud lead and zinc mineral resources are large, high grade, and are currently in the exploration phase.
The largest lead and zinc deposits found so far are ranked sixth in the world. According to the Chinese Mining Report, three prospecting rights, totalling approximately 300 square kilometres, were established in the fire cloud lead and zinc mines census (Zone I) (Zone II) (Zone III). The total amount of resources in the three concessions was 19,187 million tons of zinc and lead metals, with the average grade of industrial minerals: zinc 23.37 per cent,
Lead 4.60% and zinc + lead 27.97%. Of these, the iii1 ore body is the main mine, with zinc + lead metal in total 18.197 million tons, representing 94.08% ore and zinc + lead metal in 96.34% of the region.
We've judged the mine to have a higher rate of success. This is a tough one. This is mainly a two-point competition: one with a high financial requirement; two with a high operational capacity to explore and develop the mine. On the one hand, this is a competitive bid.
The financial requirements of the participating companies are high. On the other hand, the mines are still in the exploration phase and are located in the highlands, and subsequent mining is more difficult, with a high degree of selectivity in completing the exploration and development of the mines within the required time frame.
Zhang Construction Industry Warfare. The company has a great advantage in terms of both its financial strength and its operational capacity to explore and develop mines. 1 The company has a strong financial strength, and the amount of this acquisition will not put much pressure on the company's normal production operations.
Research assistant Zhang Qing Liqiang. 2 companies have successful experience in the development and operation of several high-altitude, mega-projects.
The projects include the Tibetan Lake Largo missalin (4500 metres above sea level) and the Argentine Lake 3q Salt (4,100 metres above sea level).3 The company has successful experience with large-scale zinc (lead) mountain development and smelting projects, which have been built into large-scale zinc mining and smelting industry bases in Xinjiang Ucha.
In addition, the bid is in line with the company's development strategy, and in the event of a successful bid, the company's lead and zinc resources and performance rating: price drop q3 performance pressure, built-in growth +
As the company's size increases, small-scale mines have become difficult to form a significant marginal 2. Purple gold mining (601899.sh) dynamic report: bottom harvest.
This time, if the company succeeds, it will upgrade the company's zinc (lead) resource reserve to buy rosebel gold, with a next high-quality resource of 2022/ and yield, and the company is expected to become the second largest zinc (lead) company in the world and to strengthen the company's global zinc (lead) line.
3. Literary mining (601899.sh) semi-annual 2022 investment proposal: we expect the company ' s main product, copper and zinc, to grow over the next few years.
Performance rating: Quantums rise to high levels of innovation, looking forward to "two lakes one \triangleright is price center up, and we keep looking at the company's alpha logic. Considering the inaccuracy of this bid,
Qualitatively, we maintain the company's profitability projections and expect that the company will achieve a net return in 2022-2024.
5. Verbal gold mining (601899.sh) event review: Kamoa production planning is rising again, the third largest copper mine in the world \triangleright
The company issued a public announcement on 13 January 2023 concerning the right to engage in prospecting for the burning of lead and zinc mines in Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang. The right to prospecting for the burning of lead and zinc mines in Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinda, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang, Xinjiang.
The total amount of zinc lead resources metal is estimated at 1880.89 million tons, and zinc plus lead has an average grade of 27.97% (23.37% zinc, 4.6% lead), which is a world-famous high-grade, super-large zinc (lead) mine with an average altitude of about 5600 m, which can be mined in the open.
The remainder is paid on an average annual basis over 10 years after the transfer. 2 Fire clouds: location and transport of the largest lead and zinc mine in the country: the highlands, where construction is more difficult. The project area is located in the south-west of Xinjiang, the master of Mount Karaculone.
The northern ridge, the south-west of the Lindzig Pocket, and the city's direct line to the mining area is about 290 km, and Yeh County-Sweetwater Sea-fire is about 704 km wide, with the sweet water sea heading south towards the construction area of 102 km. The mine is located north of the main mountain range of Kala Kuala Lumpur, at an average altitude of 5343 to 5839 m above sea level.
At an altitude of some 5,600 metres, the high plateau terrain is characterized by a severe lack of oxygen. According to the Request for proposals for prospecting in Xinjiang and Tian County for the burning of cloudy lead and zinc mines, the mining areas have been established in areas 1, 2 and found in the year, and two rounds of surveys have been completed.
The right to prospecting is valid for a period of five years, with an application for extension of our lead and zinc resources in general, with the second largest reserves in the world, but a smaller number of large mines. Fire, cloud and zinc, the largest lead and zinc deposits found in China to date, is ranked sixth globally. Our lead and zinc deposits are mainly distributed in China.
In Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, etc., the overall characteristics of our zinc resources are: few rich mines, many low-grade mines, few large mines, many small and medium-sized mines, and much more difficult to exploit.
Area (Sector II) (Sector III) 3 prospecting rights covering 98.79 square kilometres, 93.06 square kilometres and tons, 280.08 tons of lead metal and 17.04 million tons of zinc + lead metal. Average grade of industrial minerals: zinc 23.37 per cent, lead 4.60 per cent and zinc + lead 27.97 per cent. Census resources for Sector II are: iii1 in the core zone.
The expanded and additional nine lead and zinc deposits together explore resources (333+334); ores 20,295.6 million tons, zinc metals 144,550 tons, lead metals 28.34 million tons and zinc and lead metals totalling 1.7689 million tons. (i) and (iii) Pre-census resources: lead and zinc metals combined amount to 396.3 million tons, all of which are oxides, mines
(a) Average grade of beds: lead 1.73 per cent, zinc 3.75 per cent, lead + zinc 5.48 per cent. Total resources within the right to prospecting in three categories: zinc ore industry, with lead zinc carbonate type, with minerals dominated by diamond zinc ore, white lead ore, followed by diamond ore ore;
3 We judge the mine with a high success rate of 3.1 competitive bidding conditions, mainly in two points: one high financial requirement; and two mining exploration and exploitation industries.
On the one hand, the bid is demanding more money for participating companies. This bid is worth 400 million yuan and the bid is worth 22.3 billion yuan (the starting price).
On the other hand, the mines are still in the exploration phase and are located in the highlands, where subsequent mining is more difficult, and where the completion of the exploration and development of the mines is challenging within the required time frame.
Progress and construction provide clear requirements for the successful bidder to be legally transferred within one year of the acquisition of the right to prospecting; to be completed within two years with a smelting size of 600,000 tonnes/year or more; to be completed within five years with downstream lead batteries, zinc alloys, lead alloys, lead materials, pvc stabilizers, zinc powder, zinc oxides, etc., in a chain of deep processing industries with no lower annual output
The company has greater financial power, and this acquisition will not put greater pressure on the company’s normal production operations. In 2022, the company acquired more than a year, but it optimized its debt structure by, for example, financing debt transfers.
The company has successful experience in the development and operation of a number of high-altitude, mega-projects. The fire-burning lead and zinc mines are, on average, about 5600 metres above sea level and in poor natural conditions. The company has successful experience in the development and operation of several high-altitude, mega-projects.
In Argentina, projects such as the Lithium Salt Lake are under way. Among them, the Tibetan dragon copper mine is located in a 5,300-metre high-cold area in the Blue Plateau, which is the country’s largest now detected rock-based copper mine. The company completed production one and a half years after taking over in 2020, producing 115,000 tons of copper in 2022.
The company has successful experience in large-scale zinc (lead) mountain development and smelting projects. The company has a leading industry in geological exploration, hard-to-smelt ore processing, and highland green mining development, large-scale zinc smelting projects.
The base, the Russian Tuwa, Eritrea, and other regions and countries outside of Inner Mongolia, has built large-scale zinc smelters and mining bases. At the same time, the company has received national and provincial awards for scientific and technological progress in zinc smelters, which also provide technical security for the development and smelting of burning cloud lead and zinc mines.
In addition, the bid is in line with the company’s development strategy, and if successful, the company’s lead and zinc resources and production will increase significantly. As the company’s size increases, small-scale mines have become unlikely to generate a significant marginal increase, and burning clouds of lead and zinc are among the world’s rare, world-class, high-grade deposits, large and open-air deposits.
The lead and zinc mines are one of the company’s main deposits, and the company now owns 10,88 million tons of zinc (the ninth largest in the world), of which 6,295,000 tons are controlled and 43.40 million tons of zinc (lead) produced in 2021 (the fourth in the world), of which 396,000 tons are produced.
Major upgrades in zinc (lead) resource reserves and production are expected to be the second largest zinc (lead) enterprise in the world, with strong companies ' position and voice in the global zinc (lead) industry.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
We expect that the company’s main product, copper and zinc, will grow in the coming years, add to the metal price hub, and we will continue to appreciate the company’s alpha logic. Given the remaining uncertainty about the bid, we maintain the company’s profit projections that the company is expected to achieve a net return of $21.2 billion in 2022-2024.
1) Risks of failure. There are other players in this competition, whether they will eventually be able to compete for fire clouds. The right to explore for lead and zinc mines is still very uncertain. 2) The mines are not built as fast as expected.
Poor facilities pose a serious challenge to the development of projects. 3) The risk of high financial pressure. Short-term investments require a certain amount of funding, while either the amount of the follow-up investment or the logic of methodology and analysis leads to the conclusion of the study, the presentation of this report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.