\triangleright achieves a net return profit of about 20 billion yuan, an increase of about 4,327 million yuan over the same period of the previous year, an increase of about 27,61 per cent over the same period of the previous year, and a deduction of non-repatriation net profit of 19.5 billion yuan, an increase of about 4,819 million yuan over the same period of the previous year.
The same year-on-year increase in volume performance. 1 dose: mineral copper and silver production are in line with production targets for the beginning of the year. Minerals \triangleright 17.79 per cent, 93 per cent of annual production plans have been completed, mainly due to the lack of return to production in the Pogra gold mine, which is large.
Production of land gold and Guyana gold fields was also slightly lower than expected; 442,000 tons of mineral zinc (lead) were higher than in the same year
s010521120001 boom; 859,000 tons of mineral copper, an increase of 47.05 per cent over the same period, and 100 per cent of the annual production plan completed; 387.5 tons of mineral silver, an increase of 25.48 per cent over the same period, and 125 per cent of the annual production plan completed, or as a result of ore selection
The silver product is higher. On a single q4, mineral gold and copper production ratio increased. Mineral gold production was 14.9 tons, or 6.9 per cent, and mineral and copper production was 227,000 tons, or 1.9 per cent.
Research assistant Zhang Qing Qing observed an increase in the average ring ratio for major metals, either because of poor product distribution, or because of actual sales prices, non-recurring gains, losses and cost increases, or a decrease in the net profit ring ratio for q4.
\triangleright Gains and losses: The post-Ulat flag purple gold was fined one-time, affecting the mother ' s net profit of $450 million. 2 Cost side: On the one hand, audit, remuneration, R & D costs will have to be raised at the end of the year, while on the other hand, the q4 RMB appreciation, trends and trends
1. Developments in the mining of purple gold (601899.sh) reported: participation in the competition in the first two quarters, on the contrary, or a certain loss of exchange resulting in an increase in the financial cost ring comparison, the largest lead and zinc mine in China, with a coded lead and zinc layout - 2023
Inner growth + extended M & As have continued. 1 copper plate: three world-class copper deposits continue to be released, natural collapse projects are progressing steadily. 2 gold plate: digging into internal mines, increasing the number of mines through technological change, performance rating: falling q3 performance pressure, growth + endogenous growth.
Production, recent surges in mergers and acquisitions, successive purchases of three major gold mines this year, laying a solid foundation for growth in forward gold production, extended M & As sustained growth by 2022/10/24.
Developments in the mining of violet (601899.sh) report: bottom-receipt resource advantage converted into yield advantage.4 Other metals: molybdenum added to the strategic mine, acquisition of the largest global reserves of rosebel gold, followed by a city of quality resources - 2022/
The monomagnetic molymine, whose resources are about to rise dramatically, is expected to become one of the largest production companies in the world. 4. The Mulcan Mining (601899.sh) semi-annual 2022 investment proposal: we expect the company’s production of its main products to continue to grow, adding up the metal price hub.
Performance rating: The performance rate has risen to a high level of innovation, and looks forward to a “two-love-one” performance forecast: built-in growth has contributed to a similar increase of $300 million, corresponding to 16 x, 13x and 12x on 20 January, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
Continued use of the copper mining cluster - 2022/07/10 \triangleright 1 incident: company announcement of performance forecast 2022
The deduction of the non-mortality net profit of $19.5 billion would represent an increase of approximately $4.819 billion over the same period in the previous year, an increase of approximately 2. Analysis: production meets expectations, non-recurring gains and losses and cost charges
Mineral copper and silver production were in line with production targets for the beginning of the year, while mineral gold and zinc (lead) production was slightly lower than production targets. 93 per cent of the annual production plan, mainly due to the lower than expected recovery of the Powgra gold mine, was also slightly lower in mainland gold and Guina gold fields; and mineral zinc (lead) was 442,000 tons, an increase of 1.75 per cent (2021).
Degrees: 434,000 tonnes, 92% completion of the annual production plan, or affected by post-Urat flag purple gold involved in litigation production; 859,000 tonnes of mineral copper (132,000 tonnes of copper interest in Kamoa), an increase of 47.05% over the same period (2021: 584,000 tonnes), 100% completion of the annual production plan; 387.5 tonnes of mineral silver, the same ratio
Mineral gold production increased by 14.9 tons, orientated by 6.9 per cent; mineral copper production by 227,000 tons, orricene by 1.9 per cent.
Tons, with a 5.3 per cent decline in ring ratio, the Kamua-Cacura copper mine, according to Eiffonha Public, disposed of approximately 7.1 million tons of ore in 2022, with an average of 5.5 per cent of the grade selected, and produced 333,000 tons of copper metal in the concentrate. In the fourth quarter, 2 million tons of ore were disposed of, with an average of 5.4 per cent of the grade selected.
At present, the Kamo Acetic industry is working with the Congolese state-owned electricity company, Snel, to minimize the impact of power cuts on operations. Overall, the ring ratio of mineral copper production has increased or is mainly due to the full production of dragon copper.
Figure 1: Distribution of Kamoa-Kacura copper minerals Prices: Mineral gold, mineral zinc sales prices increased in 2022 and mineral copper and mineral silver sales prices fell in the same year. Average sales of gold and zinc in the previous period in 2022 were 393 yuan/g and 24952 yuan/t, respectively.
Dollars/grams, 1.8 per cent and 9.7 per cent, respectively, consistent with the trend in the prices of corporate products sales. Dollars/tons and $64893/tons. It is worth noting, however, that the price of the company’s main metal copper q4 has moved up and down, owing to the weak trend of q3 that continued in the pre-q4 period, financial retrenchment and the build-up of demand expectations.
Weaknesses, domestic demand is expected to improve with the proliferation of good property policies in November and the easing of control over the epidemic, the build-up of the Federal Reserve ' s interest increase in December, the easing of financial repression, and the gradual rise in the price of copper. As part of the public sector ' s sales lags, for example, sales in Camoa have to be sold to the company by Eiffonau and then to the company.
In the case of sales, there is a time lag between production and sales, the actual product sales price or futures settlement of less than the average of q4
Between August 2013 and 2020, after having obtained a permit for prospecting in the three-principal north section of the post-Urat flag temple, and without a mining licence, the excavation and ore mining at the three-principal north part of the post-Urat flag temple were carried out by means of exploratory mining. The value of the ore involved was 460 million yuan.
The verdict in the case was, for example, that the Quantico was guilty of illegal mining, confiscated $460 million of the proceeds of the offence and fined $15 million, paid within 10 days of the date on which the sentence came into effect, and the person concerned was sentenced to a term of imprisonment and a fine.
The cost side: on the one hand, audit, remuneration, research, and development costs will have to be raised at the end of the year, while on the other, q4 RMB rises, the trend being the same as in the previous two quarters, or there is a certain loss in exchange that raises the financial cost ring.
The quarterly renminbi showed an overall downward trend, with four quarters, as the Fed ' s expected margin of interest hikes weakened, the dollar ' s index fell, the dollar weakened, the renminbi showed an appreciation trend, and exchange gains and losses shifted from the previous two quarters to losses, affecting financial costs.
We expect a sustained increase in the production of the company’s main products, an increase in the central price of the stacking of metals, an increase in the Camoa-Cacura II sequence, and an expansion of the copper mine, a change in the technology of the copper mountain.
The pace of output release will slow, as expected, and will have an impact on profitability. 2) Prices such as copper gold fall. Price fluctuations in products produced by companies are bulk commodities, price transparency, copper, gold, zinc, silver, iron ore, etc.
As a result of the fall in metal prices, the company’s profitability will be significantly affected. 3) Geopolitical risks abroad, etc. The company’s investment projects are distributed in 24 provinces of the country (Autonomous Communities) and in Ghana, Australia, Papua New Guinea, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, South Africa, Congo.
In nine countries, such as Kenya, Peru, etc., local government targeting companies, or raising taxes on mining companies, enacting laws against mining companies abroad, etc., could harm companies by drawing conclusions on the company’s profitability methodology and analytical logic, producing the present report independently and objectively, and being responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.