Heung Swe Medicine (600276), Innovative Pipelines, Long-Term Investment Ratings, Showed and Out of the Sea is the second engine of growth, 31st of 03st of 2025.
In 2024, the company ' s revenues from the sale of innovative medicines amounted to 13,892 million yuan (with taxes and no foreign consent), and the company was in China by the end of the reporting period.
The company has continued to increase its innovation efforts. The company has applied for Nmpa, 24 clinical advances to iii, 27 clinical advances to ii, and 26 innovations to the clinical stage for the first time.
A wealth of research and development pipelines, coverage of hormone inhibitors, adc, oncological immunisation, hormone receptor regulation, support for treatment, etc., while at the same time being approved for about 47 innovative products and adaptations in metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, immune and respiratory systems, and high-quality early assets of companies
In terms of internationalization, companies actively seek to interact and collaborate with a wide range of partners to maximize the value of their products through rapid coverage of overseas markets by leading international partners.
During the period, the company will remunerate its exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize glp-1-type innovations with autonomous intellectual property rights (hrs-7535, hrs 9531, hrs 4729) on a global scale, except in the Greater Central China, to kaileratherapetics in the United States and will do so on its own.
The main research and development drug dll3adc innovation shr-4849 is reported on a global scale, except in the Greater China: performance meets expectations, innovation research and development succeeds; exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize; and a fee-paying licence to the United States of America.
Biosciences. In addition, the company is steadily conducting international clinical trials on innovative medicines. Several projects have been developed to qualify for clinical trials in countries and regions such as the United States, Europe, Asia and the Pacific.
In the reporting period, three adc products were awarded fast-track eligibility (ftd) by the United States.
Since 2018, the company has carried out 13 foreign licensing transactions with global partners, involving an evaluation by the Sino-China Securities Corporation: Heng Swe Medicine 2023 2024q1 points: steady growth in performance and steady progress in research and development -
US$ 1 billion. During the reporting period, the company received Euro160 million in initial payments for external licences and a sum of US$ 100 million in initial payments for external licences, which were matched by recognition of income, and that innovative medicines had become the second engine of growth in the company ' s performance.
Medicines have become the second engine for growth in company performance. Keeping the "buy-in" evaluation.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.