Wang Wei-chul, 2024, net profit yoy + 47%, innovation drugs growing rapidly, innovation trading out of the sea increasing profits, yoy + 49.2%, company performance meeting expectations, high growth in revenue and net profit, mainly in the current fiscal year
Merck and kaileratherapetutics make the initial payment for their foreign licences. The company q4 has received $7,800 million, yoy+34.3 per cent, the mother's net profit of $1.72 billion, yoy+107.2 per cent.
Income of 13.9 billion (including taxes, excluding income from foreign licences) increased by 30.6 per cent over the same period, and during the reporting period, innovative drugs such as the rich and acidated Tygiri-grade Quantico-Fanachules were approved for sale.
Early innovations, such as Gitney, Apatoni and Rimaconon, have been growing steadily. (2) The company has actively sought opportunities to work with leading drug companies around the world on the basis of its endogenous development.
Euro160 million in external licensing down payment and co-arguments such as kaileratherapeutics $100 million in external licensing down payment, which contributed significantly to revenue and profits in the current year, increased the Māori rate for all product lines and decreased the cost for the period: the company ' s combined Māori rate in 2024
86.2%, an increase of 1.6 percentage points in the same year, largely benefiting from the higher Māori rate in the trading portion of the sea. However, in the actual pharmaceutical sector, there was an overall increase of 0.5 percentage points, with a 1.3 percentage point increase in oncological drugs, disease and respiratory drugs, and a 0.9 and a 0.9 drop in neurosciences and a shadow agent, respectively.
This is mainly due to a decline in sales and management costs. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: corporate innovation drugs are growing better, innovation pipelines are trading out of the sea, research and development capabilities are recognized, and companies are expected to have 47 innovative products and adaptives approved over the next three years.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.