Heung Swe's medicine has grown steadily, and innovation has moved forward and found $2.00 in gold dividends. The company is growing steadily, and we look forward to the company's leadership and innovation.
Overseas authorizations have led to an increase in performance, with rapid growth in four quarters. Corporate performance has grown rapidly throughout the year, mainly because of the gradual elimination of the effects of the collection on corporate generics, and the start of rapid release of corporate innovations, while corporate bd abroad is also gradually entering the harvest period, 2024, the company.
Quarter by quarter, q4 earned $7,795 million in operating income, which is an increase.
34.26% long, net profit for mothers is 1.717 billion yuan, an increase of 107.20% over the same period; the contribution of non-parental innovation drugs has gradually been highlighted, and research and development has remained at a high level of investment. The company received new medicines in 2024.
In 2024, companies invested $8,228 million in research and development, of which $6,583 million was spent on cost-effective research and development, maintaining a high level of investment. Innovative drug pipelines continued to be better configured, with the platform’s advantage evident.
The commercial layout, which has covered more than 22,000 hospitals and 20,000 offline retail outlets, has led to a step-by-step increase in market access, which gives companies the prospect of fast-tracking when their innovative drugs are on the market. Companies insist on a two-wheel drive strategy of medicine and markets, with stockpiles in the fields of tumours, metabolism, immunization, neuroscience.
With a wealth of pipelines, 47 innovative products and adaptives expected to be approved in 25-27 years, the advantages of the company’s platform have become more pronounced, and the company’s long-term development is better placed. Corporate sales have fallen short of expectations: collection policies have exceeded expectations, and corporate performance has been affected.
Heung Swe Medicine 20240822 S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Pharmaceutical biology: chemical pharmaceuticals