Heung Swe Medicines (600276.ch): 1q25 Deducted Company 1q25 earnings are roughly as expected, but netting profits is better than expected, benefiting from R & D marketing costs control. We have long seen strong and rising corporate income from innovation.
Hu Zewoo, cfa 1q25 is about as much as we expected, but net profits are better than we expected, mainly because R & D sales costs are lower than expected. 1q25 has a total revenue of $7.21 billion (+20.14%).
Yoy, -7.6 per cent qoq, roughly in line with our expectations and with the vision of va (visiblealpha), in which the authorized revenue is about $540 million (from the dideaya authorization to dll3adc to sea 25 April 2025)
With $75 million in initial payments vs. 1q24 without co-operation income, the product revenue is about $6.67 billion, depleting it by $1,863 billion (+29.4% yoy, +19.3% qoq), better than we expected and expected, mainly because the administrative costs of R & D sales are lower than we and the co-op.
High operational efficiency. If the licence income is excluded, the net profit not attributable to the mother is 1.32 billion yuan ( - 8.4% yoy, +66.7% qoq), with a significant increase in the ring ratio. In terms of profit margins, Māori, marketing of products, and a recent focus on asco Congress adc data and Dal Sili III breast cancer treatment.
Data reads. The company will welcome multiple data readings at the Asco Congress this year, including: (1) 4 adc molecular data read out: Shr-a1811 (her2adc) 2 issues of her2+gc according to pd-l1 in conjunction with Adberi (pd-l1) 1 b/2 extension queue data, saliva
Preliminary data on gland cancers; shr-a2102 (nectin-4adc) 1 issue of physical tumors, 1 issue of urinary path, upper skin cancer; shr-a1912 (cd79badc) and chemotherapy combined with 1b/2 period of dlbcl according to; shr-1826 (c-metadc) 1 issue of physical tumors, 2 issues of Dhar Sili 3
hr+/her2-paramed care data for breast cancer, read in conjunction with thorium palli with 1b/2 stage mammoma data; (3) shr-1701 (pd-l1/tgfbeta) 3 issue her2-gc, 3 issue neck cavity, 2 issue 1 lescc data read out, (4) others including shr-2017 (rankl/ngf)
Data on breast cancer bone transfer in 1b, and on shr 1501 (il-15rafc) 1/2.The combined effect of the incorporation of the licensing first payment income into the model, a slight downscaling of the Māori ratio of product sales and a slight downscaling of the sales cost projections.
The combined effect of a slight downscaling of the Māori ratio forecast is the result. We use the sotp valuation method to value the innovation drug and the counterfeiting business separately: (1) for the innovation drug business, based on the dcf valuation (wacc: 7.7%, constant growth rate: 3%), we expect the company to estimate the innovation drug business.
At a value of approximately $371.7 billion; (2) for imitation operations, we project a decline in income per year in medium and low units, based on a pe-fold valuation (using 20x2026epe), and we expect a similar investment risk: under-sales, intense competition, delay or failure in R & D, internationalization progress
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of this report have indicated and assured that they are entitled to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.