Wang Wei-chul, Innovative Trading to the Sea, 25q1 net profit yoy + 37% Corporate performance: A quarterly report issued by the company, 2501 million won, y0y+20.1% recorded as a parent
Net profits of $1.87 billion, yoy + 36.9 per cent, net net gains of $1.86 billion, yoy + 29.4 per cent, company \triangleright trades bd with higher profits and two more in the near future: company 01 net gains are mainly received
The external down payment of $75 million to dll3 adc (shr-4849) for the target is eliminated, and we estimate that the main business will grow by about 11 per cent and the net profit will fall slightly by the same year.
The oral small molecule project (hrs-5346, currently in the clinical stage of the country) grants overseas entitlements to Moshalton, which will receive an initial payment of $200 million. In addition, a new oral sub-centre (shr-7280) will be granted to Merk, Germany, in April.
First payment of 15 million Euros. The company’s innovation medicine has been very effective and will increase corporate performance. The Māori rate has risen and the cost rate has fallen: the company’s 25q1 Māori rate, which benefits from the bd first payment, has been recorded in revenue, increased by 0.9 percentage points to 85.2% over the same period, and the cost rate has fallen by 1.3 percentage points to 85.2% over the same period.
Innovative product tubes are rich and the results of the Asco conference show that 26 \triangleright-owned innovators, including small molecularized drugs, antibodies, adc, entered the clinical stage in 2024.
In the field of treatment of many diseases, such as tumours, self-absorption, breathing, metabolism, cardiovasculars and images, the research and development system is expanding the diversification of the coverage of slow-disease products and the product pipelines. The annual meeting of the American Clinical Oncology Society (Asco) will be held shortly in 2025, with 15 sums.
The results of a total of 67 oncology studies on innovative medicines were successfully selected, nine of which were selected for oral and rapid oral reports, and the international impact will continue to increase. Profit predictions and investment proposals: corporate innovation drugs are growing better, innovation pipelines are trading at sea.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.