High income profit innovation, strong innovation & authorized income growth — 2024 Annual Report Performance Review: 30 March 2025, Hen Swe Medicine released its annual report for 2024 and Camp 2024
Heung Swe Medicines (stock code: 600276) Growth of income from innovative products has been strong, driving overall growth in performance. In 2024, corporate income from the sale of innovative medicines cost $6,583 million.
In late 2024, the company had been awarded 17 new molecular entity drugs (1 type of innovative medicine) and 4 other innovative drugs (2 types of new drugs). Among these, the products Riviro amamine, Dar Silly, Hengles net have increased their accessibility to health care and their incomes have increased rapidly;
: sunyi_yj@chinastock.com.cn Adberli singles, although not yet included in the national health-care catalogue, have significantly increased the patient's total life span, and PHP has included them in the special medicine reimbursement catalogue, with further expansion of income contributions; Kareli Pearl,
The early-listed innovations, such as Gillani, Apadaloni, and Rumacon, have grown steadily with the continued approval of new adaptive conditions and the accumulation of evidence-based medical evidence from post-market research. Simultaneous pharmaceutical plates, influenced by clustering, continued to show a slight decline in corporate generic revenues in 2024, which was incorporated into the ninth national set.
The total sales of heptafluoroalkyl and pyrotechnic injection fluids collected with acetic acetic acid net and incorporated into local collections are 844 million yuan less than the same amount. The internationalization process is moving steadily, with innovation to sea becoming the second engine of performance growth.
Glp-1 Innovative Medicines hs-7535, hrs 9531, hs-4729 with autonomous intellectual property rights granted on a reimbursable basis to the United States company kailera with exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize globally, except in the Greater Central China Region, with a total of $110 million in initial payments and recent milestones to be paid by kailera, clinically
The development and regulatory milestones have accumulated up to $200 million, the sales milestones have accumulated up to $5,725 million, and sales have reached the actual annual net sales ratio of low to low two-digit net sales.
The Division will also have exclusive rights to develop, produce and commercialize the dell3dc innovation drug, developed autonomously and developed in a global context other than the Greater Central China, and will have to pay the United States company ideaya for a first payment of $75 million, a cumulative R & D milestone of $200 million, and a marketing milestone.
The cumulative amount does not exceed $770 million, and the sum of sales at a one-to-two-digit ratio of real annual net sales. In 2024, companies received first payments of Euro160 million from Merck and the first payments of $100 million from kailera, among other licensed partnerships, which were recognized as revenue and contributed to the growth of business performance indicators.
In 2024, the company ' s profit rate increased and the sales cost continued to decline. In terms of sales costs, the sales cost rate continued to decline to 29.79%, with a decrease of 3.41pc, management fee 1. [Galactic Medicines] Company commented on Heung Swe Medicine (600276.sh).
Mid-2024: q2 performance bright, innovation & investment recommendation: Consider the company's rich R & D pipeline and its large-scale authorized revenue to recognize increased contribution performance. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Qian Pai, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical examination and research experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.