Heung Swe Medicine (600276.ch): The income from innovation continues to grow strongly, internationalization accelerates ahead of us in 2024 with slightly better performance than we expected and market expectations. We look forward to corporate innovation in the long run.
The strong growth in entry and the prospect of increasing internationalization. Restatement of the “buy-in” rating, upgraded to the income of Hu Zewoo and cfa products, mainly as a result of increased R & D inputs. Cost of sales is 33%.
The sustained growth in the income from innovation has accelerated the pace of the company's transformation, and the company's progress towards coverage reports. According to our estimates, the company's tax-free revenues from innovation are expected to be $13.1 billion in Raviramine, Dar Silly, and Chungley, after net access to health care.
So far, the company has approved 17 1 innovative drugs and 4 2 new drugs. Looking ahead, under the company's previously announced employee incentive scheme.
With the approval of 11/13/23 innovative medicines/new adaptives (including multiple disease areas such as tumours, self-protection, metabolism, cardiovasculars) and the continued strong growth of innovative medicines, it is expected that the pace of the transformation and upgrading of the company will increase significantly and that the company will gradually move into an innovative drug harvest.
In 2024, companies achieved bd income (or licensed income) of $2.7 billion yuan (vs.2023: <100 million yuan), with initial payments of $2 billion. Only three months after the beginning of 2025, the company has completed two seas.
Bd trades authorized outside the msci China Medical Health Index (right axis) for a total of $3 billion, including dll3adc (China)
In comparison, in 2024, the company completed one authorization (the total amount of the transaction was) to go out to sea.
We are pleased to see that the pace of corporate innovation is accelerating. The management table shows that revenue from bd is one of the major drivers of corporate income, that bd income is expected to be sustainable in the long term, and that the company's rich early research and development pipelines are expected to continue to flow.
Moleculars with potential for internationalization. With regard to the form of sea trip, management indicated that it would be achieved through newco, based on the risks and clinical values developed by different molecules, to select the most suitable form of sea trip, including authorization to offshore companies (for innovative high-risk projects).
Sea (a project that suits the mature target but has high clinical value) and its own small-scale overseas clinical development (e.g., a clinical three-stage trial of hundreds of people).
Upon receipt of detailed feedback from fda, requests for listing will be resubmitted as required....Recently, attention is being given to aacr and asco congresses' data on adc clinical periods 1-2, and Dar Silihr+/her2-cancer assisted treatment three.
2025acr is expected to publish data on the multi-physical tumours (oral presentation) of the 2 Her2+nsclc (nectin-4adc) Clinic No. 2 Shr-a1811 (her2adc) and the 3 hr+/her2-and breast cancer assisted treatment (shr-(cdk4/6, Dalsili) Clinic No.
Cost projections, while we introduce 2027e projections. We use the sotp valuation method to value the new drug and counterfeiting business separately: (1) for the innovative drug business, we benefit from strong corporate commercialization and increased internationalization prospects, and we slightly raise the long-term income of the innovation drug.
The company’s innovative pharmaceutical business is valued at approximately $371.7 billion; (2) for imitation, we maintain previous income projections (declining medium- and low-units per year), i.e., the i.e., investment risk: under-sales, competition, R & D delays or failures, internationalization progress
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - Heung Swe Medicine Xing Pil Jin International Spdbi optimistic and pessimistic scenario assumptions
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected.
Innovative drug revenues are growing at a lower rate than expected in the market, the adverse effects of harvesting are more moderate than expected, and the negative effects of harvesting are greater than expected.
Net profits are growing faster than expected. Innovative drug research and development is not proceeding as well as expected. Internationalization/bd is progressing well.
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their entitlement to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to accept it.
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely invest in, withdraw or otherwise rely on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell; and Pilgrim International or any of its directors and/or employees shall not bear any law in respect of any possible loss to investors arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it.