The company’s strong performance grew in 2024, largely as a result of the continued spread of innovative drug sales and the licensed revenue contribution of several bd tradings. Early tubes are moving ahead in an orderly fashion, clinical data are about to be published in a number of major academic conferences, and more traditional/newco-style bd trading opportunities are expected to emerge in the future.
Product sales continued to grow at a high rate, with innovative medicines showing impressive performance: 34 per cent and 107 per cent of the year-on-year growth recorded in 2024, respectively, benefited from the benefit of $2.7 billion (RMB, bottom-up) in licensed income (mainly from cooperation with Merk and kailera). The first payment of $75 million from the Ideaya has not yet been confirmed.
With $200 million in initial payments for the latest cooperation, the future co-operation is expected to increase further. Revenue from sales of products increased by 14% after deduction of co-operation income, with a strong 31 to 13.9 billion yuan increase in sales of innovative medicines (including taxes), in line with our expectations, from sales of corporate products.
More than 26% of cagr sold; 19 1 new drugs and 4 2 new drugs are currently commercialized, 47 new products/adaptations are expected to be approved between 2025 and 27 years, with a clear increase in the visibility of the innovation to maintain high growth. The Māori ratio/sale cost as a percentage of product sales has increased by 1.5 per cent.
1.5 percentage points; 33% increase in R & D costs, mainly due to the continued expansion of the company’s R & D project.
At the month’s aacr and asco congresses, companies will be reading data on adc candidate drugs covering potential targets such as her2, nectin-4, c-met, liv-1, cd79b. Looking ahead, as these early and mid-term tube varieties generate new bd transactions through the authorization of overseas pharmaceutical companies or newco forms,
The licence income is expected to be recurrent, and the current valuation is reasonable and maintains a neutral rating: we have revised the company ' s net profit forecast for 2025-26 by 8-Jingning.
Year Peg, we believe that it is relatively reasonable for an innovative, dominant prescription drug firm to follow with limited space and, in the long run, to maintain a neutral rating of generic generics.
Heung Swe medicine (600276ch) Heung Swe medicine (600276ch) Heung Swe medicine (600276ch)
Heung-seo Medicine (600276ch)