Transport by circular courier (600233) Valuable trade point, profit repair period, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Performance: Circular Express published the third quarter report for 2021, with $2021q1-q3 achieving operating income of $30.540 billion (+30.4 per cent), net profit for mothers of $950 million (-31.2 per cent), net profit for non-retroactive mothers of the Express sector has arrived and the ring is remediable from the single quarter.
A total of 11,644 million pieces, a daily average of 42.48 million items, an increase of 40.2 per cent over the same period, higher industry rates 6.6 pp, and a single-quarter delivery of 4.23 billion pieces, +25.7 per cent over the same period, as of 21q3, the market share of the company increased by 0.7 to 15.2 per cent over the same period. During the period of industry price war, the round opted for radical volume prices.
Strategy, during price war-mitigation period, there was a steady upturn in round traffic. Prices: $2.19 for courier operations in the first three quarters of 2021, a 4.2 per cent decline in the same period, faster for company 2021q3, a + 4.7 per cent increase in the corresponding ratio, ring + 7 per cent, and a significant overlap in the impact of terminal fee increases transmitted to the head office revenue end
Looking at corporate cost control as a whole in the first three quarters, the decline in single-quarter single-voton Māori on a year-to-year basis was strongly influenced by the rise in the Māori rate, the improvement in ring performance was significant, and the end-of-end increases in fees were passed to the end-of-the-season end-of-the-season and boom strategies were determined that the industry had come to a point where future rings were expected to be more visible than profit recovery.
In September, industry data and company data proved that prices had eased, that profits from the chain had been raised, that the cost of adding up to the industry’s own economies of scale had been continuously reduced, and that future courier headquarters profit repairs would result in a round-trip (600233): the amount would be prioritized for profit.
The chain of industrial development is more evident: the bottom of the policy, the bottom of the unit price, the government’s anti-platform economy, which is expected to improve (2021-08-27) Monopoly plus and tighter regulation will constrain the willingness of power suppliers to expand capital, and will change delivery over the long term.
2. Circular Express (600233): Capacity enhancement, profit repair, growth expectations, improvement of stock couriers’ valuations. We expect the corporate profit ring to pick up in the second half of the year, recovery (2021-04-28)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.