The business is growing steadily: according to the October operational data published by the circular, the number of business completions by companies was 1,574 million, an increase of 19.47 per cent over the same period, and the value of the delivery was $3.604 billion, an increase over the same period.
The company ' s market share did not decline significantly with the same single-ticket price increase, indicating that after two years of internal reform, the company significantly improved the timeliness and quality of its services by expanding and upgrading its network capacity (owned transit centres, machinery and equipment, trunk transport vehicles, the int system) and air transport capacity.
Improved business volume and efficiency. Single-ticket prices continued to pick up: once the public delivery industry announced an upward transfer of fees, single-ticket prices and increases were kept ahead and prices were stable, as a result of rising company business capacity and industry policy guidelines.
The upturn is clear. With the traditional q4 industry booming, single-ticket prices will probably pick up further, and it is expected that the premium range and price increase cycles will be better than in previous years and are expected to continue until the end of this year, leading to a focus on service quality and increasing overall competitiveness: companies are early in the conglomerates.
With the introduction of a career manager, Mr. Pan Hye Hsiao, Director and Managing Director, who joined the Department in April 2019, has overall responsibility for managing the company ' s operations, promoting the upgrading of digital transformational enabling products, constantly raising the costs and efficiency of the operation, and promoting the improvement of the quality of services and improved pricing capacity.
As can be seen, the average single-car load was raised from 7922 votes in 2019 to 12,000 votes in 2021h1, with a single-ticket transport cost of 0.51 dollars, which is 26% lower than last year, compared to 2019. The operating costs of single-ticket centres decreased by 5.52% to 0.31 dollars in the same year;
After the digitization of efficiency, the unloading efficiency rose from an average of 900 per hour in September 2020 to the bird index of 2021. The company was ranked first in terms of timescales in July, September, and October. The CDF disclosed a 15% decline in the average rate of loss of fast pieces in January, and the client complaints rate fell more than in the same year.
38%. Companies actively improve the quality of services, focus on cost control, and improve product structure to achieve differentiation and improve industry competitiveness.
And voluntarily committed to maintaining it within two years from the date of completion of this increase, which highlights the confidence of the managerial hierarchy in the company’s performance and long-term development. Profit forecasts: the industry as a whole maintains a high rate of growth, with prices competing as policy regulations are implemented.
The report is expected to achieve net gains in 21 and 22 years, respectively. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but this information has not been independently verified.