Medical chromosome iii : On 26 February, Hinwe was listed for approval by the U.S. fda (anda anaesthetic market matures and North American market space is significant: inhalation of ground fluorones is mainly used in patient surgery)
Maintaining anaesthesia. The current global market for narcotic drugs is relatively mature. In 2017, the global market was predominantly divided into injecting and inhaling groups, and the share of both types of drugs in the domestic and foreign markets was close to 2:1. Inhaled narcotic drugs used in the market were mainly heptafluoroalkanes, hydrofluoroalkanes, hexafluoroalkanes and fluorofluoride.
Henry medicine - chemical formulations AC. Heptafluoroalkanes and geofluoroalkanes belong to the 3rd generation of halogen inhaled anaesthesia, which is better in terms of their physicochemical properties and pharmacological effects than traditional hyphenanes, hexafluoroalkanes, etc. Global inhaled anaesthesia market
The sales rate of hexafluoroalkanes is 7:2:1, but heptafluoroalkanes have an absolute advantage in the country, accounting for up to 95.78% of the city, and we believe that Heung Sil is the main reason for the differences in domestic and foreign market patterns. The city of Heung Sil has a 60% share of hexafluoroalkanes in the country, a leading dragon enterprise in the field of narcotic drugs in the country.
Its powerful branding effects and marketing channels have had an extremely low market share. At present, only 100 tons of ground-based HFCs in both the United States and China have been marketed. Henry is now listed as the first company in the United States to be listed as a ground-based HFC. The market is competitive.
The market is well organized, short-term contribution performance, long-term strategic development: the United States is currently the world’s leading market for anaesthetics, and the market is not low, and the market is far more open in the short term than in the domestic market.
Henry's hydrofluorocarbons are the first to be marketed in the United States, with a good competitive pattern, and are expected to have synergies with the previously marketed heptafluoroalkanes, which will further boost the company's overseas earnings and strengthen its position in the field of anaesthetics. While the company is now a leading domestic pharmaceutical firm, there are still significant differences with the international pharmaceutical giants in various respects.
In terms of overseas authorization, companies have taken a number of measures in recent years, including pd1 counter-authorization to Inc.
Then another pd1 counter-product was acquired, and the project has now been terminated, and the Jak1 inhibitor drug has been authorized to the US-HUN: btk inhibitor has been authorized to tg state-arcutis, btk inhibitor drug has been authorized to tg, etc., and this site has been further approved.
The "Go Out" strategy has accelerated, improved the distribution of corporate products overseas, and in combination with previously approved varieties, a total of 10 varieties have now been approved by the fda, and future varieties such as Capofin, Kapayatian and Sodium sulfa are expected to continue to receive the fda.
The company’s level of profitability is expected to go one step further, based on (i) the fact that the current listing of HFCs in the United States brings corporate income from overseas operations (2) and (ii) the prospect of more than one product being marketed overseas over the next few years, with a growing degree of overseas authorization of products and a steady increase in the company’s long-term internationalization strategy.
Value premium on company-rich product pipelines and domestic innovation drug taps. We maintain company buy-a. On 26 February, HUNS applied for U.S. Fda approval (anda208234).
Inhalation of ground-based HFCs is mainly used to maintain anesthesia during inpatient or outpatient surgery.
II. The market for anaesthetics is mature, North America is the main market and, after decades of development, the global market for narcotic drugs is now relatively mature. According to Technavio, the global market reached $5.699 billion in 2017, with a compound annual growth rate of 3.43% between 2017 and 2021.
North America is currently the main market, accounting for 54.21 per cent; Europe followed by a market share of 30.26 per cent; Asia and the Pacific has been relatively underdeveloped, with its current market share being only 15.53 per cent; it has been affected by factors such as the low market size base and the rapid rise of domestic biomedical technology in recent years.
Market size has continued to grow steadily, reaching a compound annual growth rate of 10.05% in 2012-2016, well above the global average. As the market base has grown, we believe that our future growth in the market for narcotic drugs will slow, but in the short and medium term it will remain higher than the three, the inhaled anaesthesia patterns within and outside the country, and Hen Swe or key factors.
Anaesthetic is divided into two main categories: injection and inhalation, where inhaled anaesthesia is used in the human body through the respiratory tract, where the depth of the anaesthesia is easy to control, and where the drug can be removed directly without the need for human metabolism, with some advantages. But in the practical application of the paraplegic surgery, doctors usually use injected anaesthesia in combination with inhaled anaesthesia, so the advantages are complementary.
There is no possibility of full substitution for large groups of narcotic drugs. In 2016, 61.25% of the global drug market was for out-of-week injections and 28.21% for inhaled drugs; Similarly, the market share for both types of drugs in the domestic market was close to 2:1.
Inhaled anaesthetic drugs currently commonly used in the market are mainly heptafluoro, ground-based, isofluoroalkyl and fenfane. Ideally, the anaesthetic drugs should have the characteristics of volatile, non-irritable to respiratory tracts, high anaesthesia intensity, good control, low internal metabolics, low respiratory and cycling effects, and no liver, kidney toxicity.
The physico-chemical properties and pharmacological effects of traditional ephedra, among others, are much closer to ideal, bringing the clinical application of inhalation anaesthesia to a much broader concern. In the case of heptafluoroalkanes and hydrofluorones, both have advantages and disadvantages, but the overall combination of drugs is poor, although the market patterns are very similar from the point of view of drug use, both domestically and internationally, but focus on inhaled anaesthesia.
There are significant differences in domestic and foreign market patterns. The current global market for inhaled narcotic drugs sells heptafluoroalkanes, hydrofluoroalkanes, and isofluoroalkanes at 7:2, but it has an absolute advantage in the country, accounting for 95.78% of the city. We believe that Heung Swe is the main reason for the differences in domestic and foreign market patterns.
The largest producers of heptafluoroalkanes, and the market share has increased steadily in recent years, reaching 61.38% at 2017q3.
The market is competitive. There is currently only one company in the U.S., and only one company in the U.S. that has been approved for clinical trials, and Hinwe’s HFC ratio is likely to be higher.
The market is well organized, short-term contribution performance and long-term strategic development. Taken together, the United States is currently the leading global market for anaesthetics, and the market share for HFCs is not low, and there is no short-term market space.
At the same time, Hing Swe’s ground-based HFCs were listed in the United States as first marketed, with a good competitive pattern, and were expected to create synergies with the previously marketed H-7, which would further boost the company’s overseas earnings and enhance its position in the field of anaesthetics. In addition, the company’s ground-based HFCs were notified of their approval in July 2017 by the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands Drug Enforcement Authority.
The US has once again been approved to prove that the product is too rigid in quality, and has increased the confidence of the country that the product will be approved. Although the company is now a well-deserved pharmaceutical leader in the country, the international pharmaceutical giant still has a lot to do with all aspects of the development of the company that has successfully passed through the two phases of anti-cancer drug and narcotic drug counterfeiting.
In the context of the history of the global pharmaceutical giants, innovation and internationalization are the inevitable options for further development and long-term strategic objectives of the company. Corporate owners are now seeking internationalization through both overseas authorizations and overseas listing of autonomous products. In terms of overseas authorizations, companies have taken steps in recent years.
Several measures have been taken, including a pd1 counterauthorization to Inc. (the project has now been terminated as a result of the purchase of another pd1 counter-product by Inc.), a jak1 inhibitor drug authorization to Arcutis USA, a btk suppressant authorization to tg etc. The approval of this landline has further refined the overseas distribution of the company’s products, combined with previously approved varieties, and is currently in total.
Ten varieties have been approved by fda, and future varieties such as Capofin, Capitabin, and Sodium sulfada are expected to be marketed on a continuous basis, thereby gradually bringing the company into line with the international community, and the level of profitability is expected to rise to one more step. Fluorine is listed in the United States as a source of overseas business income for companies (2) more than a few products are expected to be marketed overseas over the next few years, and products are awarded overseas.
Power is growing, companies’ long-term internationalization strategies are steadily advancing (3) the value premium on company-rich product pipelines and domestic innovation drug taps, and we maintain the company’s buy-a rating. Market penetration is not as good as expected, research and development risks, and policy risks
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data