There's a lot of innovating medicine, and it's a lot more international.
Heung Ri is the country’s well-deserved innovation drug + the internationalization tap. Innovative drugs are the most important support for the growth of corporate performance. Three anti-cancer innovation drugs, Apadalini, Caldone, Shr-1210, and three anti-gravity-like beads, protein-violet supremol, non-Gexting are expected to add a total to the company’s growth.
Twenty-five billion dollars in sales peaks. Internationalization can also add value to the company, and now there are nine generic pharmaceutical products approved in the United States, and innovative drugs will start to be sold overseas. And Licenseout can also sell overseas.
In the short term, the potential of corporate innovation in overseas markets will be realized in time. Hen-Swe’s growth in pharmaceutical performance is largely based on innovation + internationalization.
Innovative drugs are a guarantee of performance growth, and heavy-pound products are about to be released, and with the huge change in drug policy in 2017, encouraging drug innovation has been elevated to an unprecedented level. From the market for medicines to the health insurance payments, they have opened a green light for innovation.
Weak, though Hing Swe’s current business income is still dominated by generic drugs, its research and development pipeline is rich, and it is our country’s well-deserved leader in innovation.
Similar things, including beverage monodrome, protein violet, non-gestationary stimulant, will also help companies to deepen their cultivation in the field of tumours. Internationalization will add to their performance, their own product sales, and the license-out flowering of two.
The internationalization of companies has been taking place for a long time, with product sales dominated by a small number of generics from competing firms in the United States, and nine products have now been approved by the United States fda. Innovative pharmaceutical products have also been widely reported in China and the United States, and in the future, innovative pharmaceutical products will be exported to overseas markets.
At the same time, at a time when the overseas distribution network is not yet fully operational, part of the company’s product, License-out, will be delivered in a timely manner on the overseas market, while at the same time it can be beneficial to domestic R & D. Drug innovation is what the people want, what the government wants to do.
On 8 October 2017, the Central Office of the Communist Party of China and the Office of the State Council issued an Opinion on Deepening the Review and Approval System Reform to Encourage Innovation in Pharmaceutical Medicines and Medical Devices (hereinafter referred to as the " Innovative Opinions " ), which set the stage for innovation in the pharmaceutical industry in the country.
The territory of the Xinjiang has identified various measures to encourage innovation in pharmaceutical medical devices, which have not only accelerated the development and marketing of our innovative medicines, but also reduced the length of time that high-quality innovations abroad have been marketed in the country. By the end of the last three months, cfda has been fine-tuning its opinions.
Health insurance payments also provide strong support for innovative medicines. On the one hand, tight funding for health care places enormous pressure on the prices of medicines everywhere, and on the other hand, the Ministry of Human and Social Welfare has been very generous in incorporating 39 innovations into health care payments through two national drug price negotiations.
Still included in the health insurance coverage, which provides considerable benefits to a wide range of patients by further promoting the clinical application of innovative drugs at the end of payment. From the point of view of drug sales, negotiated reduced prices may be affected by falling prices in the short term, but as provincial prices fall and health care is symmetrical and short-term price reductions are eliminated, there will be a much higher level of exposure in the long run.
Innovation is the driving force behind the future development of Heung Swe medicine is a well-deserved leader in innovation. Since the launch of the "Innovation Opinions" on October 8, 2017, Heung Swe medicine's research and development has grown in importance.
Only two of the medicines available are 1.1 innovative, with sales amounting to only about 10% of the company’s operating income, but Heung Swe’s medicine is still an indispensable innovation business in the country. First, for historical reasons, there is a general lack of innovation in the pharmaceutical industry.
Since the Act and the publication of the Chemical Medicines Register, although more than 3,000 document symbols have been approved, only 11 generic generic products have been approved for new molecular innovations of the 1.1 category in the country, for a total of 39. The Heung Swe Medicines have been approved for two new 1.1 types of medicines, the only company that has been approved for two generic innovations. At the same time, the sales value of these new drugs is nine oxfold compared to the overall pharmaceutical market in the country.
In addition, Hen Swe’s medicine is well-developed, with 32 new drugs currently in use, and more than 100 other generics in the process. The most advanced in the development of innovation, with the largest market, is likely to result in a significant increase in corporate incomes in the near future.
Heavy-pound products, pd-1 units of resistance. These two products, together with the Apateni, which was approved for listing in December 2014, are unresearched neoplasms -- small molecular target drugs, targeted on neocells for ni-type drugs.
Dharma-type drugs can be directed against tumor cells. The Dharma-based drugs are tyrosinekinase inhibitor, tki. They can acidise proteins and then act as a “opener” to the responding proteins. The phosphoric acid acidification of these proteins is associated with a variety of cell functions, such as cell growth and growth.
The tki drug can be uniquely associated with acetic sulphate or its protein receptor, disrupting the function of a sulphatic sulphatic enzyme, reducing the proteins that it guides, phosphorus acidification, and thus inhibits cell growth and growth. At the same time, the tki drug, depending on the molecular structure, can be uniquely blocked from the phosphate process of the type of protein, and can even distinguish between proteins that are very similar to the structure, such as the egfr protein.
Growthfactorreceptor and her2 proteins (humanipedermalgrovethfactorreceptor2.) The formation of tumours is inextricably linked to the expression of these proteins (overexpress), so the tki circuits that block the acidification of these proteins can often be a good inhibitor to neoplasm cells and oncological tissues.
The first drug in the world to be marketed is Imatinib.
At present, the US fda has approved 27 drug substitution drugs, 13 of which are already on the market in China. At the same time, there are two alternative drug products developed by domestic firms, namely, the Arpateni and the Ektoni of the Beida pharmaceutical industry, respectively.
In 2016, our total sales of drug substitution amounted to $5.200 billion, an increase of 5.7% over the same period, with the largest amount sold being Imadeini. Compared to traditional chemotherapy, the cost of drug substitution is more expensive, so the application has not yet been fully rolled out.
The sharp reduction in the price of these five drugs is also a major factor in the slowdown in the volume of drug sales in 2016. It is expected that, with the continued growth in drug use in the future, more targets will be placed on the market, and more supplies are expected to be released rapidly.
Figure 8: The price reduction for the drug in the national drug price negotiations Apadaleni Apateni is the target for the vegfr (vascularandothelialgrovethfactorreceptor) target.
Apateni is a new type of 1.1 drug approved by cfde for listing in December 2014 for stomach or stomach-combined prostate cancers. Although China has already marketed a variety of proxies, only Apateni is adaptive to stomach cancer, which is one of the many cancers in the country, and therefore has greater market potential and more liberal competition patterns.
Apadeni has been on the market rapidly since it was released, with sales amounting to $230 million in the first year of the market, and is expected to contribute more than $1.2 billion to the company in 2017. As a result of the health-care negotiations, Apadeni’s successive drops in 2017 in the country’s provinces will be eliminated from the impact of falling prices, resulting in a significant increase.
The heavy-pound oncological innovator-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo.
And, at the same time, there is an excellent clinical effect in the treatment of breast cancer, and in the course of the ii clinical trial, there is no progress in the survival of the dichotomy group (progression-free-survival, pfs) for 18.1 months, which is an increase of 11.1 months compared to the control group Rapatoni.
Tumours are being developed - Big Molecular Anti-Drugs - Single Anti-Drugs Modified Immuno-Orientated Attacks on Tumonic Cells.
The cancer cell surfaces usually express a variety of proteins that are different from normal cells, which can be seen by the immune tcells. The t-cells attack and deactivate the identified cells. There are a number of cells that can regulate their cells.
Activated proteins, which tend to express proteins that can be shut off by turning them off, thus inhibiting immune t-cell activity so that they do not release the ability to attack tumor cells. pd-1/pd-l1 is the fastest single-resistant drug developed.
pd-1/pd-l1 is one of the “opens” that can regulate t-cell activity. pd-1 (programmeddeath-1) is expressed on the t-cell surface, and its formulation pd-l1 (programmeddeath-ligand1) is expressed on the other cell surface. When pd-1 is associated with pd-l1 speciality, it inhibits t-cell activity, while the tumor cell surface usually expresses pd-l1l1 at a high level and then inhibitt
Cells die from the cells to which they guide, causing t-cells to “kill” tumor cells. pd-1/pd-l1 single resistance is a protein-molecular drug that can be uniquely combined pd-1 or pd-l1, which can be competitively combined at pd-1 or pd-l1, resulting in pd-1 and pd-l1, which cannot be combined, thus preventing t-cell activity from being contained and allowing extenuating.
The ability to “attack” tumor cells, and eventually “kill” them. 5 pd-1/pd-l1 anti-drugs have been approved in the United States, including pd-1 anti-opdivo, Keytruda in 2014, pd-l1 antitecentriq in 2016, pd-l1 anti-baencio in 2017,
Imfinzi. The market space is very wide because the treatment mechanism for drugs leads to a wide range of adaptive conditions, including melanoma, lung cancer, kidney cancer, etc.
The heavy-pound oncological innovator - shr-1210 shr-1210 is a pd-1 drug developed in Heung Swe, similar to other pd-1/pd-l1 drugs, and shr-1210 has a wide range of developmental adaptive disorders that can treat multiple types of tumours, including liver, nose, and so on.
Pd-1/pd-l1, the most developed anti-cancer drug target, is being developed by a number of companies in the country, of which Sindha organisms have declared production. The three-stage clinical phase of Hin Swe is now over and is expected to be the first anti-cancer anti-cancer drug to be marketed.
As a result of the accelerated review of new medicines in our country, it is expected that in 2018, opdivo will be able to obtain cfda approval to import and market in China. The shr-1210 market space is vast, and the cost of the same drugs is very high.
It's expected to be the most profitable product to be sold since the company's inception.
Endophelialgrovethfactor, vegf) Mono-resistant drug, adapted to a variety of physical tumours, including rectum cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. Ambedin was developed by Roche and approved for listing by the United States fda on February 26, 2004.
The city, which currently sells the third-largest drug in the country’s oncological anti-drugs, sold in 2016 in public hospitals at a cost of $1.09 billion. In July 2017, the national drug price negotiations led to a low price of 60% to 1998 for the Bervadchil bill, which is expected to expand the market space for generic names through price reductions and health insurance.
At present, in the Chinese market, large pharmaceutical companies such as Heung Swe Medicine, Chiru Pharmacy, and Jung Dae-hsun are engaged in biological research and development of the Beacon resistance species, but no company has yet completed clinical trials to enter the production application. The Beacon resistance is widespread, and the product is priced so that the market has great potential.
As a result, the market share of Heung Swe medicine is likely to be lower, and therefore it is assumed that the peak market space for sales is about $500-1 billion.
Oncological treatments often cause osteoporosis among patients, including anaemia, haemolysis, neutron cell reduction, and white cell reduction. The particle-cell concentration incentive factor (g-csf) can stimulate the production of cellular cells and release into blood, thereby increasing the number of cellular increases and reducing the heat from bone marrow suppression events.
In the US market, g-csf and pegification g-csf were the original drugs developed by the American company Amgen in February 1991, respectively.
The patent period for the neupogen product has now passed, and Sandoz, a Novartis-based counterfeiting company, was approved in March 2015.
In China, g-csf has been marketed since around 2000, with a larger number of production firms and a generic sales value of $2.13 billion in 2016. Pegized g-csf has been marketed for Chiru pharmaceuticals (commodity name: new product) approved by cfda in August 2015.
The market for g-csf is still dominated by ordinary g-csf products, due to the short period of time and the high price of the pegized g-csf product, which was declared production in March 2017 and is currently under review.
Since the g-csf market has not yet matured and there is much room for development, Chiru pharmaceuticals and quartz 100 grams are powerful competitors. Especially in the field of tumors, Chiru pharmaceuticals have been working for many years, with their generic market share of the ordinary g-csf product “Ribe” reaching 43.8% in 2016.
It's the most clinically used chemotherapy drug that needs to be used because it's so insoluble in water.
Soluted ricin oil is dissolved, but ricin is prone to allergies, with an allergy rate of up to 1-2%. The violet resins and protein violet sapols were developed to solve the problem of solubility.
In 2005, the protein violet ol (commodity name: abraxane) developed by Fasenius subsidiary abraxisbioscience was approved for listing in the United States by fda, which completely solved the problem of pre-treatment of violet ol resulting in allergies. Protein violet ol was approved for listing in China by cfda in 2008 and sold in 2016 for approximately $420 million.
Figure 27: Distribution patterns in China for violet-based drugs. The sales of platinum-based violets in recent years have remained at 10 per cent below the level of violet-based drugs, and there is no significant upward trend, mainly because of the high cost of violet-based vinyl, which is not covered by health insurance.
A number of companies in our country are developing platinum violet ol, of which Heung Swe, Chiru Pharmacy, Stone Pharmacology, etc., declared production in 2017, and Hin Swe, Stone Pharmacology Physics, was included in the priority review on the same day. When the product is marketed, Hin Swe can have a market share of 50% based on its market advantage in the field of oncology, with a peak of about $5 billion to $1 billion.
The market potential for heavy-pound oncology products in 2018 is short in its current value of $56 billion, and the market potential has not yet been fully released. The market space for Gitney and Shr-1210 is vast, and the non-Geshire, protein violet supremol, and belugas are important additions to the company’s tumor field.
The year’s growth in operating income is strongly supported, and the proportion of innovations in the company’s product structure will rise rapidly. From 2018 to 2020, the company’s operating earnings and net profits are expected to accelerate.
Since 2007, the company has begun to build an internationalization system and has gradually tried to make a declaration to the U.S. fda. In 2011, the company ' s Ilyacom injection was awarded a danda by the U.S. fda.
The company has successfully set up a drug internationalization platform and has opened an initial channel through which the drug will be placed in the United States. In October 2014, the price of cyclophosphate was obtained and marketed in the United States the following month, far above the domestic level.
A strong profit return, a successful pharmaceutical for corporate first internationalization, sets an example for future internationalization. The company’s internationalization path is clear, focusing on both market choices and drug choices at the heart of profit making.
In terms of market choices, companies are dominated by the United States market, taking into account the rest of the world. The American market for generic medicines is large, accounting for about 70% of its total drug market.
Moreover, drug prices in the United States are based on market competition, so that generics tend to maintain relatively high pricing and profit margins in fewer suppliers, and usually take one to two years to achieve full release. By contrast, there is a system of tendering for medicines in Europe.
Countries like the United Kingdom, France, etc., usually price their medicines well below the US market pattern. So the US is the most spatial and profitable market, and the company’s most valued market.
The Japanese market has been chosen because the Japanese sales of the obituaries are much higher than in the US, and it is clear that the Japanese market will be more profitable. Thus, companies, while being preponderant in their choice of markets, are not limited to the US, but are pragmatic in choosing markets that will generate higher profits worldwide.
The choice of medicines is the most important factor in the success of the generic drug market. Only products with fewer competitors in the market will be able to produce the product. The United States counterfeiting system is very mature. Once the original research patent has expired, the generic pharmaceutical industry will normally enter on the basis of public information about the original drug.
In particular, India’s imitation industry entered the United States market early, with a very rich market experience, so that many markets have greater space and less difficult to produce. Prices of more imitators tend to decline rapidly because of market regulation, and profits are reduced. So low barriers to imitation are usually only available.
Like the 180-day monopoly period, large profits can be achieved, with multiple competitors entering the market after the monopoly period, imitating the prices and sales of medicines falling off a cliff. As in the case of Atolvatadin and CCPG, these two varieties are not only large varieties in the Chinese market, but are also used in the United States market.
Both of these drugs, after they were marketed, were a very clear reflection of the price of generic drugs and the steep drop in the primary drug market, which was usually lower in the United States, but not all of them. The average oral pill imitation was low. If there were more competitors, it would often be higher prices and profits in areas where there were fewer competitors.
So the choice of market patterns is better, and fewer varieties of competitors are the most important factor in the success of the overseas market for medicines. A good market pattern for high-barrel injection guaranteed products is usually determined by the difficulty of imitation.
The establishment of production lines and the continued maintenance of cgmp standards are often more costly if the production and quality control of injections are much higher than the normal oral tablets or capsules. Moreover, the difficulty of producing raw materials for drugs and the difficulty of producing preparations are important technical thresholds. Different types of drugs have their core technical difficulties, thus blocking large-scale follow-up by generic pharmaceutical companies. For example, companies are about to come.
The internationalization of the company continues to expand, although it is now based on generics, but will gradually become part of innovative drugs. The company now has three drugs for clinical trials in the United States; while it is now dominated by the Euro-American and Japanese markets, Australia, South Africa, South America, etc.
The market is becoming permeable; while anti-cancer and anaesthetic drugs are now the main sources, future imaging agents and cardiovascular products will be gradually added to the export queue. It is therefore to be expected that, behind the internationalization profits of HUN-SHI, which are now beginning to yield results, there will be an outbreak of overseas sales patterns of channel selection.
Currently, the overseas sales of corporate products are made through cooperation with world-renowned generics, i.e. agents represent the sale of the products of Heung Swe abroad, and agents split with the company when they get the sales income. The company’s collaboration with agents does not start with the marketing of the products, and usually starts with the creation of the product. The agents usually co-finance the development of the products at an early stage, and with each item.
In the United States, sales of generic drugs are usually entrusted to distributors, and distributors have access to distribution channels such as hospitals, pharmacies, etc.
Dealers tend to be more willing to accept packing agents for a dozen or so drugs than to negotiate for a single product, because the package sale of this product group will provide a great advantage to generic companies in the negotiations. Heung Swe now has only four of the U.S. listings, and for the time being does not have the advantage of packing negotiations. So, from the point of view of reality, at this stage, the company has chosen to negotiate with a world-renowned generic company.
Co-operation, co-packing and selling Hing-swee’s products with agents’ products has worked well. Innovative drugs + internationalization, with a lot of overseas authorizations, on the way to internationalization of Hing-Swe’s medicine, there is also an indistinguishable way of internationalization: lisence-out.
Overseas marketing channels are only just beginning to be established, although they have been deployed for many years. Thus, overseas markets for some innovative pharmaceutical products are being granted, and milestones and sales are being divided into overseas markets where innovation can be fully realized.
Three products have been authorized overseas by the company, and if the authorized company succeeds in its research and development, the milestone payments and sales splits will be made early on 15/01 2018 - the larger market for immunotherapy treatments will be able to reach the end of December 26, 2017 - a consistent evaluation of the immediate outlook for the benefits and mimicry pharmaceutical patterns.
• Environmental protection, 19 December 2017; price increases are still within reach — Vitamin industry study (ii) 04 December 2017 — recalcitrant immunotherapy treatments are on the verge of development — Environmental protection, 24 November 2017 — Vitamin industry study (i)
• On 13 November 2017, without prejudice to the demoralization of individuals, all of whom worked as citizens — the activation of drug innovation by the public licensing holders system — on 06 November 2017, peaked on a ridge with the capitalization of the cost of research and development — the three-quarterly assessment of the company's life-and-life company shares on 31 October 2017: raw material preparations were two-wheel-drived and the company's performance increased in line with expectations
• On 24 October 2017, the industry experienced a boom in prices, and the share of the bodymates was growing over time — the Hepato-Full Pharmaceuticals Industry Study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• On 12 September 2017, the market for anti-smoking drugs became more competitive, and Leupts became the market of chlorazine.