Heung Swe Medicine (600276) has accelerated to become a leading, international, comprehensive pharmaceutical company in the country, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Recommended logic: The next 10 years will be a period of rapid development of our innovation medicine. The company is a leading domestic pharmaceutical firm in the implementation of the two strategies of “innovation” and “internationalization” and is in a critical period of transition from traditional generic to innovative large-scale pharmaceutical companies. The next five years will be five years of rapid rise of corporate innovation, with a concentration of large varieties approved.
And fast-disbursing will drive high growth in corporate income from innovative medicines; according to our projections, in 2021 the company's revenue and performance are expected to reach $36 billion and $10 billion, respectively, while the income and performance ratio of the innovation drug contribution will be maintained at a higher valuation level, driven by the outbreak, and it is expected to reach the current transnational innovation leader, Asli, in 2021.
Domestic innovation poles, with heavy-pound innovation varieties, will be marketed. Companies have established the largest and most sophisticated innovation research and development platform in the country, with the highest number of research and development personnel and investment in research and development; companies have so far declared 38 innovations, far ahead in terms of quantity and quality, and are the only domestic innovation pole for pharmaceutical companies.
At the time, there were two new drug companies with a new type 1 on the market, Ere Schaeb was newly placed in the National Health Insurance, with immediate release; Apa Téni was placed on the market with a rapid release of about $1 billion in 2016, and the peak sales on the negotiating health list in 2020 are expected to reach $3 billion, which is a model for the use of innovative drugs.
Innovative varieties are expected to be marketed in 2018, 19k and violet (teprotein) are likely to be approved in 2018, and the peak sales of these heavy-pound varieties are expected to reach over $10 billion. Close to the international front, focus on biopharmaceuticals. Biopharmaceuticals is a global trend, global market rules.
In recent years, the company has focused on the field of dynamic biopharmaceuticals, completing the strategic layout of this area, and developing a number of popular products has advanced in an orderly manner. The first heavy-pound biopharmaceutical, 19k, is expected to be released.
Focusing on biopharmaceutical products is on the cutting edge of the international front, with heavy-pound varieties such as adcs, pd-1/l1, l-17, etc. close to the cutting edge of international technology, where R & D progress is at a national level. • In keeping with the “simulation combination” strategy, high-end generic pharmaceutical products are about to reach harvest.
Important generics will be approved in the country, including iodized oils, carpofine net, not soon to be approved, iodized oils, carpofols, and other heavy-pound imitation/submitory varieties such as Palibone, purple sapol (teprotein), chlorogry.
The export of generic preparations, the overseas authorization of innovative medicines, and the testing of bedbeds have accelerated the process of internationalization of companies. The company has achieved the approval of fda listing of nine generic varieties.
Three innovative drug varieties have achieved overseas authorization, supported by strong corporate research and development capabilities, and are expected to become regular in the future by imitating the overseas authorization for overseas listing and innovation of pharmaceutical products. Triteni is entering the U.S. clinical period, il-17 is entering the Australian clinical phase, and more innovative varieties will enter overseas clinical, some of them.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Innovation internationalization pace plus profit predictions and investment proposals. A strong look at the 10 years of innovation in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry in the future. A firm look at companies. Quick, shr0302 successfully authorized overseas.
(b) Valuation of the value of the company's existing and ongoing product lines, R & D platforms, respectively, with reasonable contrast to the company's 2018 Heung Swe medicine (600276);
Draw the stove, perform the high price, show confidence, Heung Swe medicine, 600276: overweight caldani, expected to be on the market ahead of schedule (2017-08-25).
2. In 2017-2019, the company is expected to be approved for Cartone, Sulphur Pephigstin, Rigretine, pd-1 against four heavy-pound innovations, combined with two approved Ira Scheb and Apadaloni innovations, and is expected to be sold at $1.7 billion, $3.3 billion and $6.3 billion, respectively, in 2017-2019.
Our view is different from that of the market, which has always considered companies to be highly valued as white horses. Since the company was listed, pe has remained largely 35-70 times as high, and the market has always considered the company as a white horse leader in the entire pharmaceutical industry with a higher valuation and a mismatch between its valuation and its market value.
Southwest pharmaceutical team view: From an industrial policy perspective, the domestic pharmaceutical industry environment in the next 10 years is similar to that of the United States pharmaceutical industry in the 1990s (with more than 70 times the value per pe, see the annual strategy report 2018 for details), and the purchase of the pharmaceutical science and technology unit is the future of the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. We firmly believe that the future growth of companies is clear, competitive, and that there is much room for growth.
Markets are not accurate about the point of a company’s transition from traditional to innovative strategies. The Southwest pharmaceutical team’s view is that companies have long relied on generic drug varieties, that investment in innovation research and development has not been concentrated for many years, and that markets are not fully aware of it.
By the time the central harvest of the company's innovation medicine is approaching. According to our research, the company will have a large number of heavy-pound varieties in the next three years, and the fast-disbursing of the company's already marketed heavy-pound varieties will clearly drive the growth of its income and performance; the future of the heavy-pound varieties will continue to grow; they will be marketed and fast-tracked: the overseas authorization of the company's research on innovation products is constantly being realized: the company's heavy-pound innovation varieties will be clinically overseas.
Absolute valuation: dcf valuation of companies listed and researched innovative drugs, 6 traditional businesses as a whole. Total value of innovative medicines obtained was $92.7 billion, total value of traditional business was $72.59 billion, or $162.29 billion, by company dcf. Relative valuation: pe-ps valuation by company listed varieties, by company under study of innovation varieties. Combining companies.
(b) The company's current focus is mainly on generics, which are subject to price reductions in future bidding processes and to the risk of re-arrangement of hospitals;
(b) Given the many uncertainties surrounding the company's actual income and performance over the next five years, there is a risk that the relevant forecast values in this report may be significantly different from those actually realized in the future;
This analysis makes extensive use of third-party data from the hospital sample hospital (pdb) and Emmes, which are sample hospital statistics, not actual industry and company data, and which are incorrect from actual data, and which are only relevant.
Heung Swe medicine is one of the largest chemical and biological enterprises in the country, and its listing and research products cover a wide range of major diseases, such as anti-cancer, film-making, anaesthetic, autoimmune diseases, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, etc., and the product market covers the country.
With Europe and America, the most extensive and high-quality company in the country. The company was on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2000 or the first pharmaceutical company in the country where injections were allowed to be marketed in Europe and America. Nine drugs have now been marketed for fda. There are four research centres and a clinical medicine department in the country and abroad, with more than 2,000 R & D staff and close sales staff.
The company has been gradually transformed from its predecessor, the Pharmacy Company in Yunzhou, with the largest shareholder now being the Jiangsu Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals Group, which holds 24.31% of the company’s shares, and the chairman, Mr. Sun Yuen, indirectly holding 89.22% of the Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals Group’s shares.
It is clear that the 13 holding companies and their subsidiaries are responsible for research and development, production, marketing, etc.; of these, Jiangsukosin and Jiangsu Xinjin medicine are responsible for the sale of company medicines, Shanghai Heung-swee and the United States of America are primarily responsible for research and development, and Jiang Su-Sin-ti is responsible for the production of chemical raw materials.
In 1970, the company established the company ' s former company, the company ' s former company, the Pharmacy Plant in Yundang, and its main raw materials business, which was transformed in 1997 by a stock system.
After many years of development, companies have moved from raw materials to preparations, from imitations to the quality of innovative medicines, and have accelerated the development of both corporate “internationalization” and “innovation” strategies. In November 2017, the company’s market value first broke the 200 billion dollar mark, and domestic pharmaceutical leadership has been firmly established.
Figure 3: Major milestones since the establishment of the company, we have taken stock of the history of corporate development and looked forward to its development over the next 10 years, with a simple division of corporate growth and development into three stages, i.e., i.e. generics, imitation combinations, innovation.
The company was founded in 1970 and was initially primarily involved in the production and sale of raw materials. The company is based on generic preparations and raw materials.
In 2000, the company began work on the creation of innovative medicines.
In 2003, the first clinical application for the innovative drug Ere Scherb was launched. In 2001-2015, the company declared a cumulative total of 26 clinical applications for the innovative drug, a variety of which has accumulated extensive experience in the development of the innovation drug research and development system.
During this period, the company launched a strategy of internationalization of generic pharmaceutical preparations, and actively expanded the foreign market. The short-term impact of the reforms has led to the emergence of an innovative drug concentration phase, not only in terms of the number of newly declared clinical varieties.
There is also a proliferation of rapidly growing, approved varieties. In the development of innovative medicines, companies have largely developed an international competitiveness strategy each year to achieve the initial internationalization of generic and innovative medicines.
After many years of development, the company has achieved remarkable results, thanks mainly to the deep professional background and visionary management team at the heart of Sun Yuen’s directorship, as well as to the development of the company. The director, director-general and director-general of R & D, all core executives are drug science students, who have for many years insisted that product research and development be guided by clinical needs, and that research and development and marketing be built.
In terms of its current position as the leader of the pharmaceutical industry in the country, sustained investment in innovative drug research and development has made the company a leader in the country, and under the leadership of its chairman, Mr. Sun Yuen, the company has been built into one of the most specialized, complete and large-scale pharmaceutical companies in the country to develop, produce and sell as a whole.
\triangleright 12653 persons, of whom 7288 or 57.6% were sales workers, 2142 or 16.9% were research and development workers, and 74.5% were sales and research and development workers.
The Department’s research and development and marketing staff are at the top of the country’s ranks. High-end talent allocation is at the top of the country. Of the 12,653 employees, 1378 or 10.9 per cent have master’s and doctoral degrees, while 54.1 per cent of undergraduates and above are equally in the country.
Corporate performance: sustainable and stable growth. Corporate operating income and net profits have grown consistently and at a higher rate as a result of sustained investment in research and development for new products. Since listing, companies have seen higher elasticity and steady growth in their income and performance.
The company’s main business structure: anti-cancer is at its core, diversified development. The company has been on the market since the beginning of the year, with anti-cancer drugs accounting for 27.5% of the income from the anti-cancer industry in 2000 and 20.9% of the income from the anti-infection business, the company’s second-largest business. After many years of development, the company’s main business is at its core, and the number and sale of non-cancer varieties remain unchanged.
The distribution ratio has gradually increased, and product diversification has been effective. The number of products and sales revenues in new areas, such as imaging, anaesthetics, and so forth, have been growing, while research and development in major areas of medicine, such as metabolites, cardiovasculars, etc., are about to enter the harvest season, and the coverage of corporate products has gradually expanded, with a greater emphasis on integration.
From 4.7 per cent at the beginning of the market to 27.1 per cent, the film agent business grew rapidly, reaching 11.8 per cent, depending on the company ' s years of deep cultivation in the field of anti-cancer, which at one time accounted for more than 60 per cent of the income from the anti-cancer business, and which, although it has now declined to 45 per cent to the right, remains the company ' s core business, with the revenue ratio remaining the absolute advantage and is expected to develop in the long term.
To give investors a clearer picture of the structure of corporate products, we use the bcgmatrix analysis to analyse the market growth rate of products in various areas – market occupancy rates – to obtain a Boston matrix distribution across business areas.
The company's current varieties are divided into six major areas: anti-cancer, anaesthesia, cinematography, anti-infection, cardiovascular, specialty fluids. We distributed the company's product areas in 2016 according to market growth rates - market occupancy rates. In this case, anti-bang, tumors and specialty injecting fluids are relatively low in the market, while the market is growing at a higher rate and is a problem business; and the market for anaesthetics, film agents.
Higher rates of growth and higher market ownership are corporate-star operations; lower rates of increase and higher market-ownership are cash-based cattle operations, which are currently not visible in several major areas of the company; both anti-infection and cardiovascular-type drugs are growing at a lower rate and market-owned, and are clearly thin-dog-type in the company ' s business structure.
Through the Boston Matrix analysis, it was concluded that the largest-income anti-cancer business was problem-based, that the second-largest anaesthetic and film agent was a star business, and that the company currently had no visible cash cow business. So we thought that the department was still in the early stages of its growth, and that there was still a huge scope for growth in the future of the anti-cancer business, with new products being developed.
As we move forward, the anti-cancer business will gradually grow into a star business, while new product areas such as newly approved diabetes mellitus, self-immunization diseases, etc. will become new problem-based business. (Questionmarks, high growth, low market share)
The problem-oriented business is high-speed, low-market-occupancy, and the company’s anti-cancer and specialty injection fluids belong to that business. While the anti-cancer business contributes most to the company’s income and performance, with the second largest share of the country’s market (first in the case of chemical drugs), the domestic anti-cancer market is fragmented, with companies accounting for only about 8% of the total, and the city’s share remains high.
So, companies need to continuously increase the number of new varieties of anti-cancer research and development and sales personnel in order to keep up with the rapidly growing market and gain a larger share of the market, which would also mean significant R & D and extension investment; in the future, if companies gain a higher share of the market in anti-cancer areas, the problem-type business would grow into a star business. By collating the company's R & D pipeline, we find that the company has become a star.
During the next two years, a number of anti-cancer innovation products will be approved, moving from problem-based to star-based operations; we expect the market share of the company ' s anti-cancer products to be more than 15% by 2020, the market growth rate will be more than 30%, and the anti-cancer business will become a company-star business.
The colour infusion business market is fragmented, the market is low, the company ' s specialty fluid products are relatively small, and sales are increasing at a faster rate, but at a later stage there is a tendency to remain unrecomposed to neoplasms and to become directly lean dog business. Stars (high growth, high market share)
The product in this field is in a rapidly growing market and has a high market share, and the star business, which continues to be invested in, can be seen as a leader in the fast-growing market, and will become the company’s future gold cow business. The drug and film agent market is relatively small and concentrated, with companies doing both through years of promotion.
The cash cow business (low growth, high market share) is a leader in a mature market that can bring sufficient and stable cash flows to the company and needs to meet the low increase.
In the three main areas of company resistance to oncology, anaesthesia, and cinematography, it is most likely that anaesthetic and imaging agents will become the company’s cash cattle business first.
Products in this area do not generate large amounts of cash, nor do they require large amounts of cash, and the individual varieties of these products do not produce significant company performance. The anti-infection and cardiovascular groups are some of the types that were approved earlier in the company and are now in a situation where the market is competitive and the company’s new product is being updated slowly.
Typical thin dog business. The approval of new products will allow the company to re-establish a problem-oriented business, with the approval of Datocin, Capofin and two net counterfeits, the anti-infection business will tend to become a problem-oriented business in the future, and the cardiovascular business will also be expected to become a problem-oriented business with the approval of heavy-pound products such as chlorazine.
Corporate profitability: The cost rate has remained stable over the period, with Māori rates and net interest rates at an all-time high. Companies have maintained a product marketing strategy, with sales rates of around 40 per cent since 2004, companies will continue to be marketed with heavy pounds of goods in the future, and the cost of marketing the market for new varieties will increase so that the cost of marketing will continue to be high; and administrative costs will continue to be high.
Over the last three years, it has remained at around 20%, and as the number of declarations of innovative varieties continues to grow, there is a tendency to increase the rate of management costs. Companies have not been financed since their listing, have no financial burden, have sufficient cash flows, and will continue to operate in a healthy manner in the future.
Cost of sales: The sales model of the self-built sales team incurs higher market costs. The company has a higher sales cost, mainly because of the company ' s own sales model of the built-up sales team, the high demand for specialized drugs for clinical use, and therefore the need for large-scale academic outreach, with higher market costs. The company ' s sales cost for the year 2016 was $4.35 billion.
90.2 per cent of the cost is market costs, 8.3 per cent of the cost of travel and only 1.5 per cent of the cost of other projects; for the last five years, the share of market costs in the cost of company sales has remained at around 90 per cent.
Instead of self-constructed sales teams and generic and otc drug sales firms, there is no need for large-scale marketing, nor is there a high marketing cost. Thus, nearly 40% of companies’ sales costs are not an example, but rather due to industry characteristics; companies rely on the number of product lines to a market advantage, and their sales costs are significantly lower than those of relatively single drug companies.
Management costs: R & D costs are about half and there is a trend towards a further increase in management costs. For many years, companies have been fully costing R & D inputs without fixed assetization, so about half of their management costs are R & D costs. In 2016, R & D accounted for 52 per cent of management costs and 10.6 per cent of corporate income; and with the number of corporate innovation drug declarations
Further increases in R & D costs will continue to increase, and the ratio of R & D to administrative costs to administrative costs will increase further Financial costs: sufficient cash flow and healthy financial position. Companies have not been able to undertake activities such as major asset mergers and acquisitions since their listing, do not finance capital markets, rely on rich product lines and strong sales teams, and corporate cash flows have been abundant and financial.
Healthy financial conditions will have a virtuous cycle for the future development of companies. In 2011-2016, companies managed to develop the first and best sales power in a country with a significant shift in the growth drivers from "mongering" to "innovation"
The company, which started with the development and production of generics at an early stage, has been approved for a total of about 90 different varieties (as of 30 June 2017) and 158 formulation countries ' drug reference numbers (which contain different types and specifications of the same types of agents and do not include the national drug reference numbers of the raw materials); they have been obtained for two Chinese medicines, two innovative substances of the 1.1 type, and the remainder are chemical first or non-first.
After the era of “lack of medicines”, our pharmaceutical industry is gradually moving from a “quantified” product to a “quantified” “quality” country drug number, which was approved in most cases in 2007 and before, and which is gradually decreasing as the regulations for the management of the drug book are being improved and the average number of approved documents per year of the company is declining, while the quality is gradually improving.
The company began to apply for a 1.1-type variety in 2003, after a large number of early generics had accumulated sufficient research and development experience and funding for the company. In 2003-2012, apart from special years, the company declared about two new types of drugs per year, a total of 10 years, bringing the total number of new and innovative pharmaceutical products declared by the company to 13 and creating the largest number of products declared by the company in the history of innovation;
With nine conversions and four biopharmaceuticals, the development of chemical and biopharmaceuticals has taken place. R & D and innovation are permanent themes in the pharmaceutical industry, companies have long focused on pharmaceutical research and development, leading to landmark research and development in the field of generics and innovative medicines.
The achievements in the field of pharmaceuticals and innovative medicines are among the most powerful in the country’s research and development. According to statistics on the number of innovative drugs and generic drug varieties (listed and under development) in mainstream firms in the country, companies are taking 31 1-category (including 1.1 and 1) innovative drugs and 7 1-type innovative biopharmaceuticals far ahead of other mainstream drug companies in the country, and their leadership is growing.
Companies have the most powerful R & D pipelines in the country, with one category (listed and under development) leading the way in the number of innovative drugs, nine public (new 2016 versions of the classification) and seven biological drugs: two of the list of 1.1 drugs.
The Apadaloni anti-cancer drug, approved in 2011 for arthritis pain relief, and the Apadaloni anti-cancer drug, approved in 2014, are not included in the catalogues declared by the branches abroad. Based on the collation of one of the above-38 declared innovations, we use the drug-activities (targets), overseas versus overseas.
A detailed analysis of 33 of these open-sourced varieties is carried out from multiple angles, such as the drugs and the progress of research and development, and a projection of the probability of future listing of each species is given.
In the larger trend of encouraging innovation policies, the probability of listing is much higher than the probability that products of the same kind will be listed abroad; 2) the probability that drugs will be listed at clinical stage is higher than clinical stage and pre-clinical product. Companies’ annual R & D investment can also reflect their strong R & D strengths. In 2011-2016, the company’s R & D fees were the first in a row in a country, not only in absolute numbers.
According to an analysis of the progress of research and development of the company ' s focused variety, the company currently has eight drugs in clinical iiii, with a high probability of approval in the first half of the year; pd-1 units are expected to be declared production in 2018h1 and are expected to be approved in 209h1;
The approval of heavy-pound innovation varieties will effectively enrich the number of new drugs approved by companies and consolidate the company’s strengths in the field of innovation medicine in the country. Companies have long been working on research and development, and are about to enter the harvest season, and the company’s goal is to have more than one new drug in the future, and the division will have more than one heavy-pound product on the market, which will include heavy-pound innovation and heavy-pound imitation drug varieties; and a combination of nearly two years.
The successful varieties (Datotocin, Capofin net) are expected to enter a new high-speed growth cycle in 2019, and the contribution of innovative medicines will become apparent. The actual peak sales after the product has been marketed are likely to vary significantly from this forecast, which is used only as a reference.
2.2 The sales power is paramount - to speed up the transformation of the distribution line, to create a mass sales team - the company's sales operations in the country are mainly carried out by its parent company, its holding subsidiary, Jiangsu Koshin, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Jiang Soo Xinjiang. Jiang So Koshin is mainly involved in the company's own (including Shanghai Heung Rui) anti-cancer medicines, specialty fluids, film-making agents, cardiovasculars, etc.
In the morning, Jiang So-Sun was mainly involved in the wholesale sale of narcotic drugs produced by the company.
To fully stimulate the sales potential of each product line and of each saleser, in 2017 the company refined the structure of the sale line on the basis of the original structure, with a view to fine-tuning the important business or product. At present, the company has divided all products into five lines of marketing, i.e., anti-cancer, image, anaesthesia, chronic disease, and combined product lines, according to the area of adaptation; and will take stock.
In the future, other heavy-pound products will also follow Apadeni’s example, the hatching of mature marketing lines in the early days of listing, and the opening of separate sales lines when they mature. Strong R & D power and excellent marketing capacity are a combination of first-rate pharmaceutical companies, and companies are already working in the area of R & D.
By the end of 2016, the number of R & D and sales workers was 21,422 and 7288 respectively, and the total number of R & D and sales workers as a proportion of the total number of employees was among the top pharmaceutical companies (except Shanghai medicine).
To accelerate the smooth realization of the company ' s high-quality products, the company has expanded its sales team to a larger size in 2017, with more than 7,200 people in 2016, and it is expected that not only will the sales staff be able to demonstrate the strength of the company ' s sales, but the company ' s revenue from the sale of its main products will also be ranked domestically.
This reflects the company’s ability to sell. The company is currently awarded 92 varieties, and we have information on the 16 core non-exclusive species (excludes national exclusive products) that are ranked in the domestic sample of pharmaceutical sales, which exceed 50% of the company’s total revenues, 8 out of the 1st, with the exception of the sodium hydrochloride.
(Data description: This report analyses market data in a wide range of areas and company stars, mainly using hospital sample hospital data (pdb) and Emmes data (ims). pdb data is the number of national priority sample hospitals, according to which it has not been scaled up, so it is much smaller than the actual sales of company products, and the “samples” appear in this report.
Hospitals “all refer to pdb data: the inms data in the report are magnified data that are closer to the actual sales of the company's products, but with errors. pdb and mms data are used only as support tools for the analysis of industry and corporate products in this report, for information purposes only.
In order to improve the overall quality of the domestic pharmaceutical industry and accelerate its international integration, in recent years we have put in place a number of policies to promote the development and reform of the domestic pharmaceutical industry, including a self-censorship of clinical data, an evaluation of consistency, a two-vote system and a priority review.
The withdrawal of 13 varieties, of which heavy-pound varieties such as sulfur-pessel-pesthan (19k) and Rigretine have been significantly delayed: apart from other policies that have less impact on the company, the priority review policy has a significant positive impact on the company. Given the location of the company ' s products in the domestic market and the company ' s position in the industry, we analyse the upstream supply of the company ' s products.
The factors that affect companies most are the bargaining power of downstream hospitals. The trend towards price reductions is clear, and bargaining power is weak; the ability to negotiate innovations is relatively strong, but there is also a risk that health insurance catalogues will adjust prices.
Figure 33: The company’s core competitiveness five-power model, for the company’s already listed species, is ranked second in the company’s three main business areas of anti-cancer, anaesthetic, and film agent, and first in the company’s three main areas of business.
Rate data show that the three largest competitors in the current business are overseas multinational drug companies. In the area of innovation drug research and development, the gap between public and domestic firms is widening, the number of declared innovation drugs is far ahead of domestic firms, and companies’ largest competitors in innovation medicine are still overseas multinational drug companies.
The threat of potential (new) entrants, unlike other industries, where the pharmaceutical industry has high technical barriers, high and long product R & D inputs, and where large integrated enterprises need long-term accumulation, potential entrants cannot become multi-product-based, multi-product-based in the short term.
From the development experience of large pharmaceutical companies abroad, it takes decades, even centuries, to be large drug companies in order to become more diversified and up-to-date firms. The domestic pharmaceutical industry started relatively late, but the country’s large pharmaceutical industry has also generally experienced decades of development and accumulation, and some late start-ups.
It is difficult to diversify products, and new product R & D pipelines seem thin. Thus, new entrants to the industry still pose less of a threat to the company’s future.
As a result, the firm’s bargaining power over upstream suppliers is not sufficiently high, as the pharmaceutical industry is downstream mainly of hospital terminals and retail terminals, and medicines need to be tendered to reach hospital terminals because of national production.
The vast majority of medicines are generic pharmaceutical products, with less bargaining power downstream of pharmaceuticals, with different price reductions per round of bidding. Thus, the weak bargaining power downstream is a common feature of companies and other home-grown generic pharmaceutical companies, but as corporate innovations continue to be approved, companies will have sufficient bargaining power on innovative medicines.
For 83 species, we find that the decline in generic prices is increasing, suggesting that generic downstream bargaining is more threatened by alternatives, while innovative drugs have a price advantage and less threatened by alternatives during the patenting period. The main reason for the weak downstream bargaining power is the threat of alternatives, with some products falling in bad faith in the bidding process for generics.
Prices. As with other generic pharmaceutical companies, the company ' s generic pharmaceutical business is more affected by competitive bidding, but the company relies on strong marketing teams and networks to sustain sales growth, relying on increased product sales; and the price of innovative medicines is relatively stable over the patent period, with prices less affected by bidding, mainly through academic marketing and less affected by alternatives.
2.3.1 Consistency evaluation - industry shuffling policy has little impact on companies
Consistency evaluation according to the principle of conformity with the quality and efficacy of the original drug(s) is required for any drug(s) that is not approved on the market. For the national essential drugs catalogue (2012 version) approved before 1 October 2007, a consistency evaluation should be completed by the end of 2018 for the pharmaceutical oral solid formulation(s) and, if no evaluation has been made, write-off of the drug(s)
Approval document number: Other generics approved for listing prior to the implementation of the new register classification of chemicals, and after the consistency evaluation of the self-initiated varieties, in principle, the same varieties in other pharmaceutical production enterprises should have been evaluated for consistency within three years; for overdue cases, a total of 168 formulations were issued by the company, of which 107 were injected and 107 were copied for oral solid formulations.
44 units. 44 batches of generic oral solid formulations cover 33 varieties. Therefore, we believe that companies are involved in imitation, that the number of generic evaluation varieties is small, that the impact on companies is small, and that only a few solid oral formulations need to be evaluated consistently.
There are only 10 species of solid formulations that belong to the list of essential medicines, and consistency evaluation imposes a small burden on the company. Based on the market sales of each species, the company decides whether to conduct a consistent evaluation study.
On 26 February 2016, the Directorate-General issued the Opinion on the Implementation of the Priority Review Review Process to address the backlog of applications for the registration of medicines, with the aim of strengthening the management of drug registration and accelerating the development of new medicines of clinical value and clinical imperatives for counterfeiting.
Listed on the market, resolving the problem of the backlog of applications for the registration of medicines. Priority is given to innovative medicines of obvious clinical value, generic medicines, etc., drugs to combat malignant neoplasms, drugs for children, diseases specific to older persons and multiple diseases, and medicines with clear clinical advantages, as well as medicines that are in urgent need of clinical and market shortages.
By the end of January 2018, the cfda pharmaceutical centre had issued a total of 26 priority reviews and issued a total of 465 acceptance numbers to the priority review list. Twelve of the companies were selected as the largest number of selected companies in the country.
Since the successful implementation of the priority review policy, some of the priority review varieties have been approved for production.
The advantages are evident when the month is far less than the average of 51 months for non-priority reviewed varieties, and we believe that the introduction and implementation of the priority review policy has reduced the lead time for review and clearance of priority varieties, and has accelerated the marketing of the priority niche species, which is of interest to domestic R & D-type enterprises. As of the 26th priority review catalogue list, companies
Twelve varieties have been selected, the largest number of enterprises in the country that have been approved for the priority review list, and it is expected that companies will be selected in the future with more heavy-pound varieties, not only reflecting strong corporate R & D strengths, but will also significantly accelerate the listing of a number of heavy-pound varieties of companies and accelerate the shift of the corporate-driven core from traditional to innovative ones.
2.4 Clinical data self-checked for short-term storage effects, heavy-pound species re-declared. Addressing the overstretch of drug declarations and irregularities in clinical trials, on 22 July 2015, cfda issued a bulletin on the conduct of self-checking of drug clinical trial data, deciding on 1,622 drugs declared for production or import pending trial
cfda uses the strictest standards, the strictest supervision, the most severe punishment, the most serious accountability, as the requirement for this self-verification, and requires that all registered applicants who have declared and are pending at the Directorate-General's office, from the date of the announcement, be required to comply with the Code for the Quality Management of Clinical Trials of Drugs, etc.
In contrast to the clinical trial programme, self-checking of registered applications for medicines for which production or import has been declared is required to ensure that the clinical trial data are accurate, reliable and that the relevant evidence remains complete.
As of December 2017, the company had completed the refinement of the clinical data for key varieties, and re-declared it, and the sulfurpestin (19k), injected antimoxazine, and the cfda capsules had been re-acquired.
Recognise, Rigrettin is also in the process of actively refining clinical data and is expected to be re-declared in 2018h2.3 Anti-cancer -- the core business, the effectiveness of the innovation strategy, which will soon focus on harvesting, relying on the imitation+innovation strategy, the company received nearly 90 approved varieties, of which 2 are innovative drugs, i.e., Erie Scheb and Apa.
At present, the company has been able to concentrate its products on anti-cancer and peripheral products, central nerve, film agent, specialty fluids, and anti-infection. Among these, anti-cancer has been the company’s core business, and research and development of new products will be gradually expanded to vital uses such as cardiovascular, diabetes, and autoimmune diseases.
3.1 We have great market potential for anti-cancer medicines, based on the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, the Oncology Academy, the National Cancer Centre, Master Hetet, and the Director of the National Oncology Registration Centre, Chen Wanqing.
Professors and others published Chinese cancer statistics for 2015, published in the magazine acancerjournalforclinicians, show that in 2015, China is expected to have 4,292,000 new neoplasms and 2,814,000 deaths. As a result of an increase in the country’s population ageing, environmental pollution and urbanization, the incidence and mortality rates of cancer among our population are significant.
Oncology is the largest drug application in the world, with a market of about $100 billion. In 2016, the domestic drug sample sold to the hospital was about $17 billion, with a total actual size of about $90 billion. As the number of cancer patients in the country is growing rapidly, the drug is growing rapidly.
The structure of the substance is gradually shifting from relatively cheap traditional chemotherapy drugs to high-priced targets for small and large molecules, and the size of the anti-cancer market is expected to reach $500 billion over the next 20 years. 3.2 The company ' s anti-cancer product lines are moving from traditional chemotherapy varieties to drugs.
The global market for anti-cancer drugs has already reached more than 50% of the target to the drug, but the domestic situation is different, the target to the drug is expensive, the adaptive conditions are concentrated, and traditional chemotherapy drugs are relatively cheap and anti-cancer adaptive conditions are widespread, so internal chemotherapy drugs dominate the market for anti-cancer drugs.
The company still has 10 varieties of chemotherapy, and only 5 are big and small. The company’s operating income in 2016 was $11.09 billion, of which $4.83 billion was for anti-cancer drugs, a year-on-year increase.
As a result of the rapid release of Apateni, which was used for late-stage gastric cancer, Apateni contributed nearly 1 billion dollars in sales to Heung Swe in 2016. The domestic anti-cancer market was large and fragmented, with sample hospital data showing that the share of the top 10 firms in the world was only 57.6%.
The largest anti-cancer firm, Rhodes, with its three heavy pounds of monocrete, has a 15.7% share in the domestic anti-cancer market, ranking first. The company has the second highest share, 8.4%, and in the traditional anti-cancer sector, 9.7%, if market concentration is not taken into account.
At present, the company’s anti-cancer product line is largely consistent with the country’s entire anti-cancer drug industry, mainly based on traditional chemotherapy drugs. According to the ims, the company’s anti-cancer product line has a number of support products.
The company's research product is based on anti-cancer, and includes not only a variety of innovative drugs in many markets, such as Gifetney, pd-1, but also current global heavy-pound anti-cancer imitations, such as Gifetney, Bevet, etc. According to publicly available information, the public administration has compiled data on the lines of research and development of anti-cancer products, with a total of 27 declared varieties of 1 type of innovation.
A total of 13, or nearly 50 per cent; and 7 biopharmaceuticals, of which 1 biopharmaceutical, 3 biopharmaceuticals, 2 biopharmaceuticals, 3 biopharmaceuticals, and 9 biopharmaceuticals, which, in the study range, would significantly enrich the company ' s anti-cancer product lines, with diazine, purple filamentol (teprotein-combined), ammonamine injection and thiodominoazine (19k) and pd-1 expected to be marketed over a short period of time.
We believe that the company will remain at the forefront of the domestic market for anti-cancer drugs in the long term, and that the company ' s strengths in the field of anti-cancer in the country will become more apparent as the future multi-pound products are approved; that the company ' s anti-cancer product lines have long been dominated by traditional chemotherapy drugs, and that the Apadalni ' s listing and rapid release have quickly changed the company ' s income structure for anti-cancer products; and that, with the stubble, the company ' s anti-cancer product structure is rapidly changed.
Proclaimed production for Denny, 19k, and active counter-declaration work for pd-1, the company will have more weight over the next three years, targeting new drugs and becoming a new driver of growth in corporate income and performance.
3.3.1 The difficulty of treating stomach cancer, the low number of targeted drugs, stomach cancer as a common malignant tumor worldwide, and in 2015, a statistical report published by the authoritative American journal cacancerjclin showed that there were more than 950,000 new cases of stomach cancer worldwide in 2012, after lung cancer, breast cancer, rectum.
Cancer and prostate cancer, among them the highest in East Asia; approximately 730,000 deaths, after lung cancer and liver cancer. Ten thousand, slightly lower than liver cancer, ranked third in the country.
A different chemotherapy program. The two combinations of fluorine platinum are the mainstream first-line chemotherapy program. The National Integrated Cancer Network (ncccn) of the United States has a first line of late-stage stomach cancer therapy program, a combined fluorine (5-fu or kaperta) combined chemotherapy therapy is the only one.
The common guide developed by the Institute of Amatic Medicine (esmo) is the combination of fluorourinary platinum and trichotomy, which is still controversial, while the domestic treatment guidelines are relatively comprehensive, with single, two or three combinations based on the physical strength of the patient The heterogeneity of stomach cancers, less sensitive to chemotherapy drugs and less favourable prognosis, are highly demanding for individualized treatment.
Tumours. Currently, there are fewer targeted treatments for stomach cancer worldwide, with Hersettine, Ramucirumb, and Apatini on the market. Hersettine is used to treat her2 positive stomach cancers as a line for her2 positive stomach cancers.
vegfr-2 targets play a role in the treatment of gastric cancer targets. Ramucirumb single or combined violet alcohol can significantly extend the survival of patients with late stomach cancer, the first target drug that fda has approved for the transfer of second-line treatment for stomach cancer. In recent years, a number of well-known drug companies have conducted multiple clinical studies for treatment of gastric cancer targets, some of which have already been tested.
From these clinical studies, the target for stomach cancer is not ideal for treatment, indicating that treatment of stomach cancer is difficult, and that there is a large advantage and potential in treatment of stomach cancer for the species that are already on the market.
3.3.2 The company's first innovative target is the treatment drug, which has yet to be fully adapted. The Apadaloni sulfonic acid (Aitan) is a new anti-vascular inhibitor, primarily through the highly selective suppression of intravascular growth factors - 2 (vegfr-2) - and the disruption of intravascular growth factors.
(vegf) Signal trans-routing in combination with its receptor, which strongly inhibits oncological vascular growth and acts as an anti-cancer function. On 17 October 2014, Apateni was approved as a new drug for the country ' s 1.1 category, for treatment of late stomach cancer or stomach cancer, combined with gland cancer on three or more lines of dietary tubes.
Apateni is the company’s second approved 1.1-type innovative drug after Ere Schebbles, and the company’s first approved anti-cancer target for treatment. At present, Apateni has been given three-line treatment for late stomach or stomach-tuberculosis cancer, in addition to stomach cancer.
The Department is actively expanding the range of other neoplasmal adaptive disorders, including liver and lung cancer. According to Pharmacy Network clinical test data, as many as 83 clinical studies, including companies and research institutes, have been registered on Apadaloni, covering several different tumours, with terminal liver and lung cancers in clinical iii.
3.3.3 Access to the health insurance catalogue will facilitate rapid market release. In July 2017, the Ministry of Human and Social Welfare issued a circular on the inclusion of 36 medicines in the scope of category B of the national basic health insurance, work injury insurance and birth insurance catalogue of medicines. 36 negotiated medicines were included in the national basic health insurance, work injury insurance
Apadeni entered the new version of the National Health Insurance. This round of health insurance negotiations resulted in a larger drop in the price of the tumor target to the drug, which was about 37%, one of the smallest drops in the price of the anti-cancer target to the treatment drug, far below the import target to the drug variety, with the imported target dropping by more than 40% to the drug, and the trauttoline to the drug.
The Apadeni new health care catalogue will help to fast-release the future, especially in the area of stomach cancer adaptation. Apadén has a three-line treatment for late-stage stomach cancer, with an estimated 420,000 new cases of stomach cancer per year in the country, about 50% of them.
The second discovery is late, so there are about 210,000 new Apateni patients per year. Without taking into account the supply of medicines, the average life expectancy of patients with late stomach cancer is 4.3 months, based on the original cost of use in Apateni (about 15,000 yuan/month), and the market capacity for late stomach cancer in Apateni is about 13.5 billion yuan, which is still up to 8.5 billion yuan after the price reduction in 2016.
Appadeni sells about $1 billion, regardless of trans-adaptive use, with a stomach cancer penetration rate of about 7%. We believe that when Apadeni enters the national health-care catalogue, the market penetration rate will increase rapidly and is expected to reach more than 30%, and given the new approved adaptive conditions in the future, it is expected that Apadeni's future market sales will outpace $3 billion by 2020.
A detailed analysis of a number of traditional anti-cancer varieties, such as Dositas and Oshalicon, can be found in section 9.1 of the appendix. 3.4 Anti-cancer products can be expected - several heavy-pound imitation varieties are about to be approved.
The company is rich in anti-cancer research and development pipelines, many of them are in a state of readiness, and we expect that over the next two years there will be more heavy-pound anti-cancer products on the market, which will continue to enrich the company's anti-cancer product lines. These varieties will be rapidly released in various treatment areas, and according to our projections, the peak sales of these varieties will total over $10 billion.
See section 9.2 of the appendix for details of the soon-to-be-received heavy-pound anti-cancer varieties.4 The non-cancer oncology business has performed well 4.1 Central neurology product - a fast-growing anaesthetic tap
According to the National Statistics Office, there is a steady increase in the annual number of surgeries in the country.
Different methods of anaesthesia are used in different parts of the nervous system, while whole body anaesthesia is generally used in the central nervous system, while local anesthesia is used in related local nerves. Surgery anaesthesia, myths, sedative hypnotics, and painkillers are still the most important drug of clinical anaesthesia in the country.
The market for anaesthesia and its auxiliaries, which is about 12 billion yuan in size, is still able to sustain a growth rate of more than 10 per cent; in 2012-2016, the market for abstinence and anaesthesia in sample hospitals rose from 2.520 billion yuan to $4.22 billion, or a 14 per cent compound increase. As a result of the country ' s strict control of narcotic drugs, the market for narcotic drugs is concentrated in the country. According to sample hospital data, the country ranks among the top three companies.
As a result of strict State control, most of the drug products are produced and sold by a small number of enterprises, the country’s top class of intoxicated varieties is competitive and the country’s few companies with the right to produce the drug benefit significantly.
The advantages of speed, short-lived time, and awakening have been at the top of the list of national drug sales for many years, including 2016, where the hospital sold $1.21 billion, nearly two times as much as the second full-body heptafluoroalkane. The ammonium is the most effective clinical ammonium and is the country's largest anaesthetic auxiliary drug, with a short half-life, no allergic reaction, no accumulation.
In 2016, it sold 670 million yuan in sample hospitals. Heptafluoroane, right-wing metomy, rhodescaine, not to mention the largest domestic sales of inhaled anesthesia, sedated sleeping pills, and local anesthesia. The company was active in developing other product lines after the anti-cancer market, and the clinical surgical drug, represented by anesthesia, was its own.
An important area of development is the high policy barriers to the production and sale of narcotic drugs, as well as the higher profits from the fact that the company has become a leading drug company in the country, and the growth of varieties such as aqueous ammonium and right-wing metomy will continue to drive the rapid growth of the company’s narcotic product line.
Anaesthetic products are the company ' s second-largest core business, earning 3 billion yuan in 2016, or 27.1 per cent of the total income.
4.2 Shadow agent product lines: the definition of the new domestic Jinn leader and the mechanism of action 4.2.1 Shadow agent (also known as the contrast agent) is used to increase electromagnetic radiation or ultrasound absorption or reflection energy between different body elements in the body
Inert chemicals differ. Shadow agents are used in direct and indirect ways, with oral, injection, and piercing, divided into three categories: ancillary, iodine, and gas. Shape agents are one of the most commonly used substances in radiology operations, and the image field has been gradually expanded from X-ray photography, colour b super, c-scan imaging to nuclear magnetic resonance.
(mri) Diagnosis and detection, etc. (mri). The principles of x-line and ct-scan imager: human organ tissue density is similar and often undiscognizable under x-lines and ct. Specific methods are used to introduce high-density or low-density inert chemical products into tissue organs, so that tissue organs are associated with the surrounding tissues.
The magnetic resonance (mri) is based on different principles, and MRI does not itself produce signals, and changes the signal strength of these protons. Thus, depending on the centre of magneticity, the mri projection can be divided into light-magnetic substances.
Supermagnetic and iron-magnetic substances. 4.2.2 Classification of Shapes and their advantages and disadvantages. Since 1920, Iodine-containing chemicals have developed for three generations.
It's one of the most widely used cinematography agents in the field of X-ray photography, color b super, ct-scan imaging. Iodine-based imaging agents are predominantly ion-type and non-ion-type. Among them, ion-type imaging agents have been phased out because of their high permeability pressure and toxicity.
Coverage of multi-parameter features such as proton density, hysteria, chemical shift, and the advantages of high spatial resolution and high contrasts has become one of the most powerful detection tools in contemporary clinical diagnosis. In mri clinical diagnosis, 30% of the diagnosis is in need of an image agent to increase imaging contrasts, so the film agent has a huge market space in mri clinical diagnosis.
4.2.3 The rapid growth of the company as the leader of the country's cinematographer has led to a growing demand for health in the country's economy; this has been accompanied by a growing demand for early detection of diseases and the effective diagnosis of diseases through high-end medical devices, which has created a picture agent in the country in recent years.
The National Directory of Essential Health Insurance Medicines contains four categories: ordinary x-line, ct, magnetic resonance, and other imaging agents. In 2016, the sale of sample hospitals reached $2.52 billion, and the overall market was about $10 billion.
This compares with an increase of 14% in the same year; the combined growth rate of the domestic film agent market has exceeded 17% per year since 2008 and is higher than the increase in the pharmaceutical industry during the same period. In terms of competitive patterns, iodized salt is gradually gaining a competitive advantage, directly driving the growth of the market for film agents and becoming a market-friendly product.
Over the past five years, the market for corporate cinematography has been growing rapidly, with model hospital sales increasing from 170 million yuan to 670 million yuan in 2012-2016, with a compound growth rate of 40.9%, the fastest growing business in the company. The rapid growth of public cinematography has gradually replaced ge medicine, making it the largest producer of cinematography in the country in 2016.
The company ' s film agent market accounts for 21.2 per cent, ranking first in the country: with the growth of individual products and the addition of new varieties, the public administration will maintain a long-term leadership position in the future.
After many years of development, the product line of the Shapes has been gradually expanded and has now reached five approved varieties, with iodized Buddhist and iodized grams of saol becoming the core species of the film agent business, which will continue to grow at a higher rate of sales in the future.
The company currently has two priority mature varieties, iodized Buddhist and iodized sarcophagus, and the rapid release of the new poppy iodide oil and platinum is expected to be a new driving force in the growth of the company ' s film agent, which is expected to increase by more than 25 per cent in 2017-2019.
For a detailed analysis of the company's cinematography products, see Appendix 9.4. 4.3 The rich line of anti-infection products is gaining weight over new varieties. Anti-infection drugs are the first major drug use in the country for clinical purposes, including antibiotics, fungi, antivirals, etc.
Sample hospital data show that domestic sales of anti-infection drugs increased from $26.14 billion to $33.38 billion in 2012-2016, with an average compound annual growth rate of 6.3 per cent and an overall market size of about $120 billion. Although the ratio of antibiotic markets has declined, it continues to occupy an absolute monopoly position in the market, as suggested by the ratio of anti-flammation and anti-virus markets.
The range of anti-infection drugs is wide and varied, with individual varieties not exceeding 10%. In 2016, the number of sample hospitals showed that Ndelcavee was the country ' s first anti-infection drug, selling $2.03 billion, representing 6.1% of the domestic anti-infection market, selling more than $1 billion in multi-species hospitals such as Meropenan and Voliconite, which are market-friendly anti-infection products.
Similar to individual products, the share of domestic individual enterprises selling anti-infection products is not more than 10%, the market is fragmented and the company ' s products are mostly clinically operated, and anti-infection products are naturally the company ' s priority type of development. To date, the company has been given 10 anti-infection products, which contain clinically high resistance such as caraline, datomoxin, capofen, etc.
The company has a wealth of anti-infection products, and the anti-infection business was one of the first three core businesses in the country.
The anti-infection business is now no longer at the heart of the company's business as a result of the policy of “restrictiveness” and the escalating effects of clinical products. In the last two years, with the net release of super-antibiotic datomoxin and heavy-pound anti-fungicide carpofin, the company's anti-infection line has been introduced with new blood, and it will certainly lead to a return to a high-growth trajectory. In 2017-2019, we expect the company to resist.
Total net sales of Tocin and Capofin are estimated at 150 million, 350 million and 650 million yuan. For a detailed analysis of the company's main anti-infection varieties, see Appendix 9.5. 4.4 focuses on sugar-reducing drugs, building the next core area.
4.4.1 The size of the sugar market is such that the international giant “negative land” diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by chronic high blood sugar due to genetic and environmental factors such as insulin under-genesis and reduced insulin function or insulin resistance, resulting in sugar, fat and protein metabolic anomalies.
Data from the seventh edition of Idf show that the global number of adult diabetes cases reached 415 million in 2015, 642 million in 2040 (an increase of 35 per cent), with an average compound annual growth rate of 1.64 per cent, and the global prevalence of diabetes among adults is about 7.2 to 11.4 per cent.
Diabetes, etc., in 1999 the WHO WHO-who Expert Committee on Diabetes divided it into four types of mellitus diabetes (insulin-dependent diabetes-precursive diabetes), type ii diabetes (non-insulin-dependent diabetes-pregent diabetes), his particular type and four types of mellitus during pregnancy (consequent mellitus-diabetes).
Diabetes are mainly divided into insulin (injection) and oral diabetic drugs, including oral diabetic drugs such as diphthrin (4dpp-4) inhibitors, glp-1 receptor agonists, dichotrines, sodium glucose combined trans-protein sglt2 inhibitors, sulfamines, sulfadine derivatives, alpha-glucose enzyme inhibitors and tnedraxone.
According to data from evaluatepharma, global sales of diabetes drugs in 2016 amounted to $42 billion, with insulin and its homologues accounting for an absolute advantage of 41.2%. New mechanisms such as dpp-4 inhibitors, glp-1 receptor agonists, and sglt-2 inhibitors have been gradually increasing, at 15.4%, 9.4%, 4.9%, and 4.9% respectively.
The dominant drug for type 2 diabetes: while the urban prevalence of traditional varieties such as diazine, sulfadoxine and a-glucose enzyme inhibitors is on the rise, global market data for 2016 show that glycerin insulin accounts for 17 per cent of the global market for diabetes drugs at $7.04 billion, followed closely by phosphate Xitlin ($4.99 billion, 10 per cent) and Lila Rupe ($2.98 billion, 7 per cent).
Nord and Nord have become absolute leaders in the field of diabetics with their absolute advantage in the insulin field, and Seinofi has become the second largest sugar company in the world by borrowing glycline insulin; and the global sales of sugar drugs to Top10 have a large variety of innovations, and are constantly pushing for new ones.
As a country with a large population, the incidence of diabetes is close to 11%, i.e. we have about 150 million diabetes patients, treatment of about 40 million people, and treatment of diabetes patients and drug users. According to data from sample hospital sales, domestic sales of diabetes drugs increased from $4 billion in 2012 to $5.7 billion in 2016, with an average annual compound growth rate of about 40 million.
4.3 per cent of the total market size exceeds 20 billion yuan; of this, 55.9 per cent were oral sugars in 2016, and 41.6 per cent were insulin and its analogues, in proportion to the international market pattern.
First, it is followed by glycerine insulin (780 million yuan, or 13.7%). In 2016, according to the order of sales by the firm, the top six of the market shares were Nord and Nord (24.8%), Quotsu (7.3%), Quelai (5.9%), Bayer (5.6%), Chinese medicine (5.4%) and Sanofi (4.5%); thus, foreign companies occupy an absolute advantage in the domestic sugar market.
Figure 70: Distribution of primary products sold for diabetes drugs, 2016 Figure 71: Distribution of businesses with diabetes drugs in the country, 2016
I've got glycerin, I've got 2 knapsacks, I've got insulin.
♪ The winter insulin ♪ ♪ The ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪ the ♪
The company's core business is anti-cancer and clinical surgeries, with little involvement in chronic medications. In the area of sugar drugs, one of the most intense areas of international competition, new drugs are emerging, companies are constantly developing and designing a series of declines.
Sugar drugs, including popular products in the fields of long-acting insulin, dpp-4 inhibitors, glp-1 receptor agonists, have been produced individually by Rigretine: presumably the company’s first heavy-pound degenerative. Lendine keeps glp-1 active, mainly by discouraging dpp-4 enzyme activity, thereby contributing to insulin secretion for blood sugar purposes.
Sigletin, originally researched by Mossa East, was listed by fda in 2006 as the first Dpp-4 formulation approved by fda, the fastest new drug ever sold over $1 billion, with $3.91 billion sold in 2016. In 2016, the total sales of Lutin-type drugs were about $8 billion, representing 15% of the global market for diabetes drugs, with a city share below insulin ranking.
Lenting-type drugs entered the domestic market for sugar drugs late in 2009, before the National Health Insurance Directory was adjusted, so sales were far lower than traditional types of health care. In 2012-2016, sales in Sigretin domestic sample hospitals increased from 25 million to only 25 million.
Up to 82 million, the base figure is still small; Sigretine accounts for 45% of the domestic market share of the drug in the Lenting group, and other types of drug sales are even smaller.
The size of the Lendine market creates good conditions for the release of Rigretine. The country has a large base of diabetes patients, with treatment of about 40 million people per year. If the company ' s products are on the market at a cost of about $10 per day (formerly about $10 per day for Sigretine), based on the net of amino acid: the company ' s first sglt-2 inhibitor, the probability is high. Sodium-glucose co-transfers proteins.
2 (2 sodium-dependentglucostrosporters2, sglt-2) plays an important role in renal glucose absorption, which inhibits sglt-2 from absorbing the renal weights of the glucose so that excess glucose is ejected from the urine and lower sglt-2 is the most recent target for degenerative drugs.
The world ' s first marketed sglt-2 inhibitor product, with $1.44 billion in global sales in 2016; there are currently several pharmaceutical companies that have approved sglt-2 inhibitor products globally. After four years of market development, the global sglt-2 inhibitor product sales in 2016 accounted for 4.9 per cent of the entire sugar market
By proportion, it is expected to grow rapidly in the future as one of the three major oral sugar drugs listed alongside the dpp-4 inhibitors, glp-1 agonists. Currently, three of the country’s net drugs, net of Kargler, net Dag Hammarskjöld and net of Englés, have been approved in 2017.
The company Heungglia has conducted a clinical trial in the form of a trial programme for the effectiveness and safety of the N2A 2 and the poor control of type 2 diabetes patients. Henglea is expected to be approved for listing in 2020, if the patient is treated at a cost of $7 per day (about $16 per day for a dose of 10 mg in Dag Hammarskjöld) 1% of the 40 million patients treated.
Patients take a net calculation of Hengles, with a peak sales of over $1 billion.5 A strategic front line that insists on R & D is a permanent theme in the global pharmaceutical industry.
R & D and innovation are permanent themes in the pharmaceutical industry, and the huge cost of R & D is one of the greatest features of the biomedical industry. In 2016, pharmaceutical companies occupied six of the top 20 posts in the global list of research and development inputs, and the benefits and research and development inputs of the pharmaceutical industry were closely captured.
In addition, according to research conducted by valluatepharma, the cost of successfully developing a new molecular entity drug in 2010 has increased to $2 billion, compared with 1979 and 1991 -- a figure of only $100 million and $300 million. On 18 November 2014, Tafts based on the continuation of 106 research and development projects for 10 pharmaceutical companies.
The latest figures show that the average cost of developing a new drug is about $2.6 billion, including $1.4 billion in research and development spending and $1.2 billion in investment losses over the same period. Pharmaceutical companies based on innovative medicines need to invest constantly in high R&D costs to sustain new and innovative drug varieties.
We analysed the world ' s 2016 drugs, the top 15 firms, the least expensive firms, and nearly $4 billion in R & D, which accounted for more than 10 per cent of the total operating income, an average of 19.8 per cent.
The emergence of a large number of generics after patent protection has led to a sharp decline in sales of original research products, which is the main reason why the drug giants spend a lot of research and development money each year to develop new varieties. We use Pfizer ' s Lipitor as a classic case, which has accumulated more than $100 billion before the expiry of the patent in 2011 and has continued since the expiry of the patent.
With more than 10 generic pharmaceutical companies on the market, Lipitus sales have shrunk sharply, with the original products sold globally in 2016 amounting to only $2 billion, well below the peak of $13.7 billion during the patent period. The huge research and development inputs of the giants of medicine are also yielding large returns, and the sales revenues of the innovative pharmaceutical companies are largely dependent on them.
A few heavy-pound varieties. We analysed the sales data for 2016 for the top three varieties of drug income to Top10, where the average sales of the three heavy-pound varieties were 42 per cent, and the ratio of Rhodes to Aberville was more than 50 per cent, which is a good indication of the return of high-value research and development inputs.
Simultaneous pharmaceuticals are subject to competition, and products are unable to gain more initiative at the “volume” and “price” levels, and are more likely to maintain their competitive advantage by relying on the number of products. Throughout the global drug landscape, i.e., pharmaceutical companies are less powerful than innovative pharmaceutical firms at both the income and the profitability levels, and the world’s largest generics, teva and Sands, have more than 1,000 generic pharmaceutical varieties.
In 2016, imitation of pharmaceutical business income was only $10 billion, with single-species income and profitability well below that of innovative drugs. 5.2 The share of innovative medicines in companies will gradually increase.
Since 2011, the company has been awarded two innovative drugs, Ere Scheffer and Apadaloni, and sales and sales have been significant since Apadalini was listed, bringing the company’s revenues from the sale of innovative medicines to around 10% of the total income. Over the next two years, with the approval of three heavy-pound varieties, 19k, pd-1 and pd-1, revenues from the sale of innovative medicines are expected to be generated.
According to our projections, driven by the above three heavy-pound varieties, the rate of increase in the income from innovation drug production fell slightly in 2017-2021, as a result of the increase in the base figure and the fact that new varieties are in the market import phase. We expect that in 2021, companies will be able to earn more than $11 billion from the sale of innovative drug products (these are just declared by the company).
Eight of the 38 innovation varieties have been approved and are about to be approved, contributing about $4.5 billion to the company's performance in the area of continuing deep-cultivated chemicals, which has been a powerful area of Heung Swe, and where large-scale sales of generics have provided companies with enough innovative drug development.
Funding, for chemo, remains the company’s core layout in the area of innovative medicines. Among these, the non-septic anti-inflammation drug, Apateni, and late stomach cancer, have been marketed and have achieved excellent sales results.
5.3.1 Ere Schebbs – The company's innovation medicine landmark, which was introduced to the National Health Insurance, was the first new group of 1.1 drugs approved by the company, and was marketed in 2011 as a landmark. The product is a genuinely patented innovation drug that marks the company's age of innovation. It was developed and developed in 1997.
In 2003, it was officially declared clinically, with production approved only until 2011. The listing of Ere Scheffer offers new options for people with arthritis in the country.
Chronic diseases, of which rheumatic arthritis (ra) is an autoimmune system disease with a high incidence of morbidity and disability. At present, arthritis diseases cannot be eradicated, damage can be prevented, joint functions protected, and the quality of life of patients maximized.
Traditional naids have obvious side effects on gastrointestinal lesions, “old cloth” drugs are highly selective cox-2 inhibitors, while highly selective cox-2 inhibitors are prone to cardiovascular events, causing internal effects.
The imbalance between prostate epoxy (pgio) and haemotocin (txao). The Erie shampoo, developed under the concept of “moderate inhibition” ox-2, maintains a balance between the epoxy and haemolyte in the body, reducing the likelihood of gastrointestinal irritation and cardiovascular damage, and is therefore a safe and ideal anti-inflammation drug.
According to sample hospital data, because of the large patient base, the market for non-pill drugs continues to grow at a high rate of 16.7% in 2016, higher than the industry as a whole.
The rate is 43%. The cities of Parrish and Cerebé follow the Fambiloven, with 14.7% and 10.8% respectively, while the markets for the rest of the sample hospitals are less concentrated and less than 10%.
The size of the entire market is about $2 billion, thanks to the early advantages of listing and access to health care. Ere Schebb was listed in 2011, unable to access the 2009 edition of the health insurance catalogue, and failed to achieve its release throughout the highly competitive Nsaids drug field. Access to health care is important for Ere Schebb sales.
In 2017, Ere Schamphu entered the 207th edition of the National Health Insurance Directory, formally removing the obstacles to the use of the drug, and as the market continues to expand, the peak sales is expected to reach $1 billion, based on an average sales of $30 million per province.
Companies have been following a “mock-up” strategy, and high-quality generics can bring rich profits. Companies have been investing heavily in research and development in the field of innovation medicine, and have never stopped the development of hot generics. Companies remain the first-tier company with declared power in the field of counterfeiting, and will be the first to obtain a variety of heavy-pound generics in the future.
More than 50 species, with short-term approvals for heavy-pound species such as the injection of purple sapol (the protein combination), hydrogen chloroglyph sulfate, and the injection of monozoamine; these varieties have billions of dollars in market space, are in high clinical demand and are competitive, and are expected to become a heavy-pound pharmaceutical variety for companies.
5.4 The strategic deployment area of biopharmaceuticals, with a global trend of 5.4.1 biopharmaceuticals, is currently the fastest growing area in the world, with a positive growth of the global pharmaceutical market.
According to ims, the global biopharmaceutical market is now more than $200 billion, with a market share of nearly 25%. Eight of the world’s top 10 drugs are biopharmaceuticals, of which six are mono-resistant, with one vaccine and one insulin. Our biopharmaceutical industry, although it is a late start, currently has a biopharmaceutical market of about $180 billion, or less than 15%, but there are many well-known drugs in the country today.
Biopharmaceuticals, represented by monolithic drugs, have long been the focus of research and development efforts on the major pharmaceutical giants. Multiple pounds of products have been produced in the fields of anti-cancer, autoimmune diseases, diabetes, etc., all of 2016.
In the top ten best-selling drug lists, biological products occupy eight seats, and the top four are all biological products. 5.4.2 is close to the international front, strategic deployment of biopharmaceuticals.The company began to declare the first biological product in 2006 and has declared 12 biopharmaceutical species, the main ones.
Focused on the field of anti-cancer, antiviral and autoimmune diseases; of these, 5 were biopharmaceuticals in one group, 3 in two groups, and 4 in nine groups. 19k Sulphur Pephigstin re-declared production after a “722” clinical self-revocative event in 2015, the most advanced species in the company's biopharmaceutical development, which is expected to be approved in the first half of 2018; shr-1210 (pd-1) was injected
Injecting shr-a1403 is a highly original species of many of the company's innovative drugs. It is a source of humans.
Molecular toxins, which act as anti-cancer cells, are currently not available globally at the substantive stage of research and development.The company is studying specific analyses of biopharmaceutical species in pounds, see appendix 9.6.6 Internationalization strategy: accelerating the building of internationally competitive innovation companies.
6.1 Innovative medicines are frequently authorized overseas and innovation internationalization accelerates Innovation and internationalization is a corporate development strategy, and early companies have achieved a “go-out” strategy through the export of raw materials and generic pharmaceutical preparations, which now replaces raw materials as the backbone of the company's exports, and many varieties are already in Europe and America.
The company's “outward” strategy is beginning to work, as the number of approved formulations abroad increases, and the innovation drug has made a corresponding breakthrough overseas, with several products successfully authorized overseas, accelerating the internationalization of the company's innovation drug, with several innovative drugs fda moving well, and the cyloni has entered the U.S. Clinic, which has done an excellent clinical job, the future sea.
In terms of “introduction,” in 2015, the company introduced the American company Tesaro’s patent anti-cancer-aided anti-cancer-aided drug rolapitant, a stock of anti-cancer-aided drugs; and in 2016 it introduced the Japanese cocolysbiopharma’s soluble magma.
The viral product telomelysintm, which enhances the competitiveness of companies in the field of anti-cancer control; a subsidiary in the United States, which specializes in the introduction of overseas projects and will introduce more innovative products into the country in the future.
In 2011, Elituk became the company ' s first brand of preparations approved by the fda market, and nine varieties have so far been listed by the fda, covering areas such as anti-cancer, anaesthetic, and anti-eclampsia. In 2016, the company received $430 million abroad, accounting for about 70% of cyclophosphate, which remains the company ' s core product export. Over the next two years, the company will still have it.
5-8 varieties have been approved abroad, including the first, i.e., generic pharmaceutical exports will be the company's long-term “outward” export of cyclophosphamide, which has been the core product of the company's product exports, accounting for more than 50% of the market share of the United States market. This variety, owing to the stringent requirements for sterile encapsulation of the formulation, requires that the production line of the formulation be tied to the production line of the raw material, which is also the company's raw material.
At the end of 2015, HUN-HUF7 will be listed in the United States through a fda certification as the first company to be listed in the United States after 2007. The US market space for HUF7 is around $300 million, compared to other generics.
The competition was well organized and shared with the United States market by the original research company, Yape, and the imitation company, Pat and Piramal. The company sold heptafluoroalkanes by Sandoz, which, based on its successful experience in selling cyclophosphate, is expected to be rapidly released on the United States market.
The share of market sales is expected to reach 20 per cent in three years, and is expected to become the company's next cyclophosphate-type drug, which will be awarded the fda certification for more than 6.3 raw materials. The company was one of the first companies to export raw materials in the country.
In the early days of the company’s listing, raw materials were sold at a relatively high level, and in recent years, with the strong performance of the preparations, the status of the raw materials has gradually been diluted, but they remain at about 50 million/year exports. The following table shows the company’s export of the raw materials at the end of the year.
The file (dmf) on drug management of raw materials is available and the dmf document contains five types, ii indicating that it belongs to intermediates, raw materials and drugs, and is the most dominant form declared by domestic enterprises.
During the golden period of American biomedical development, 1995-2000, the U.S. medical giant Pfizer, Mercerton, Johnson, etc., were overvalued, which was the time when companies had been given a lot of hard-loaded innovations and fast-distributed drugs, such as Lipto in Pfizer, which had been marketed in fda in 1997. The pharmaceutical industry had entered the 3.0-year era, and the pharmaceutical science and technology unit would face up to it.
The company is in the midst of a strategic shift from traditional imitators to the internationalization of innovation companies. The company is currently the only product in the country that is less influenced by policy, has a strong innovation in research and development, and has the ability to sell.
Strong pharmaceutical companies, we believe that the company's current 50+x pe is more reasonable and that the static pe valuation is more than 70 times more likely: (1) approval over the next two years with heavy-pound products such as diazine, 19k, pd-1, violet sapol (teprotein), (4) with the approval of chlorazole and sulfurda liver to sodium, the projected increase in cardiovascular sales in 2017-2019 is -1 per cent,
Through the dcf model, 26 innovative pharmaceutical varieties with a higher probability of listing and future approval, and 6 major traditional generic pharmaceutical operations are valued, respectively.pd-1, for example, with the following key assumptions:
(3) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) is 7.9 per cent: according to this model, we carry out a dcf valuation of 26 innovative pharmaceutical products in the company, totalling $92.7 billion, with a specific valuation, and a dcf estimate of old varieties that have been listed as resistant to oncology, anaesthesia, cinema, specialty fluids, cardiovasculars, anti-infection, etc.
Value, with key assumptions for income increases, Māori rates, sales, administrative cost rates (excluding R & D) data for each operation, maintaining evenness of operations. dcf valuation for six traditional generics, with a total value of $72.59 billion. Company relative valuations are divided into three parts: 1) pe valuation for listed sales: 2) for innovating products under study
The value of the company's research and development platform is estimated using the ps valuation method: 3), which is $2.8 billion, i.e. $2.8 billion. The reference industry valuation level is 30 times the value of the generic chemical agent.
The results of the comprehensive assessment, in which the probability of listing corresponds to progress in the development of drugs (preclinical, clinical 1, 11, 111, marketed), and the market space and market competitors determine the future peak sales figures for the product. According to the analysis of multiple innovative acquisitions abroad, most of the major acquisitions occurred during and after the clinical period, while preclinical and i-stage varieties were valued at lower value and traded.
For the comparative valuation of the company ' s research on innovative drug varieties, we value the case of mergers and acquisitions of the classic overseas variety (not considering whether the product has been marketed successfully), i.e. p=ps*s, ps for the market value of the evaluated product, ps for industry relative p/s (i.e. the peak sales of the purchase price/product) and ss for the peak sales of the valued product.
In terms of the distribution of ps coefficients, the distribution of listed varieties of ps is between 2.4 and 6.9 times higher than the distribution of clinical ii and ii periods, based on the system for the valuation of foreign innovation medicines, which we value on the basis of the company's research on innovation medicines, mainly based on the following two important fakes 1) domestic innovations are mainly “me-too” products, with a much higher probability of listing than overseas products of the same kind.
(a) Preclinical and clinical variety valuation levels are much higher than those of the products under study in the same period overseas, and methods for the valuation of clinical ii, iii and listed products abroad are applied;
Thus, the scarcity of domestic innovation medicines is significantly better than overseas, the premium value is higher, and the value of the ps is much better. Therefore, for the valuation of the products being studied by companies, we refer to the cases of overseas marketed varieties acquisition, p=ps*s* (the probabilities for future listing of the varieties). Given the scarcity of domestic innovation medicines, we think that they are available.
The value of the research and development platform is estimated at 98,988 million yuan. After almost 20 years of development, the company has declared a total of 38 1-type innovative pharmaceutical products, relying on them.
These varieties, the company has largely completed the construction of the Small and Big Molecular Innovative Medicines Research and Development Platform, the most efficient and productive research and development platform in the country today, and the core asset that underpins the company’s transition to innovation and internationalization. We anticipate that the company still has dozens of undeclared pre-clinical varieties that will be developed through the research and development platform.
In 2017, the company declared 13 new 1-type drugs. Each species declared a total of about 40 innovations, with an average value of 750 million yuan per species (about a quarter of the average value of the 2017 declared varieties), and we valued the entire research and development platform of the company at $30 billion.
Companies are at the forefront of domestic innovation development, with many of their heavy-pound innovation varieties about to be approved, and their market premiums are higher than those of other public authorities, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies have a large variety of innovative drug research and development, with a high degree of uncertainty about new drug development, and progress is lower than expected than with heavy-pound varieties.
The company's current main varieties are still dominated by generics, which are subject to price reductions and hospital re-arrangement in future bidding processes. The company has been approved in recent years for some of the new varieties that will be approved in the next three years and will be sold in the future.
(b) Third-party data from the hospital model hospital (pdb) and Emmes (ims) are used extensively in this analysis report, which is likely to be significantly different from the actual realized values in the future, given the uncertainties associated with the company's actual income and performance over the next five years, which are influenced by various objective factors;
Some of the data are sample hospital statistics, not actual data from industry and companies, and there are errors in actual data, and only a number of traditional anti-cancer varieties, such as 9.1 more Xitales, Oshalicons and others, have long supported the growth of the company.
Products: As a result of successive competitions and bid price reductions, sales of these products have stabilized in recent years, but sales have continued to grow in double digits and will continue to provide stable cash flows to companies in the future. Products such as Capitas, which have received relatively short approval times, have been able to grow at a relatively high rate owing to their low market share, and will tend to become larger varieties in the future.
Dositas: The company's brand of oncology medals is about to give way to Apadaloni. The drug, developed by Señorfi, is a semi-combined violet supple derivative of the compound extracted from the European berries of the Jaguar, which relies mainly on the filamentation and enrichment of cancer cells. The Dositas is a company's variety of medals, the commodity called Aísus, which was approved for market in 2002.
The market has been growing at a high rate, becoming the company’s largest sales species for many years, and with the rapid and powerful Apadaloni, it is expected that in 2017 the Dosita contest will be given its first place in the company’s sales ranking. The Dosita contest’s domestic market is second only to the market for purple sarcophagus and Pemeric Cube, at 7.0%, and in the domestic anti-cancer market, at 7.0%.
According to important figures, its anti-cancer spectrum and anti-cancer effects are more pronounced for curable breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, among others, and have a strong potential for clinical applications. According to imms data, the market end-market sales in Dosita in 2016 were about 3.3 billion yuan, and are still growing at an annual rate of more than 5%.
At present, 20 pharmaceutical companies in the country have been approved to produce lots for the Dosita competition, but the company relies on the initial advantage and the accumulated market-channel advantage of the company, which has long outperformed the former researcher, Señorfi, who has for many years been the market leader and leader of the product. The company’s Dosita sales have been marked by the increasing number of domestic competitions and the continuing impact of bid cuts.
Having reached the highest level in history, sales are no longer increasing at a significant rate, and it is expected that the species will maintain its current sales over the next three years: the largest in the country, with a high rate of urban dominance, and still strong growth. Eliukon is a stomatase inhibitor, which is uniquely associated with stomatases, thus preventing the stomatase from repairing the dna gap, leading to the death of the cells.
Eliucane is a wide-range anti-cancer drug with extensive in vitro activity in colons, stomachs, pancreas, lung, breast, ovarian, cervical and horizontal muscular tumor cells. Approved by the EU in 1999 and approved by fda in 2000 as a cure for late-transfered rectum cancer. 2009 edition of nccn (United States National Comprehensive Cancer Guide).
As a first-line treatment for non-small-cell lung cancer, small-cell lung cancer, and esophagus cancer, among others. The company, the largest global sales of about US$ 1 billion and the domestic market of about US$ 1 billion, has grown over the years, with about US$ 500 million in 2016 in sample hospital data.
It shows that the market for company products, which was more than 50% in 2014, has been rising further in recent years, and in 2016, it has been pemon winterases: the first line of medicine for acute lymphocyte leukaemia in children, which is exclusive to the domestic market. Pemen winterase (the commodity is called oncaspar), approved by fda in 1994, is used for the first line of treatment for acute leukemia in children (all).
A winterase is an enzyme formulation made from a covalent combination of the left-stirent amitomerase and a certain amount of active polyethylene (peg) 5000. A tumor cell cannot synthesize its own amino acid acetylamine necessary to grow, and must rely on host supplies. The primary energy causes the hydrolysis of a door amphetamine and the lack of a doornodoxine in a tumor cell, which inhibits growth.
The company, the sole approved company in the country, was used mainly for the first-line treatment of children’s acute lymphocyte leukemia (all) patients. The drug quickly took over the domestic market after it was marketed in 2009, and its market share far exceeded that of Mentonymase.
The enzyme can also be used for adults and clinically also for non-Hoochkin lymphoma and acute bone marrow leukaemia. There is still much room for the future for the country’s approximately 11,000 new children who are sick each year, based on an average of $50,000 per patient per year for treatment, and more than $500 million in the domestic market.
DJO: Short time on the market, fast amount. DJO is an oral anti-cancer compound for urinary derivatives. It is a complex formulation made up of PV, GJ and potassium Otherasi, mainly based on a combination of inhibition of tumor cell dna, which is an anti-cancer drug. GJO is mainly used to treat local late-stage treatments that cannot be removed.
At present, the domestic market is worth more than $2 billion. The new Shandong drug industry was first replicated in 2008, with the city taking the lead over other businesses, and in 2010 the company was first produced with Chiru.
Batch. After many years of competition, the company’s market share has become stable at around 20%, with the number of stomach cancer patients in the country increasing and acne: breast cancer treatments are heavy pounds, and there is much room for import substitution. Arsenium is a new generation of aromatic enzyme inhibitors for artificially synthesized triazole derivatives, aromatic americases that reduce estrogen levels, thereby eliminating estrogen.
The most important drug for the treatment of the endocrine treatment of estrogen-positive breast cancer is the fda, which was approved by Novartis, in 1997. The company is the first in the country, the market is strong after listing, and the city is ranked second in the country, following the original research product in 2016.
The company’s product is about $12 per piece, and the market for the company’s product is already selling more than the original product and more than 50% of the market. Luctomium is an important product in the company’s anti-cancer product line, and according to the ims terminal data, the company’s sales in 2016 are estimated to be about $470 million, and it is expected to maintain an increase of about 15% in the future.
Carpetian is a fourth generation of fluorinated urinary anti-decomposition anti-cancer drug, which can be transformed into a 5-fluorescent thorium in the body, which can contain cell divisions and interfere with the rna and protein synthesis.
He won the urinary products, and Capayatian has the advantages of higher efficacy, less toxic side effects, and easier use, mainly for late-stage or transient breast cancer, rectum cancer, colon cancer, and stomach cancer, and is a new standard drug for gastrointestinal assisted chemotherapy. Global sales peaked at $1.69 billion in 2013 and were officially marketed in the country in 2001.
Now the domestic market is at around $2 billion, and the former researcher, Rhodes, is still in the bulk of the market, company and Chiru, and three generics are still in the middle of a rapid rise.
In 2016, the company’s market share was 9.6%, and the market’s share is expected to rise further. Capeta is one of the fastest-growing varieties of company-approved products in recent years. According to imms, the company’s product has been rapidly released since it was marketed in 2013, and sales from 2014 to 2016 have increased from about 55 million.
Oshalicon: The first advantage is clear. Market competition and bid-down pressure. The platinum compounds are clinical anti-cancer therapy. The two most widely applied and anti-cancer varieties of platinum compounds are platinum and platinum. The company Osaliplatin is the first in the country, with a clear market advantage. But similar to Dosita, they are subject to competition and bid-downs.
The platinum compound is a typical highly therapeutic, highly toxic chemotherapy drug. The platinum drug has a clear treatment effect on a variety of tumours, but it also has obvious toxic side effects, evident bone marrow inhibition, kidney toxicity, digestive toxicity, etc.
chemotherapy is one of the four main methods of current clinical treatment (surgery removal, release, chemotherapy, and target-oriented treatment) while platinum drugs are the most widely used chemotherapy drugs.
Of that amount, Oshalicon has become the largest drug in sales, accounting for 60.7% of the total sales of anti-cancer drugs in 2016 and an absolute advantage in the market for anti-cancer drugs.
The company and the Nanjing pharmaceutical factory, among others, were the first home-grown companies to be approved for this type of product in the country. Imported products were relatively low in terms of prices, and the national product Oshalicon quickly gained a market-based advantage; overall sales fell year after year, owing to the large difference between the prices of the original product and the prices of the national product and the impact of multiple rounds of bidding. In 2012-2016, the corporate product was the same.
The hospital’s sales were gradually reduced from 270 million yuan to 230 million yuan, the city’s share from 35.2 per cent to 23.7 per cent, and further downward pressure on competition with national products, future sales of corporate products and the city’s share remains. Oshalicon is one of the most competitive products in the company’s entire product, with more than 30 firms approved.
The market is competitive, and the price reductions of multiple rounds of bidding have made the company’s sales less efficient. According to an analysis of the price reductions of the company’s Osali platinum products since 2009, there is a certain amount of price reductions per year, except for 2015, for dry powder, which is essentially low each time.
It's almost five times the second price, and dozens of times the lowest price. Figure 23 of the appendix shows that the average unit price for the sale of Oshalicon, a sample hospital of 2017q1, in addition to the larger variety of Dositas, Eliacang, Osalicon, etc.
Anti-cancer products such as phosphamide, calcium folic acid, and neighbouring products, which are relatively small in sales, some of which have been gradually replaced by new products due to their length of time on the market, are non-core company anti-cancer products. 9.2 Heavy weight anti-cancer drugs are about to be approved.
Prominently, the pd-1, the dichotomy, is expected to be marketed, and these heavy-pound drugs will become the core of the company's growth in its performance over the years and will further enrich the company's anti-cancer product lines; according to our projections, the peak sales of these varieties are expected to be over $10 billion.
9.2.1 Clodeni - Clinical data on breast cancer ii are reported with an overpredictable rate of approval. Breast cancer is the leading case of cancer in women and the first “killer” in women's health. At the beginning of 2017, the National Cancer Centre, Hertzer, Professor Chen Wanqing and others published "Cancerindicenceandmortalityinchinain 2013:an
The study analyses the incidence of malignant tumours in China in 2013. In 2013, the incidence of breast cancer among women in China was 41.7 per 100,000, and it is still at the top of the list of tumours among women.
Breast cancer is relatively heterogeneous and is a non-placular disease. With the rapid development of molecular biology, more and more attention is being paid to the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer's molecular indicators and their respective molecular patterns. The clinical focus is on three types of breast milk.
Gland cancer molecular markers: estrogenreceptor, er, progesteronereceptor, pr, and human skin growth factor receptor 2 (her-2). Different treatments have been developed for breast cancer molecules.
The number of breast cancer cases is 20-30%. Her2 diagnosis is used to determine whether the patient is expressed in her2.
Currently, several pharmaceutical companies have developed multiple-target drugs for breast cancer, most of which are targeted at her2 and are used to treat her2 positive expressions. Rhode Pharmaceuticals has become the most powerful drug in the field of her2 positive breast cancer treatment, with her3 antiher2 global sales amounting to $9.6 billion in 2016;
Phoebe's Papposini is on the market, bringing the treatment of her2 negative breast cancer to the target age. The company's first declaration was made in May 2011 and the first clinical release was granted in May 2012.
The latest data from the heart (cde) show that the declared production (nda) of this species has been accepted (case Nos. cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014) if it is approved successfully, or if it will be the company’s third innovative drug.Pyrotinib is a oral, irreversible, pan-erbb receptor amino acid hormone inhibitor (tki).
At present, there are gsk Lapateni and Puma, the same global range as the porcelain target, which is adapted to similar conditions, and gsk, which was approved by gsk in 2007 for maintenance after her 2-positive breast cancer was treated in Hessettine standard.
Ni and Lapateni are closer, and the pharmaceutical itself has a compound properties more similar to those of Lapateni, so we believe that Dani is a heavy, innovative drug whose combined effect is between Lapateni and Linatoni. After long follow-up and follow-up, the company’s published clinical data on the thorium was much more effective than those published in the early stages.
In the clinical trials for breast cancer patients who had failed to treat lysium and violet drugs and who had no more than 2 lines of re-emerging/transferary chemotherapy, 78.5 per cent for the diocloni group, 57.1 per cent for the Rapateni group and about 21 per cent for the delta group; and 18.1 months for the dichoni group's median no-progress survival period (pfs).
The pfs of the Rapatoni group are 7.0 months, and the Pfsfsbylapaden group has been significantly extended; the Pygmy group has decreased the patient ' s progress or risk of death by 63.7 per cent compared to the La Pateni group, and while the patient ' s efficacy has been improved, the cfda website ' s clinical information registration platform information shows that there are nine registered clinical trials at the time of registration.
From February 2014 to June 2017. From a point of time, given the longer time it takes for a clinical patient to be in the group, neither the period of registration in 2016 nor the period of clinical trials in 2016 and beyond is currently possible to complete: therefore, we conclude that the clinical data used by the company to report production is likely to be the "Male sodium dyslexic co-capetrator" registered in June 2015.
In the case of the successful approval of the / clinical study for the treatment of her2 sexually transmitted breast cancer (Clinical Test Registration No. ctr20150279), the lini will be the first innovative species in the company ' s history and the second in the country (the first in Cedarbinamine, approved in December 2014).
Based on the clinical registration information of Valetini, breast cancer is the most registered and most advanced adaptive disease in clinical trials, so breast cancer will be the first to be approved. At the same time, the company is actively engaged in lung and stomach cancer.
In the clinical trials, we believe that the company will use breast cancer as an adaptive entry point for pneumoconi, which will gradually expand to cancers with higher egfr and her2 expression rates, such as lung cancer, stomach cancer, etc. The pelicanis will focus on breast cancer adaptation, which will be extended to treatment for stomach and lung cancer.
The market space for breast and stomach cancer is over $11 billion, and in the future it is expected to add to other tumours, such as lung cancer, that the market space for the future will be huge, with peak sales expected to be over $3 billion, which is expected to contribute $1 billion. 9.2.2 Sulphur pedagogy-star long-acting white medicine, with a good pattern of competition in the country.
Tumorization therapy usually kills normal cells by mistake or causes bone marrow inhibition, causing a significant reduction in white cells, causing complications such as infection, fever, and forcing the interruption of chemotherapy, or even endangering the life of patients. The particle-cell concentration incentive factor (g-csf) is a sugar protein, which primarily works on the bone marrow-based grande cells, which contribute to the growth, fragmentation and maintenance of mature, neutral particle cells.
Functionality and survival accelerates the entry of mature neutral particle cells into outer blood, rapidly increasing the number of white cells in outer blood, and, with extensive clinical application, g-csf has become the most effective means of preventing and treating the reduction of indencially induced particle cells. g-csf, as the first clinical guide in the country and abroad, promotes neutral particle cell-reducing drugs related to chemistrysis, including short and long-lasting effects.g-csf
Two types, long-acting g-csf, are prepared mainly through polyethylene distillation. Short-acting g-csf needs to be given 1 to 2 times a day during each chemotherapy cycle, while polyethylene ethanolification g-csf often only needs to be given one time in a chemotherapy cycle.
In 2002, the long-acting agent model developed by Entrenza (extension of polyethylene diol (peg) modifiers for particle cell irritation factors to extend its metabolite time in the body) was approved by fda for listing under the name neulasta. Three years after Neulasta went on the market, it exceeded neupogen.
In 2016, the short-acting neupogen accounted for only 14% of the company’s overall sales of the drug. In 1993, the Japanese Association for the Importation of Valium into the company’s short-acting g-csf product (Hel's blood) was registered.
Businesses have been approved for short-lived g-csf drugs. However, the country’s long-acting type has been on the market relatively late, with only Sumi (Prait Group 100-gram organisms) and Siobi (Zirou Pharmaceuticals) currently approved in 2011 and Siobi marketed in 2015; and imports of long-acting products have not yet been approved in the country.
g-csf has been on the market in China for more than 20 years, and in 2005-2016, the number of g-csfs in sample hospitals in the country increased from 290 million yuan to 720 million yuan, magnifying the size of the market by about 3 billion yuan; from sample hospital data analysis, the country’s short-lived g-csf market has been relatively saturated, and growth has been almost stagnant for the last four years.
Market leaders, sample hospitals, have reached 45.2%, far ahead of imports and other domestic firms. In terms of foreign development experience, long-acting g-csf will replace short-acting products and become market mainstream, and the domestic g-csf market is facing an opportunity to upgrade.
Lately, almost all g-csf products in the country are short-lived products: short-lived products have stagnated from market acceleration analysis, long-acting products are growing rapidly, gradually replacing short-acting products; long-acting g-csf sample hospitals were sold in 2012-2016, with company-owned long-acting g-csf (Sulfur Pephictan, 19k) as an important complement to the company ' s anti-cancer product line.
The therapeutic variety, which connects 20k pegs to the n end of g-csf by covalent ammonium keys, has a long-acting g-csf product with autonomous intellectual property rights. Clinical trials show that the company 's 19k product has essentially the same effect as the original neulasta. 19k acquired a new ho generic name, not a neulasta imitator, but a new drug for the long-acting g-csf family.
There are several companies in the country that declare long-lived white products, and the company’s products are the most advanced and are expected to be the country’s third long-acting white product in the short term. 19k will be listed as the main acupuncture drug for non-small-cell lung cancer and breast cancer chemotherapy, with a projected dose specification and a similar level of treatment.
New non-small-cell lung cancers and breast cancers in the country are estimated at 600,000 and 300,000 people each year, with each patient going through three to four chemotherapy cycles, each of which leads to the use of leaching white products. The company is assumed to have a 19-k price of $10,000 per feed (the original research product is about US$ 4,800/year, the national product is about US$ 6 mg) and the company’s product is expected to be about US$ 8,000 per product.
The annual peak sales of more than 200,000 users will contribute more than $2 billion in sales revenue. 9.2.3 U.S. supreme (protein combination) – a relative gap in the domestic market, where the advantages of national imitation products are evident.
Listed as abraxane, Celgene acquired abraxis in 2010 with $2.9 billion in initial payments to include abraxane in its income bag. The first approved abraxane was transferred breast cancer, which has now been expanded to non-minus lung and pancreas cancer. As the adaptive disease continues to grow, sales of this species have increased, and the global sales in 2016 have increased.
The global sales of this species are expected to reach $2 billion by 2020. Currently, the global sales of Utherol drugs are about $5 billion, with a protein-type ratio of about 23 per cent and a protein-type ratio of up to 40 per cent by 2020.
Better treatments, better water solubility, and the advantages of the least toxic side effects. The traditional type of agent is the solubility of sapol in ethanol and argon.
Quantified lipids need to be metabolized, with other side effects. The protein type does not require de-sensorization, precisely because of its low side effects, it increases patients’ resistance to doses, and the increase in resistance to violet supremol increases its therapeutic effects.
There are good chemotherapy effects in the treatment of tumours, and their future adaptive conditions will continue to grow. According to the celigene annual report, more than 10 pre-clinic and clinical research projects have been conducted on abraxane, of which a melanoma is already in bed iii and pancreas cancer-assisted treatment is about to enter its third phase; in addition, clinical studies of three adaptive disorders, namely, breast cancer and bladder cancer, are being developed.
Abraxane declared its import in the country in 2006 and was listed in the cfda country in 2008 for treatment of transferred breast cancer or breast cancer from assisted chemotherapy failure within six months, and other adaptive disorders have not yet been approved.
According to ims, domestic sales in 2016 abraxane amounted to about $320 million and the domestic market is still in the process of being released; while the total domestic product of violet ol ims amounted to about $6.2 billion, abraxane amounted to only 5.2 per cent, which is related to the global market, where the original research product is still being sold, which is related to the company ' s weaker sales base in the country, as well as its high product base.
The price of each bottle of abraxane (100 mg) is about $5,800 per bottle, an average of $58/mg, the highest price of the same type of product, with patients using about 4 bottles for each course of treatment at a cost of 23,000 yuan per treatment. The high price makes the original product sold far less than the normal agent type and the lipid type, so that in the future, imitated products will be marketed.
More flexibility at the level of market pricing will soon be achieved, and rapid release will be achieved, with a three-pronged approach to the general agent and the lipid agent patterns. The superiority of purple filamentol (the protein-combined) as an improved varieties of the traditional agent type has already been recognized in the market.
Since January 2013, when the 5 varieties declared by the Haizheng Pharmacy industry were processed, there are seven companies in the country that will still be developed and declared.
The second type of adaptive is still pending in the various countries, and domestic enterprises generally make simultaneous declarations under categories 1.6, 3.4 and 6; of these, 1.6 and 3.4 are for new adaptive conditions that have not been approved in the country and have been approved abroad, and 6 are for those that have been approved in the country.
According to the latest (Twentyth) Priority Review Circular issued by the Pharmacy Center, the Hinshire Medicines and Pharmacy Group ' s purple filament (protein combination type) is included in the Priority Review Channel, which portends that domestic replicas of this variety are officially entering the final stage of the Review of Production approval. We believe that, in accordance with the current central review policy, the company and the Pharmacy Group will be the first in the country to be the original product.
The company has the most complete anti-cancer product line in the country and the largest anti-cancer sales team, and the combined anti-cancer power has been ranked first in the country for many years, if the product of purple filamentol (protein-combined) has been approved, and it cannot compete directly with the company for a short period of time.
Based on imms data, it is assumed that the total market for all of the country’s violets is about 9 billion yuan, and that the future market for violet proteins is expected to reach a third of its total size, becoming a heavy-pound species with sales of over $3 billion. After approval, the product will be a public pound anti-cancer drug variety.
9.2.4pd-1 mono-revolutionary anti-cancer drugs, the first target pd-1/pd-l1 in the country is expected to be one of the transmission routes of the immuno-censorship (immunetecheckpointinhibitors), which can be defined simply as the signal circuit of the t-cell surface that inhibits its activation and participates in the immune response.
The two different mechanisms of anti-cancer immune signals, i.e., co-incentive signals and co-inflammation signals, together form the “checkpoints” for oncological cell immunization. In normal cases, co-incentive signals are activated, as in the case of oncological immunity, as in the case of oil gates, as in the case of co-repressive signals, as in the case of oncological immunity, as in the case of brakes.
The t-cell identification and immunisation of tumor cells are regulated. Every day, a quantitative number of tumor cells are produced in healthy humans, all of which can be identified by t-cells; when the human immune system is low, the tumor cells are prone to immune escape, and the t-cell recognition is escaped and slowly increases eventually develop into malignant neoplasms.
Newly activates the thongs by stepping on the throes to activate the inhibited co-incentive signal circuits and unplug the activated co-repressive signal circuits and eventually re-invigorates the immune screening point. pd-1 is a membrane protein receptor, a key point in regulating the functioning of the immune cells, mainly active t-cells.
And b cells express that function is to inhibit the activation of t cells, which is a normal mechanism of self-resistance in the immune system, because molecules can express the formulations of pd-1 pd-l1 and pd-l2, causing the pd-1 signal circuit in the tumor microscopic environment to continue active, the t-cell function to inhibit and incapacitate the tumor cells.
The t-cell function allows these cells to continue killing and injuring tumor cells. The large number of early research and clinical trials of nivolumab and oncological immunotherapy approved by Precious and Merk are dominated by U.S. university research institutes, small biotech companies, and large pharmaceutical companies.
The pd-1 receptor was discovered in 1992 by Professor Tasukuhonjo of Kyoto University of Japan, while the pd-l1 formulation was discovered in 1999 by Professor Leping, a distinguished Chinese scientist. The top prize in oncological immunology, the William Coley Prize, was awarded by two Asian scientists for oncological treatment.
The development of the pd-1 antibodies started in 2005, when the first clinical trials were conducted in 2006 by Japanese Ono Pharmaceuticals and American Medarex Pharmaceuticals, with surprising results. In 2009, Pepsi Precious Inc. spent $2.4 billion to buy Medarex, which will be part of the net worth of the pd-1 antibodies project; and in the same year, Merk bought the pregent.
Pd-1 mk-3475. In September and December 2014, Merk and Xugubao obtained fda approval to market their respective pd-1 antibodies. pd-1/pd-l1 is a landmark anti-cancer drug that is not directly involved in the suppression of tumor cells, but indirectly.
To identify and kill tumor cells by activating the human immune system. Following the 2014 pd-1 protest, pd-l1 also became available. In May 2016, pd-l1 of Roth was marketed with a trade called tecentriq, while Pfizer and Asli Conn's pd-l1 was approved in March and May 2017, and the global immunization market became more competitive than ever before.
Globally, the development of immune treatment products, dominated by pd-1/pd-l1, has been one of the most popular areas in the country for nearly two years. Currently, several companies in the country have declared Pd-1 and pd-l1, the first companies in the country to declare pd-1 (shr-1210) and pd-l1 (shr-1316), both of which are currently products.
Clinics have been approved, and clinical trials have been actively pursued. In 2015, the company granted the exclusive overseas R & D and marketing rights of Shr-1210 to Inc. incyte in the United States, which received $795 million in mileage, including the first payment of $25 million, as the country’s first authorized drug innovation abroad.
Pd-1/pd-l1 units have a strong synergy with the company's anti-cancer product line. As a result of the pd-1/pd-l1 units that are resistant to anti-cancer processes by activating human body t cells, this type of immunotherapy drug has become a “100-pack” anti-cancer variety with a wide range of combination treatments for various types of tumours, which can be closely coordinated with traditional anti-cancer drugs.
Pilot project analysis, the company has already conducted multiple clinical trials on pd-1 resistance in combination with several different drugs, and in the future, the company will conduct more joint pd-1 resistance clinical trials, which will include a combination of "pd-1+ido inhibitors" that have achieved good results overseas.
The combination of "pd-1+ido inhibitors" had great potential. In March 2017, company product shr 9146 was approved by the fda bed, with a clinical batch first obtained in the country. Shr 9146 was a powerful small molecule, ido inhibitor, known as thiazine 2.3-bisaoxyase, expressed in highs in multiple tumor cells and antigen formulation cells, over-expression can suppress tumor cells.
Immunisation, an important small molecular control target for oncological immunotherapy. US Inc. developed the world’s first ido inhibitor (epacadostat), which is already in the iii phase of clinical research in the United States; newlink co-issued gdc-0919 in conjunction with Rhodes, which is in the i phase of clinical trials in the United States; and company shr 9146 is still the first development in the country.
ido inhibitor, with a clear future synergy with pd-1 units.
♪ with pembroizumab head ♪ ♪ with pembrozumab ♪
Melanomaincompination with Pembrolizumab cho
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't know, renalcancerincompination inhematologyandoncology with pembrolizumab
Heave and neckcancerincomparison between nivolumab non-smallcelllungcancerin
By December 2017, he had been approved for nine adaptives, including non-small cell lung cancer, liver cancer, colon cancer, etc., and will be approved for more adaptives in the future. The company's pd-1 clinic is well under way, and it's now adapted to stomach and lung cancer.
We expect the company pd-1 to be on the market at 2018q1 and the first one is expected to be Hodgkin lymphoma and nasal cancer, which will be supplemented with requests for lung, liver, stomach cancer and so on. Based on the nine adaptations that have been approved for the original research product, opdivo, new cases are added every year in the country.
The total number of patients exceeds 1.6 million, or 400,000 if calculated at a 25 per cent rate of effectiveness; if the company is successful in obtaining these adaptations, assuming that the cost per patient is 125,000 yuan per year, the company's product peak, calculated at 10 per cent penetration rate, will reach $5 billion.
The right beauty is a highly selective adrenaline anaesthetist developed by Yape and Finland’s Orion Corporation (procedex), 1999.
In December, fda approved a short-term serenity for intensive care treatment of patients’ trachea tubes and use of respirators. In 2009, the drug was placed on the market in China, and cfda approved an adaptation certificate for full-body anaesthesia patients’ trachea tubes and mechanical air conditioning.
The effects are significantly better than those of benzodiazepines, such as mida herl: (1) the awakening time is shorter than mida herl and so on: (2) the negative effects, such as the absence of respiratory inhibition, are good on the basis of their subservientness: (3) good calming and pain reduction, reducing patient heart rates. So, right-wing Metomi has been selling fast and has become the country ' s fourth largest clinical anaesthesia and auxiliary species since it was introduced in 2009.
In 2012-2016, sales at the right US sample hospital rose from 130 million yuan to 630 million yuan, with a compound growth rate of 48.4%. The company established its first counterfeit drug in 2009 in the domestic market, and only four firms in the country are now approved for listing, with a good pattern of competition.
In 2017, the species was included in the national health catalogue of class B drugs, and the company’s products are expected to continue to grow strongly in the future, with peak sales exceeding $2 billion. According to ims, in 2016, the company’s sales to the right were over $1 billion.
Heptafluoroanes - an absolute market advantage. Heptafluoroanes were first listed in Japan by jons in 1993, company products in 2007, the first in the country, and the current market for heptafluoroalkanes is about 2 billion yuan. In 2012-2016, the hospital increased its sales from 420 million yuan to 660 million yuan, with a composite increase of 12%. In November 2015, the company acquired heptafluoroane.
The fda approves that sales are expected to continue to be high in the coming years as the total number of surgeries increases in the country and the US market expands, similar to other anaesthesias, with heptafluorone markets concentrated, and the company’s dominant advantage is clear. The company’s output is increasing at a significantly faster rate than that of other companies in the country, and the city’s share is rising, with the company’s sample hospital having increased to 57.6% in 2016.
Ammonium with a capricorn -- a fast-growing mytholycerin. The mythology is an N2 choline receptor retardant, which is selective in carrying the ne2 receptor on the nerve ender, which interrupts the impulse of the nerve to the musculoskeletal muscles, leading to a loss of muscle. The muscle relaxing required for tube plugs and chest surgery is applied to the muscle depolarized neuromustagonist to assist full-body anesthesia.
Aerobic tube infusion is easy to perform and can relax the bone muscle during surgery or control of venting. The mythology can be divided into depolar and depolarized. The ammonium ammonium is a smooth rotation in the ammonium arcium and semi-isomers of the arcium isomer, and the photoisomer is a nondepolar mesothone. The ammonium ammonium is a very effective, efficient, quick recovery and non-accumulation.
With the advantage of not releasing group ammonium, with minor cardiovascular effects, no toxicity to metabolic products and no myocardial loose effects, it is currently the best mytholymptomy for bedtime.
In 2016, 72.7% of the total number of ammonium sample hospitals in the city was higher than in the rest of the country than in the case of a membrane drug, and in 2006 it was acquired by the company itself as the best in the country. The market for ammonium ammonium in the domestic market was about 2 billion yuan, with the company’s product market taking a large share.
In 2016, with 66.8% of the city’s share, the company’s sales of ammonium ammonium in Autumn have passed by 1 billion yuan in 2016 because of its excellent clinical performance and its strong clinical alternatives to traditional products, and it is expected that the company’s products will continue to grow by about 10% in the future.
The company has three of the top four markets for anaesthesia and assistive drugs (with the exception of C phenols), all of which are the first in the market and far ahead of others (including foreign companies), and has become a veritable leader in the field of vernacular drugs. In addition to the three heavy-pound products, the company has a range of clinical anaesthesia products.
Co-constitutes a strong central line of neurological products. 9.4 Shapes - a fast-growing projectile tap Iodine Buddhistol: still the first in the country, import substitution effects are clear, and the city is far ahead.
Angioplasty, head and body urinary urinary urinary phantom, childhood cardiovascular, head phantom, etc. of the vascular system. The incidence and severity of the adverse effects of iodine folcol as a non-ion-type contraster is significantly lower than that of ion.
The country’s first counterfeit drug was marketed in 2006, and its marketing structure has been strengthened since the company’s products were marketed. Market sales have grown rapidly, and they are now the company’s core. The current sale of a sample hospital for iodized Buddhist alcohol is at $410 million, and the market is about the size of the country’s main competition for iodized fol, which is about 1.5 times the size of iodized fol, or 2.5 billion yuan.
Given that the safety of iodized ethanol is better than that of iodized kelp, the future market of 2.5 billion iodized kelp will be taken over step by step, such as iodized ethanol, which is the company’s largest film-making agent, the company’s most important marketing variety for many years, has been on the market for the first time in the country, and the city’s share is rising. In the short term, there will be no second imitation product on the domestic market.
The company’s products will continue to maintain their iodine gram sarcophagus: the company’s second largest growing kind of film agent. Iodine gramol is a non-ion, double, hexa-iodine, water solubility x-line imager, with a strong clinical use compared to whole blood and other corresponding specifications of non-ion monofiltor.
Iodine sarol water solutions have a low permeability pressure and are currently the only contrasting agents that can be used for e.g. clinical use in adults, cardiovascular, cerebral, periline, etc. The relative risk of renal disease (cin) as compared to iodized seawater can be significantly reduced and the benefits for diabetic kidney patients are higher, especially for those at high risk of cin, diabetic patients, diabetic patients, etc.
The company was approved in 2010 and relied on the company’s market-based advantage of iodized frothol accumulation.
In 2012-2016, sales at the company ' s iodized salol sample hospital rose rapidly from RMB 10 million to RMB 300 million: the company ' s products were quickly replaced by imported products, with the city ' s share having reached 53% in 2016, going beyond ge-health and rising further in the future.
According to ims, the company would have sold more than $1 billion in the next three years, and the city would be far ahead of other markets. Plutonite: the country’s best model, with a clear import substitution advantage.
Paranoids are the only ion ring containing combinants, have good stability, are generally superior to similar mri imaging agents in terms of stability and safety, and to date no negative renal source system fibrosis (nsf) response reports have been reported, and belong to the low risk group of Nsf.
Plutonium pertinent acid was developed by the French company Guerbet, which was listed in France in 1989 and entered the domestic market in 2010; before 2015, the domestic market for palamine pertinent acid was monopolized by the company Capacitate, but the market as a whole was less than $50 million. In 2015, the company was approved as the country’s best model company; in 2016, the company’s model hospital for pinehamphetamine.
With 3 million yuan sold, the market share is 31.1%, and the domestic market for nuclear magnetic film agents will grow faster as Mri becomes more widely available in the country. According to the ims, the company ' s product of platinum phosphate will be rapidly released, and sales are expected to reach 350 million yuan in 2022.
Poppy iodized oil injection fluids: excellent varieties for intervention in the treatment of mammography and liver cancer. The adaptation of the iodized fluids to X-line diagnostics is a positive imager. These are mainly used for bronchography, uterus tubing, nasal, mumps and other cavity and hysteria tubes, and can also be used for the treatment of embolism for liver malignant tumours.
The company was approved in September 2016 for the treatment of iodine-deficiency diseases and lymphoma, which will be used mainly for clinical intervention embolism treatment for liver cancer. Poppy iodide is an ultra-liquid iodized oil variety with the following advantages compared to other iodized oils in the course of liver cancer intervention: it is small and can achieve end-of-curve plugging and selective deposition in the tumor group.
Ten thousand people, about 20% of primary liver cancer, can be treated with intervention ulcer; therefore, when poppy iodide oil is on the market, it will bring new and high-quality alternatives to the treatment of liver cancer, and it will lead to a fast-tracking of the product. According to ims, the company will be able to use poppy B.
Iodine oil was marketed and sold at around $20 million in July 2017. The country has a high incidence of liver cancer, with about 400,000 new liver cancer cases per year. The market for liver cancer treatment is about $1.2 billion, based on the cost of treatment per patient, and, in combination with the film market, has a total market size of over $1.5 billion; in 2022, it is also expected to reach the same level.
The variety is used mainly for the match enhancement of the brain and spinal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and for the comparison of MRI imaging (ce-mra).
At present, the company is the only national imitation declaring company of this type and will be the first in the country to have a 9.5-rich anti-infection product line in the next year, Kratocin, the company's largest anti-infection species.
Both the aerobic and anaerobic gland positive and negative microbes are effective for this substance, which is a wide spectrum antibiotic. More than 20 enterprises in the country have been approved for production, and competition has been intense, but the market is concentrated in the form of a buffer.
The company Kramoxin is a slow-down agent. There is an overall slight increase in sales at the Kramoxin sample hospital, which in 2016 sold a total of $310 million; subject to competition and bid price reductions, the company's products have been sold flat for almost five years, and the sample hospitals have been able to sell their products.
The 4th generation of herbicides, which was developed jointly by the biological company, was listed in Japan in 1998. The country has approved the production of 3 of the 4th generation of herbicides listed on the market, idioms and cerebrals, the first two of which have been listed by a number of companies, and the company head is still the only species in the country.
Many bacterial infections, such as pneumococcus, are the company’s second largest anti-infection product. From 51 million to 140 million yuan in 2012-2016, the sale of sample hospital head money rose by 25% in four years, and it was so expensive for a species that had been on the market for more than 10 years.
Datomoxin: The new NHS catalogue, “super antibiotics” is expected to be rapidly released. Datomoxin is the second generation of sugar-based antibiotics, followed by Vancumoxin, the first product of the cyclic antibiotic family, and the mode of action is different from any approved antibiotics, the only new structural antibiotics applied in clinical settings for nearly four decades, after antibiotics such as poxone.
It can destroy bacterial cell membrane functions in many ways, thereby quickly killing “superbacterial bacteria” such as golden-coloured grapes, which in the future are expected to be an effective complement to and substitute for vagicillin, which was developed by the United States company Cubist and was marketed by fda in 2003 and is now in more than 40 countries around the world.
The company was approved in November 2016, and the company was approved at the end of September 2016. In terms of sales, the domestic market for datocin has not been opened as compared to the global market, owing to the weak domestic promotion of the research company, the high price of the product, the price of the product, and the fact that the domestic market for datocin was not opened in 2016.
The hospital sells only $10 million. Datomoxin is a new version of the 2017 National Health Insurance Directory, the domestic market will be opened up quickly, or it will become a 2 billion dollar variety, and the company, thanks to its first-class academic outreach, is expected to achieve 50% net capofine: a heavy-pound anti- fungus infection drug is approved. According to WHO, people die every year from fungi infection around the world.
As many as 1.35 million people, almost the same as tuberculosis-related deaths, suffer from severe fungi infections, which are mainly responsible for immuno-deficiency, particularly HIV carriers, AIDS, and oncology, followed by tuberculosis. Despite the high incidence and poor prognosis of fungi infection, it is rarely brought to the attention of people or even health-care institutions, which has led to a further increase in the mortality rate from infection.
From the time of the discovery of amphibolins in the 1930s, anti-fungine drugs have been developed for almost 70 years. Clinically, fungi drugs are divided into three main types according to the mechanism of their effects: one type of anti-fungone drugs, which is used to synthesize sulfone in fungi membranes, including polyfoxin and other herbium-type drugs, such as herbicides, ketamine and so forth, and the other type of anti-fungone.
Finn et al. Second type: anti-fungular drugs that are used in fungi cell wall synthesis, such as the inhibition of cellulose synthesis in cell walls, and the suppression of photomoxin and polyoxymoxin in a few-butyl synthesis; third category: anti-fung drugs that are used in nucleic acid synthesis, such as the 5-fofon cellulose carpofon, is a completely new mechanism of anti-fungicry medicine that destroys the cell wall structure through the suppression of cellulose synthesis.
So it's designed to contain fungi infection, with hyperspectral resistance to fungi. Human cells don't contain cell walls, so they have less effect on the human body. Clinical safety and tolerance are good, mainly for adults and children: empirical treatment of neutral particles, reduction of cells, treatment of suspicious fungi infections by co-heating patients, which are ineffective or intolerant for other treatments.
Capofin was developed and marketed in 2001 by Merk in the United States, and the patent for compounds expired in 2013. By virtue of its excellent anti-fungile activity, Capofin became a net anti-fungile infection heavy-pound species with a global sales value of $560 million in 2016, the third largest anti-fungile product in the world.
In 2006, Capoven’s net domestic import, known as “Korss,” grew rapidly after being marketed, and in 2016 the entire market sold about $2 billion, which is now the country’s second-largest anti fungus drug.
In January 2017, the company became the first model company in the country, and the production of the product required low temperatures and high technical barriers, and the company is expected to become the country's only counterfeit pharmaceutical company in the longer term.
At present, there are about 46 million clinical surgeries per year in the country, and it is expected that 700,000 surgeries will use corporate products each year for anti-fungicial therapy, with a peak market sales of company products of over $1 billion based on $1,500/subuse costs. The net release of datomoxin and Capofin will effectively supplement the company’s anti-infection product line and drive the anti-infection business again.
According to sample hospital data, the sales of two products are expected to reach 130 million yuan and 200 million yuan respectively in 2017, and most of the 10 antibiotics approved by the company are highly competitive in the market, with smaller market sales except for Kramoxin, Capri, Datomoxin and Capophen.
9.6 The company focuses on biopharmaceuticals (9.6.1her2 single anti-and anti-coupled drug (adcs). Human skin growth factor (2/her2) is a family of surface growth factor receptors.
Phosphate acidification of the receptor sulphate and activation of multiple signals within the cell, leading to cellular growth and tumours, is currently expressed in 15-30% breast cancer and 10-30% stomach-tuberculosis cancer, while her expression is also common in tumours such as bladders, ovarians, intrauterine membranes, colons, lungs, and neck stencil cancers. Her 2 is typical of tumour predictions or subsequent sentencing.
Other biomarkers are also hot spots for oncological treatment drugs. Currently, the three heavy-pound biopharmaceuticals for her 2-point target are Rhodes products worldwide, with a combined market size of $8 billion in 2016, including trastuzumab, pertuzumab, and t-dm1 (kadcyla)
The scale of sales in 2016 was $5.63 billion, $1.66 billion and $750 million, respectively. There are currently no nationally produced drugs for her 2 targets in the country on the market, most of them in the clinical trial phase, and 23 projects in the country are now approved for clinical or production, of which 5 have been declared, 1 has dual-purpose antibodies and 17 have been declared.
The company’s shr-1309 injection fluids (Patolls) and its shr-a1201 (her2 anti-coupled drug) were approved in March 2017 and late 2016, respectively, and is expected to be marketed in 2019-2020.
The vegf intravascular growth factor is the most important angioplasty factor, while the new vegf is essential for the growth and transfer of tumours, which play an important role in the growth and transfer of tumors, thus becoming one of the most popular single anti-target sites for tumours. There are currently four single anti-drugs for vegf targets worldwide: the main one is:
Bevacizumab (avastin, bellestone), ranibizumab (lucentis, thunderball), aflibercept (elyea, Abesip) and conbercept (Rang Mu, Compsip). In 2016, the global market sizes were $5.94 billion, $3.46 billion and $5.46 billion, respectively, respectively.
US$2.47 billion, totalling approximately US$1.1460 billion. At the moment, the main adaptations approved by the Belfayel antifda are colon cancer, the main treatments approved by the Abesip and Thunderbolt antifda, and the typical domestic vegf, representing Composip, which was developed autonomously for the Hong Kong pharmaceutical industry, was marketed at the end of 2013 and sold to nearly 500 million people in 2016.
According to the official web site cfda, there are more than 20 companies in the country that declare that they have more than 10 drug companies that have declared their resistance.
9.6.2il-17a Single Resistance: The use of autoimmune disease has entered the il-17 monooplasty age.
It should be relevant that the causes of diseases such as silver scrap disease, rheumatism arthritis, and multiple sclerosis are the current hotspots for treatment of their own immune diseases. In January 2015, Novartis Cosentyx (secukinumab) was the first to be marketed globally.
Cosentyx has been granted treatment in the United States and the European Union for spot-type silver chip disease, silver chip disease arthritis (psa), and strong straight spinal disease (as). Following Novartis cosentyx’s approval, Gentaltz (ixekizumab) and valeant pharmaceutical silig (brodalumab) were approved publicly by fda in March 2016 and February 2017, respectively.
The single listing interrupted the market “monopoly” of the tnf-α inhibitor, giving new options for treatment of its own immune disease. Silverdust is a chronic immune-guided skin disease, with more than 130 million people in its prime, and about 6.5 million silver chip patients in the country.
Overseas il-17a products are priced at approximately $2.8-50,000 per year, assuming that the prices remain constant after future imports, assuming that public shir-1314 is priced at half of the value of imported products (approximately $100,000 per patient per year) and that corporate il-17a monocrome sales are expected to reach 2 billion per year, based on an annual coverage of 20,000 patients.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.