Three quarters of the profits were affected by the overhaul, and the Inner Mongolia project was launched on the evening of 31 October, with Bo Fung Energy issuing a three-quarter report in 2024, yielding $24,275 million, QA affecting the sale of polyolefins and a three-quarter decline in profits.
In terms of company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths, the carbon production/distribution ring ratio +0.30/-2.28 tons is relatively stable, based on the company ' s disclosed business data; the production/distribution ring ratio of polyvinyl hydrocarbons (sum of polyethylene and polypropylene) - 7.
65-8170,000 tons, with a decline in the ring ratio, mainly due to a three-quarter overhaul of the Ningdong III project, a unilateral fall in the price of coke and a downward adjustment in the price of coal from raw materials, a weak cost and a weak downstream demand. Polyfin plates, despite three-quarter crude oil prices, maintain a weak price margin.
Fluctuations are clear, but the overall price differential for coal-based hydrocarbons is relatively stable because of the relatively good supply and demand of polyolefins themselves, and the price does not follow the large fluctuations in crude oil. We believe that the oil-coal ratio will remain high throughout 2024, and that the larger caricature plates will be profitable for the company as a whole after the landfall of the Inner Mongolia Project.
According to the company’s semi-annual report, the investment in the NCM project is progressing well as planned.
By May 2024, the Inner Mon Company completed its loan operations to secure the follow-up funding requirements for the construction of the Inner Mon Project; as at the date of the semi-annual report, 70 per cent of the investment in the Inner Mon Project had been made available.
The first major milestone in the project's pilot vehicle work will be put into production in October, as planned. The Inner Moon project will provide the company with greater profitability, with performance on the new steps since 2024. In addition, the company will move ahead with priority construction projects such as needle-shaped coke and acetic ethylene, Ningdong, in an orderly manner.
The Xinjiang Coal Project initiated the EAC. On July 30, 2024, the Xinjiang Bo Fung Coal-based New Materials Project conducted an EAC project containing 4 x 2.8 million tonnes/year methanol, 4 x 1 million tonnes/year.
1.2 Quarter bright performance with Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin
Xinjiang's coal raw materials are abundant and cost advantages are significant and are expected to be significant cost advantages for the company's un3-high-oil coal.
Taking into account such factors as the overhaul of the company ' s three-phase project in Ningdong, double-focal price fallbacks, we expect that the company ' s (1) construction of new projects will be less advanced than expected; (2) prices of raw materials and products will fluctuate significantly;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.