The basic chemical industry has been operating steadily for a long period of time, and the cost advantage continues to be released. Three-quarter repairs have affected the production of acetylene and cost amortization has increased.
1. " Bo Fong Energy Company Review: Long-term stable operation, cost-consumptions to some extent affecting the production of acetylene, 3-quarter continued releases of polyethylene and polypropylene, respectively " , 2024.8.13
2. Bo Fong Energy Company Review: Coal Falls Low Profit, Fry Hydrocarbons Follow-up Maintenance of High Workloads, This Review has affected on the one hand the three-quarter gains. 2024.4.27
Revenue, coupled with an increase in the amortization of fixed costs and costs, led in part to a decline in revenue and profitability as the Goldstone Energy Corporation takes stock: The Rings continue to be good, and this year comes up with new amounts.
The crude oil price drops, the stage price spreads narrow, and the demand for carcinogens does not support much of the pressure. The oil price drops in the late three quarters, causing a fall in the price of the acetylene, which is the price of polypropene based on the company's average price of three quarters.
The adjustment was relatively small, with the polyethylene ring below about 277 yuan per tonne, while the price of coal in the third quarter rose by about 4.7 yuan per ton compared to the second quarter based on the price of the Ordos coal pit, which led to a fall in corporate profits on the aromatic hydrocarbons; and the caricature plate company still had the
However, the price pressure on coke is relatively high due to insufficient demand for downstream steel, with a narrow profit margin for single coke, a small drop in the price of stacked coal, and a compressed profit from the company's own coal supply.
The company's three-quarter profit margin drops down, with the company's overall Māori rate of about 34.12% in the three-quarters, 3 million tons of Neptune and 4 million tons of Xinjiang. The company's 3 million tons of BN project will be launched in October.
Production, accompanied by the gradual commissioning of three sets of devices, will lead to a four-quarter increase in the production of HFOs, which is expected to enter the new steps after the completion of the load, while preparatory work for the Ningdong tetraole project is fully under way and planning for the new project continues.
Increases in value added of existing production lines. Since this year, companies have increased their investment in research and development, and are expected to further increase their share of high-value-added products and increase their profitability after the platform is built.
High volatility in raw material prices; overcapacity and increased competition; demand below expected risk; more services to sweep; more services to sweep; and more services to sweep.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market