Corporate q3 performance pressure, new base opening up room for growth - BMW incident assessment report (600989.sh) Three-quarter performance report released on BMW: 3rd quarter 2024
$105052311,0001 zhangwb@cfsc.com.cn  device repair to overwrite the narrow Gali harvest, corporate q3 performance pressure
In January-September 2024, as a result of three-quarter quasi-eastern installation repairs and the submersion of the market, the sales of corporate products went down in the first quarter, resulting in a decline in corporate sales in the third quarter of the quarter. The sales of polyolefins fell by 8.16 million tons and the ring fell by 14 per cent;
In addition, three-quarter price differentials between products and raw materials affect corporate efficiency. The average prices of 2024q3 polyethylene, polypropylene, eva, coke market have fallen, respectively.
Coal purchases for raw material raw materials increased by 4.9 per cent and reduced by 4.4 per cent, respectively, and prices for raw materials decreased by less than those for end-products, resulting in significant increases in R & D costs for companies and a decline in net cash flows on a year-on-year basis.
In terms of the cost of the period, the sales/management/financial/research and development fee ratio of 2024q3 increased significantly in the third quarter to $684 million, representing an increase of 94.35 per cent over the same period, using 1, " Treasure energy " (600989); polyfin hydrocarbons
On the other hand, due to the need for follow-up funding for the Inner Mongolia Project, the company increased its prices in the third quarter of 2024 and performed significantly on the coal-based acetylene taps.
The company’s intra-Mongolian project is progressing well, with a cumulative investment of $25.4 billion in fixed assets, of which the first set of polyolefin units was completed on 14 October and the first steamer is expected to deliver coal in November, producing qualified products at the end of November.
The company is planning to build a base in Xinjiang, where 4 million tons of coal can be produced. The greatest advantage of Xinjiang is the presence of open coal mines, which can provide low-cost coal to companies, and the deployment of Xinjiang will further consolidate corporate resources and resources.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; windfall demand below expectations; corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
• Presentation by the Chemical Industry and New Materials Group, Entreprise Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Experience, 10 years of buyer research, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness. Joining the Chinese securities research in 2023 reflects my research perspective.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.