Three quarters of the net return on the mother, the impurity of the project, the underlying chemical industry and chemical materials, which led to a drop in the production and sales of the ring, and a drop in the price of some of the main products.
The sales of the company ' s main product, polyolefins, have declined and partly delayed performance. The sales of the company ' s main product, polyethylene, were 24.86.2505 million tons in the third quarter of 2024, and the sales of polypropylene, respectively, increased contribution capacity. The decline in the ring ratio was mainly due to installation repairs.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price dropped, while polypropylene prices slightly increased, polyethylene/polypropylene average non-taxed sales prices dropped in the quarter while coal prices were running at a steady rate, fueled by a weak cost of oil-based acrylic hydrocarbons and oil production.
The gap between the cost of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons has been narrow, affecting in part the company’s profitability, and the demand for coke continues to be under pressure.
The price of raw coal has risen slightly, and the price of coker has fallen. The average unit purchase price of the company's main raw material gas modified coal/coal/power coal in the first three quarters of 2024 was $554/1086/427/ton, respectively, and the price of coal has continued to fall in the same year, but the ring price has risen slightly; and Mongolia's cocoon farm has increased slightly in the first three quarters of 2024.
Land price: $1193 per ton, coal price drops, downstream steel market demand remains weak. Treasure energy (600989.sh) - Second quarter increase in profit and ring ratio, PFO price drops.
BFW (600989.sh) - Quarterly net profit increases, sustained output decline due mainly to installation repairs; average unit price of $8152 per ton due to weak supply and demand prices
New projects are well under way. The IFO project is well under way and is expected to begin in four quarters.
However, due to the impact of the installation repairs on the sale of the main products, as well as the weak supply and demand of the products, prices are affected by the increase in the performance of the Treasure Energy (600989.sh) and 2023q3 and the double growth in the ring ratio, the preparatory work for the PET project is fully initiated.
The main reason for the slip was the decline in the production and sales round ratio as a result of the overhaul of the main product installations, and the lower prices for some of the main products. Figure 1: Business income from the first quarter of Bo Fong Energy (millions) Figure 2: Net profit from the single quarter of Bo Fong Energy (billions)
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori, Net Interest Rates, Figure 4: Quarterly Sales, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Ratio of Corporate Main Product Polyfin Production (PPC) Subtracts and partially delayed performance. 3rd quarter of 2024
Ningdong ' s contribution to the production capacity increase of 1 million tonnes of AC3 was due mainly to installation repairs. The price of polyethylene fell in the third quarter of 2024, while the price of polypropylene increased slightly, and the average non-taxed price of polyethylene/polypropylene was 7023/6807 tonnes (same ratio - 3 per cent/+2 per cent, ring ratio - 4 per cent/+0.2 per cent) respectively.
Figure 5: Treasure energy polyethylene production sales (tonnes) Figure 6: Treasure energy polypropene production sales (tonnes) Figure 7: Treasure energy coke sales (tonnes)
Figure 8: Prices (in yuan/tons) for the main oil-rich energy-based commodities. Crude crude oil prices declined and coal prices operated in the third quarter of 2024, narrowing the gap between the cost of oil and coal-based yety hydrocarbons. Crude oil prices remain high at $70-90 per barrel, but are repeatedly affected by macroeconomic and geo-geographic conflicts
The price of crude oil as a whole declined in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, mainly because of the expected slowdown in demand and the supply end, but the overall supply and demand remained relatively tight, and oil demand was weak and recovering.
Oil prices are still expected to remain high. The price of polyvinylene is lower when the cost of oil-based hydrocarbons is weak, which partly affects the company’s profitability. According to the source, the cost of oil and coal-based hydrocarbons in three quarters is $8276/7336/tons, respectively, and the difference between the cost of 1508/tons in two quarters is narrow to 940/tons.
The price of raw coal has risen slightly and the price of coker has fallen. The average unit purchase price of the company ' s main raw materials for gasification in the first three quarters of 2024 was 553.53/1085.84/427.17 tons/tons, respectively, the same value (4% compared to 4% compared to +1%), the price of coal has continued to fall in the same year, but the price of the coronation sites in Mongolia has increased slightly;
1193 yuan/tonne (year-to-year-3%, ring-to-five%) and the price of coke has fallen, while demand for downstream steel remains weak. Carbon prices have continued to decline. -46%/-55%; average unit price is $8152/t, ring-to-7%.
Figure 9: Cost of oil versus coal-based hydrocarbons (RM/t) Figure 10: Price of Brent crude oil versus coal
Figure 11: Market prices for polyethylene and polypropylene (mega/tonne)
Focused construction projects such as cara, acetic ethylene, and advanced preparation for the Ningdong tetrachloroethylene project were fully launched. Since installation repairs affected the volume of production and sales of the main products and the adverse effects on prices of the weak supply and demand of the products, our authors assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author