Pilot production of the Inner Mongolia Project and expansion of capacity are progressing well.
Investment rating: superior to Grand City (maintenance) Event: On November 25, 2024, Bo Fung Energy announced that the first series of production lines of the Inner Mongolia Hydrocarbons Project had been piloted.
Project (hereinafter referred to as the “Inner Mongolia Project”) the first series of production lines of 1 million tonnes/year of HFOs was successfully produced, producing qualified products. As of the date of the announcement, the first series of production lines of the HFO project were operating steadily.
The largest coal-based hydrocarbon project in the world so far, and the only global project to replace fossil-fuel production with green hydrogen on a large scale; (2) With the completion of the project, the total capacity of the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon production will increase significantly from the current 2.2 million tonnes to 5.2 million tonnes/year, approximately 2.4 times the current capacity, which will be at the top of the domestic coal-based industry, 3) coal-based hydrocarbons will still have a cost advantage over the main oil-based hydrocarbon production.
The Inner Mongolia Project is the largest coal-based hydrocarbon plant in the world. On November 23, 2022, the Ministry of Eco-Environment of the People ' s Republic of China launched the " New Coal-based Materials for Inner Mongolia " , a phase of 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons and an accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year plant for green hydrogen-coated hydrocarbons.
The approval of the Environmental Impact Report (Environmental Review No. [2022]183), agreeing to the establishment of a new 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons and accompanying 400,000 tonnes/year implantation of green hydrogen-coated acetylene hydrocarbons in the Tuk industrial project area of the Ushahidi economic development zone in the city of Ordos, Mongolia. The project uses a combined production process of green hydrogen and modern coal-chemicals, with a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year.
The largest coal-based hydrocarbon project in the world to date, and the only global project to replace fossil-fuel production with green hydrogen on a large scale, began construction in March 2023 and, as of 25 November 2024, the first series of production lines had been successfully tested for production and produced qualified company production capacity will be significantly upgraded. With the completion of the project, the total production capacity of gold-rich coal-based hydrocarbons will be significantly increased from the current 2.2 million tons to 5.2 million tons.
Tons/year, about 2.4 times the current capacity, will be at the top of the domestic coal-rich industry. The Inner Mongolia project is located in coal-rich areas, where raw materials are purchased at short distances; the use of the most advanced dmto-iii technology in the country at present, with a single capacity of 1 million tonnes/year, has effectively reduced project investment and operating costs: the project has demonstrated the application of a number of advanced technologies and equipment with autonomous intellectual property rights in the country, resulting in equipment import substitution and equipment replacement.
In a comprehensive comparison, the Inner Mongolia Project is more competitive within the industry in terms of raw materials, depreciation, and processing costs. The successful first drive of the first series of 1 million tonnes/year-oldrythrysylene production lines of the Inner Mongolia Project will provide a good basis for a successful and fast start of production of the second and third series of production lines.
The total processing process for this project is as follows: (1) the project is based on local coal, first producing crude gas through water pulp plus pressure gasification technology, then using sulphur-resistant conversion and thermal recovery, low-temperature methanol washing processes to purify crude synthetic gas, then producing mto-grade methanol through methanol synthesis technology, project-composed gasification devices,
The conversion and thermal recovery units, the low-temperature methanol washing units, and the methanol synthesizing units are all three series. At the same time, the project will be accompanied by the construction of an electrolytic hydrogen project, the generation of electrolytic hydrogen gas and electrolytic oxygen through the electrolytic hydrogen project, the purification of hydrogen from electrolysis and cryogenic methanol washing units, combined as raw gas for methanol synthesis, and the electrolytic oxygen injection unit as an gaseous oxidizer.
Under the 10-year hydrogen rehydration design, the transformation depth of the conversion and thermal recovery device and the load of the methanol synthesis unit will be adjusted in accordance with the rehydration volume. (2) Mto-grade methanol produced through methanol-based and off-loading of the initial rehydration process produces mto-reactive gas, and polyethylene and apropylene are produced through the separation of the acetylene from the acetylene, and by-products such as acetylene, propane, c4, c5: production of polyethylene and acetylene produced to downstream polyethylene,
Polypropylene devices produce polyethylene, polypropylene products respectively, the project corresponds to three series of dmto devices, acetylene separation device, a polypropylene device, a polyethylene device, and an inadequate mto-grade methanol used in the initial rehydration dmto device. (3) For the full utilization of ethylene, propane and c4 by-products of the acetylene separation device, the project is accompanied by the construction of a steam disassembly device and a set of c4-1-butylene
Maleene devices, fission product gas from the vapour fission device back to the broth separation device, 1-butylene from the c4-butylene device, which is a polymeric monoethylene delivery device, with two devices producing mtbe, heavy c4 and fuel oil, etc. (4) For the provision of oxygen for the gasification unit and the supply of nitrogen, plant air, meter air, etc. for the plant as a whole, the project corresponds to seven systems.
The amount of oxygen produced by the air partitioning unit will be reduced accordingly as the oxygen supplementation provided by the electrolysis hydrohydrogen device. For the recovery and treatment of sulphur in the by-product acid gas of the cryogenic methanol washing unit, the project will build three series of sulphur recovery units (one of which is a backup series).
The total investment reported for this project is 47.815 billion yuan, and the main economic indicators for the basic conditions are shown in table 3. According to the CEP, it is estimated that 82.922 million tonnes of coal per year were consumed after the project was completed, resulting in an average net profit of 6,216 million yuan during the period of operation, with a total return on investment of 17.77 per cent.
Higher parts of the dollar/barrell, but repeatedly sawed by macroeconomic and geo-conflicts, and international oil prices were in a state of shock. Crude oil prices fell in the third quarter as a whole over the second quarter, mainly due to the expected slowdown in demand and the likely increase in supply, although overall supply and demand remained relatively tight, and oil prices were expected to remain high in the context of a moderate recovery in oil demand.
The average cost of oil-based acetylene acetylene is 7333/7913 yuan per ton, with an advantage of approximately 580 yuan per ton for coal, compared with 641 yuan per ton in October. Figure 3: Brent crude oil and coal prices. Figure 4: Market prices for polyethylene and polypropylene (RM/t)
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.