Long electric technology (600584.sh) National seal industry, state-of-the-art cover 21 November 2020
• The company, as the leader of the global encapsulation test, is highly competitive, and for the first time covers the rating given to the "buy-in" company as the third largest global market share, China's first integrated circuit encapsulation test company, covering a whole series of encapsulation technologies, has extensive overseas customer resources, and the company is actively preparing for advanced seals and is constantly investing in research and development (R & D) through increased investment.
With the continued expansion of crystal-crylic mills and semiconductors, there is a clear trend towards substitution of national production, and companies have a good outlook. We expect companies to achieve, respectively, a huge market space for the ps and sealing of the industry in 2020-2022, with broad prospects for development.
The world’s closed markets have performed fairly well, and the country’s closed industries have grown at a higher rate than the world’s markets. The world’s sealed industries have grown by 7.1% compared to the same level of growth, and they are labour-intensive industries with relatively low technical barriers and lower demands on talent in the area of semiconductor design and manufacturing, which are among the smallest gaps in the chain of semiconductor industries in the country and abroad.
The size of the industry is clear, more so as to boost the market share of our firms in the sealing industry. We have a relatively large share of the market, a relatively mature technology and business model, and an opportunity to do more.
In the future, the market size of advanced envelopes, such as sip/wlp/tsv, is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
With synergies, the company is expected to benefit from the international production of the center core as the country’s most advanced crystal circle plant, and to continuously upgrade its advanced management experience. In terms of the coverage of advanced containment technologies, the company is comparable to the world’s first-ever Sunlight Group.
The potential for companies to grow in the future is enormous, with a steady expansion in the area of encapsulation at different levels, a clear corporate advantage in the field of advanced encapsulations, a build-up of the current landscape of the crystal round industry, the abundance of orders and the positive expansion of the crystal ring factory.
Long-power technology is the third largest market share in the world, and the first Chinese integrated circuit containment test company, covering the entire system of containment technology, offering global coverage for the design of encapsulation, product development and certification, as well as a full range of professional production services for measuring, encapsulating, testing and delivering products from chips. The company’s predecessor is the Jiangyang transistor plant, which was established in 1972.
In 2000, it was officially transformed into long-power technology, and in 2003 it was placed on the market, and in 2015 it was acquired as the world’s third and first-largest plant in China. Long-power technology has three research and development centers in China, South Korea, Singapore, and six major integrated circuit production bases.
The company’s main division is the electric home office and its subsidiaries under the flag. The department includes its parent company, Xiangzhou, Cebu, etc., the parent company focuses on middle-end encapsulation products, and Xiangzhou and the housing plant are dominated by low-cost encapsulations. The three companies under the flag are Xing Kojinbang (South Korea, Singapore, Jiangyang), Long Power and Long Power Korea, all of which are predominantly state-of-the-art.
Starcombing is dominated by high-end ewlb, sip, fc, long-electrically advanced by advanced bp, fc, wlcsp, long-electric Republic of Korea by sip. Table 1: Long-electric technology has different subsidiary layouts.
Table 2: The company's main business is the encapsulation and testing of semiconductors, the company's back to the big fund and the center core international. The company announced in August 2018 that it had completed an increase, with the national integrated circuit production fund being the company's first major shareholder and currently holding 18% of its most recent holdings, with the center core international passing the core semiconductor (the middle core country).
Since the Industrial Fund focuses only on providing political and financial support to companies, it has important voice in management as the second largest shareholder. After a board meeting in April and September 2019, the long-term board of directors of electricity and technology was replaced with a central board of directors.
In addition, there are a number of senior executives and supervisors with a central core international background or experience.
In particular, Cao Zheng Li, former Senior Vice-President of the China-Chu International Global Market and former Senior Vice-President of Eunjio Global and President of the Great China District, Director General of the E-China Region of Reza, Director General of the e-China Region of Nec, committed to the industry for 27 years, not only to China's semiconductor market development, but also to China's semiconductor market development.
With a strategic vision of globalization that can lead long-range electric technology from national seal to international seal taps, the company’s operating income is growing rapidly until 2016, and then stabilizing. The company’s operating income in 2019 was $23,526 million, a 1.4% decline in comparison with that of the industry, which is low because the electronics sector is in a period of new and old energy conversion.
In the meantime, as a result of lower spending on financial costs and lower debt ratios, the net profit on corporate repatriation shifted from 939 million yuan in 2018 to 89 million yuan in 2019, and the low rate of net profit on maternity was mainly due to the company’s still in the process of consolidation of acquisitions, resulting in low utilization of production capacity.
The company ' s business income from 2015-2019 was 21.5 per cent, and the net profit from the parent was 14.3 per cent.
Disclosing the assets associated with the self-disposal business, no longer engaged in chip design, manufacturing and self-distribution of the separate device, concentrating the business entirely on the encapsulation test of the integrated circuits and the separateware, so that in 2019, the chip sales received zero returns. Geographically, the company collected $18.490 billion, or 78.6 per cent, in the offshore market in 2019.
The company ' s Māori rate remained stable, with a marked upward trend in net interest rates and continued to fall over the period. In 2019, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate were 11.2% and 0.4% respectively, and the net interest rate were positive for the same year as 2018. In the first half of 2020, the GW ' s Māori rate rose from the import of high-value products with long electricity, while the demand and cost rates were booming downstream.
The decline led to a rise in net interest rates. The company’s sales cost rate remained flatly low, with the new management from Mid-Cryston International taking office, which increased the efficiency of the company’s operations through a series of re-engineering of business and management institutions, and financial and management figures 7: the company’s Māori rate has levelled off in recent years and net interest rates have risen.
Figure 8: Decreased financial and management costs of companies
The global semiconductor market and the integrated circuit market have seen a steady increase in sales. In 2012-2019, the global semiconductor and the integrated circuit market, cagr, were 5.0 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, with a global semiconductor camp of $40.9 billion in 2019, a decline of 12.8 per cent, as the core of the entire semiconductor industry, with the global integrated circuit market selling at the same rate in 2019.
The decline was 16.0 per cent, but the overall growth trend was positive. Figure 9: Global semiconductor industry size has declined. Figure 10: Global integrated circuit market size has declined.
According to the China Semiconductor Industry Association, China’s integrated circuit market grew by 15.8% to 756.2 billion yuan in 2019, and, although growth has begun to slow, the world is still more powerful than ever before. As the epidemic subsides, 5g, artificial intelligence, etc.
The rapid development and widespread application of new technologies, such as unmanned, cloud computing, and the Internet, will lead to a recovery in related industries. China’s semiconductor chip self-sufficiency rate is low, with the integrated circuit industry having a huge export and import deficit in recent years. Our integrated circuit market demand is close to 33 per cent of total global demand, but domestic firms produce less than 7 per cent of the total, and their self-sufficiency rate is less than 22 per cent.
In 2019, China’s IEC sector had a deficit of $20.397 billion, but it fell by 10.3 per cent in the same year, indicating that the deficit had begun to decline, and that the future market space for local enterprises in China’s IEC sector was huge. In recent years, China’s IEC industry has been growing rapidly, driven by national policy support and market applications.
In 2019, the production of integrated circuits reached $201.82 billion, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period, and the self-sufficiency rate of the integrated circuit industry is gradually increasing, helping to drive a sustained expansion of the domestic market in the sealed sector. Figure 12: China’s large deficit in integrated circuits
2.2 The market for the domestic sealing industry is wide, long-term growth and stability The integrated circuit containment test consists of a combination of sealing and testing, which is the downstream of the semiconductor industrial chain and the integrated circuit industry. The seal is an essential part of the integrated circuit industry chain, and the process is to protect the chip from the object.
Damages caused by environmental factors, such as physiology, chemistry, increased radiation of chips, electrical connections, ensured circuit integrity, testing mainly of chip products, performance tests, etc., which resulted in a relatively small share of the global integrated circuit industry, with most of our businesses in the market.
In the structure of the annual global integrated circuit industry, the chip manufacturing component reached 58%, while the minimum containment component was only 16%. According to csia, China’s sealing industry accounted for 31.1% of the sales of the integrated circuit industry in 2019, higher than the global average, with mainland China selling 20.1% of the global closed market, with a larger share.
As the most mature part of the national semiconductor industrial chain, technology is at the forefront of the world. The sealing industry is relatively low for semiconductor design, manufacturing, technology thresholds, talent requirements, international restrictions, etc.
The world’s sealing markets have performed smoothly, and our sealing industry has grown faster than the global market. The global sealing industry grew more steadily in 2011–19, reaching $56.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 0.7%.
Figure 16: Global cover market performance is stable, Figure 17: Annual sales in China ' s seal testing industry rises, and the concentration in the seal market is high. In 2019, cr ' 3 reached 56.4% in the global seal market, the first two being the Japanese month.
30.5 per cent of silicon and 14.6 per cent of long-power technology ranked third in global integrated circuits and first in the continent at 11.3 per cent of the market share. 2.3 The expansion of crystal-crystal production + advanced encapsulation has led to the development of the sealing industry.
According to Semi, from 2017 to 2020, the world is planning to launch 62 semiconductor crystalry mills, of which 26 are in mainland China, accounting for 42% of the global total. According to Semi, by 2019 there were 86 crystal circle plants in mainland China.
China’s crystal circle capacity is expected to grow from 2.3 million per month in 2015 to 4 million per month in 2020, with an increase in plant capacity utilization, and the expansion of the production capacity of the crystal mill, which is bound to spread to lower-middle and lower-middle sealers, will generate more semiconductor sealing of new demand.
National production substitution: Substituted by the semiconductor industry offers an opportunity for sealing the industry. Since China became a list of entities in 2019, domestic practitioners have become more aware of the importance of core technological autonomy, whether in integrated circuit design, manufacturing or sealing, and have begun to focus on nurturing and supporting home-grown supply firms, with a growing trend towards diversion.
As the friction between China and the United States increases further in the future, the global semiconductor industrial chain will likely be rebuilt, and sealing is the most mature link in the country’s semiconductor, and will continue to benefit. Advanced containment: the semiconductor industry moved into the post-Moor era, with the advanced sealing trend.
The process has been driving the development of the semiconductor industry, which also needs new technologies to support new demands, such as high-performance 2.5d/3d containment technology, crystal circle containment technology, system-level containment technology, and memory containment technology.
The semiconductor-manufacturing vanguards have begun to move from the past to the advancement of crystalline manufacturing nodes to the innovation of system-level containment technologies, and the share of advanced domestic seals in the world is increasing.
Traditional containment technologies are distinguished by whether or not welded, and the sealing industry is currently undergoing a transition from traditional envelopes (sot, qfn, bga, etc.) to advanced envelopes (fc, fiwlp, fowlp, tsv, sip, etc.). The chip size continues to shrink, the number of fuses increases and the integration continues to rise. According to Yole, 2018-2024, advanced seals.
The loading market will grow at an annual compound rate of 8 per cent, reaching nearly $44 billion by 2024. During the same period, the blanket market will grow at an annual compound rate of 2.4 per cent.
The test is enormous, and precision, modular development at the front end of the radio frequency also creates huge market demand for the sealing industry. The high density, high speed, high reliability, low power consumption, and low time delay characteristics of 5g technology will give rise to a series of complex microsystem wrapping forms.
Advanced containment technologies such as Fan-out have been rapidly applied as a mainstream solution to current 5g communications. The use of 5g has gone far beyond mobile phones, ranging from object networking to autopilot, bringing new challenges to the network in terms of data speed and delayed flexibility, as well as broad development prospects for the semiconductor industry.
3. Core competitiveness is strong, promising 3.1, up/downstream layout plus technology lead, and competitive advantages are evident The middle core management joins the company, promoting surrogate + seal integration. As mentioned earlier, mid-April 2019.
Cyce International's management is in charge of power technology, the company's chairman, Choko Tsai, the director of China Hari International, and the director of China's semiconductor industry association, with a strong resource integration capacity, and a strategic interface between Cyce International and LT technology, which is beneficial for the company to develop in synergy with China's international downstream industrial chain. In the context of the long-term existence of the big game, the national core is in place.
The company is inclined to return the surrogate to the country to avoid supply-chain risks, and the center core international and long-power technology as industry leaders in the domestic crystal-crystal manufacturing and sealing tests is a key link in the chain of semiconductor industries. The center core is now the most advanced in-country crystal-crystal process, and 14 nm yields are at the international level, combined.
With the state-of-the-art containment capabilities in long-distance technologies, and with the full advantage of upstream and downstream co-development, companies are expected to collaborate with the center core to obtain more orders at a high level. As the strategic interface between the two is deepening, the medium- and downstream pattern of manufacture + downstream containment is gradually taking shape, becoming the cornerstone of the continental semiconductor industry chain.
Since the introduction of the new management team in 2019, long power technology has achieved five consecutive quarters of Māori growth, providing strong evidence that corporate profitability has continued to increase under the leadership of the new management. Looking forward, as management teams with global leadership on foundry, osat, and Idm have further deepened their fine management
The concept, which is expected to introduce internationalized management experience, improve the internal governance structure of the company, continuously increase cost control and operating costs controls, restructure products, improve capacity utilization, and continue to improve the profitability of the company. Figure 20: The Māori rate of long electricity technology has risen steadily since 2019, and the cost rate has declined over the period
Companies focus on R & D inputs, and technological innovation is prominent. The two major R & D centres for long-power technology are located in China and Singapore, respectively, and have R & D platforms such as the National Engineering Laboratory for High-density Integrated Circuit Seal, the Post-Doctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre, as well as experienced R & D teams.
Of these, 2,458 patents (1,494 patents in the United States) cover medium- and high-end containment areas.
3.2. Cover technology is fully covered, and the levels are generally the best in the country. Long-range electrical technology has the capability to complete all advanced containment type products and a full range of containment technologies, including fc (rewind), ewlb (inlined crystal grid), tsv (silicon puncture)
Cover technology, sip (system-level envelope), pip (storage assembly), pop (storage envelope), fanout (panding out), bumping (panding technology), etc., is comparable in terms of the coverage of advanced technologies to the world ' s first Sunlight Group, which is partly beyond the second-largest security position in the world and can absorb the demand for orders arising from the upgrading of emerging technologies.
In the future, along with the development of applications such as 5g, high end storage, auto electron, high performance computing, long power technology is expected to further increase the proportion of advanced packagings at full cost, stimulated by downstream demand.
The demand for low- and medium-end containment operations is strong, and capacity utilization is expected to remain high. In medium- and low-end operations, the level of profitability of state factories has remained stable at high levels over time, and the profitability of housing plants has increased significantly since 2019. The 2020h1 state and housing plants together achieved an income growth of 10.51 per cent, net profit growth of 101 per cent, and overall net interest rate of 16.1 per cent.
Due to the warming of domestic demand and the transfer of restraining orders to the mainland as a result of the South-East Asian epidemic, the company’s capacity and profitability have risen significantly. In the second half of 2020 and up to 2021, it is expected that the overseas epidemic will remain difficult to reduce significantly, with low- and middle-end production-control capacity being affected, and the company’s production capacity at the lower end is expected to remain high.
Figure 25: Maintenance of high levels of profitability and steady growth in the Changzhou plant, Figure 26: Significant increase in the profitability of the housing plant, 3.3. Focus on key applications and seize the opportunity to move up the ladder
Companies focus on applications with high demand, such as 5g, tws, and auto electronics. Companies focus on key applications, leading semiconductor high-end containment technology in key areas such as 5g communications, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry, including sip, wl-csp, fc, wlb, pip, pop and 2.5d/3d
In the form of mixed signals/radio frequency (under development) and other forms, it is expected that it will continue to benefit from a strong trend in downstream industry demand and that future shares and industrial chain status will continue to rise.
Area 5g: Long power technology has full-sized capacity to encrypt fcbga at base stations and data centres. In addition, the company has advanced high-density sip technology at the 5g mobile end, in conjunction with a number of international high-end clients, has completed the development and volume production of the 5g radio frequency sip module, and the aip integrated antenna programme is in progress.
In the current wave of technological change brought about by the Pixel Cis module, long electrotech is expected to capture the electronics of the vehicle: the dms system sip module, the 77ghzlidar system ewlb program, the vehicle safety system qfn program were validated by the long electrotechnology development. In 2019, the Singko Kim Pengang Phing factory was well known to the U.S. and the U.S. Koreans.
Car-based product manufacturers have endorsed the certification of vda6.3 products; the South Korean factory has also received a large number of Euro-American-American multi-country vehicle-car-car-based product module development projects, mainly applied to adas and dms products. The expansion of customers in downstream applications is expected to provide a stronger growth point for long-power technology.
3.4. In order to gain a higher amount of data, transmission rates and tolerance, higher frequency electromagnetic waves must be used as transmission media, and the wavelengths are shorter, and the wavelengths are shorter.
millimetre wave level. The two frequencies that prevailed in the 5g era were the sub-6ghz frequency band and the 28ghz millimetre frequency band. Since the increase in frequency resulted in shorter antennas, the antennas were expected to be integrated into the 5g chip age to simplify design and reduce costs. The next generation ' s 5g chip may use containment techniques.
Two types: aip (antennainpackage) for the chip with the base plate and a fan-out for the board. Aip belongs to a more complex 3d module under the sip envelope classification. Figure 28: The sip module has been applied to the applewatch product
3.4.1. Long power Korea: mastering advanced sip wrapping technology, gaining the approval of top cellular clients Long power Korea is one of the world's top sip containment centres, focusing on core technology and actively expanding market share related to the field along hot spots. Long power Korea has built up R & D technology in the field of sip and has accumulated it over the years, in the field of sip
The encapsulation experience has been large-scale, resulting in a global supply chain of end-products, such as three stars, lig, and apparelable equipment. The 2020h1 long power Korea revenue was $427 million, compared to +153.57 per cent; the net profit was $11.1557 million, compared to $25.4831 million for the same period in 2019, resulting in a reversal of losses.
Sip market development has great potential, and long power technology is fully deployed. According to yole data and projections, the global market size for sip reached $13.4 billion in 2019, and by 2025, the market size for sip will reach $18.8 billion, 2019-
In 2025, the cagr reached 6%. In the area of sip covers, long-term electrotech accumulated for many years, with several successive levels of integration programmes ranging from pa-sip to rffesip, and with the approval of key core major clients, pre-empted. On 7 July 2020, the long-electric technology high-density sip module plant was developed in Jiangsu City, Jiangsu province, with new technologies in high-tech development.
The Governor's power and technology city, east of the building, has successfully capped, the new building has an area of over 40,000 square metres and is expected to be paid and put into use in January 2021, with an annual production of 3.6 billion modular encapsulation products. (source: system-in-packagetechtechnologyandmarkettrends202020report, yoledéveloppement, 2020)
3.4.2 The world's best fan-out wrapping technology, which serves high-end mobile devices, is popular in the fan-out, wlp technology industry. Fan-out is based on crystal-crystal reconstructing technology, repositioning the chip to an artificial crystal circle and then following steps similar to the quasi-crystal-crystal sealing process.
If you do not need a base plate, you can further reduce the cost and size of the chip based on the integration of multiple chips, with the advantages of smaller encapsulation sizes and better electrical performance, you can achieve greater bandwidth, higher speed and reliability, and lower power consumption.
It also provides a broader shape factor for multichip wrappings for mobile consumer electronics, high-end super-counting, games, artificial intelligence and object networking devices, and is expected to be the dominant technology for 5g chip wrapping. (a) fan-shape wlp(b) fan-flip wlp
At present, Fan-out is the fastest-growing market, with a market size of $1,256 million in 2019. Yole predicts that the size of the Fan-out market will be as high as 15.9 per cent between 2019 and 2025, and that the size of the market will expand in 2025.
2019-2025-outpackingrevenueforcast permarketclas (source:fan-outpackingtechnologiesandmarket 2020, yoledévelopment, June 2020)
The technical barriers are more pronounced in the case of Fan-out. In the case of millers with fan-out containment technology, the lead is clear in the case of crystal-round worker dragons, top-stage electric tsmc, and in the case of the Taiwan area of solar and moon light and power production in panel-level fan-style containment, there is a multi-year technological build-up. In the case of China’s mainland sealers, long-term electric technology is acquiring gold.
Long-power technology is expected to take advantage of the early advantage of taking advantage of the continent’s state-of-the-art technology of fuu-out, and the Singapore plant at Starcomb has advanced global technology of ewlb, which is at the cutting edge of global technology.
It's a further upgrade of the fan-out containment technology, mainly for high-end mobile master processors, for high-power, low-power chip products, and an extension of the chip envelope to the tip of the chip.
The solution, while expanding the integration capacity of the isomer chip, can embed multiple vertical three-dimensional interconnected active and passive components into the same chip-level envelope without using costly Tsv technology. The ewlb is the core competitiveness of the long-electric Singapore plant, with $198 million raised in 2018 for long-electric technology.
As the integration of Singapore’s plants continues, the company’s ewlb industry will generate substantial profits. As the chip terminal application market moves from 4g to 5g products, Singapore’s plants are technologically upgraded to pre-position relevant areas, 2020h1.
The increase in service orders was significant, resulting in a net profit of $1.39 million, compared to $43.2 million in the same period in 2019, which was more than offset by a loss. The latter, as a second generation of Fan-outwlp technologies, is more robust, sized and cost-effective, and will contribute more to the growth of long-power technology.
The company plans to raise an additional $5 billion in investment: 3.6 billion high-density integrated circuits and system-grade containments per year.
Projects (840 million yuan, accommodation) and repayment of bank loans and short-term vouchers ($1.50 billion), the implementation of the above-mentioned fund-raising projects will enable companies to further develop their containment capabilities, such as sip, qfn, bga, to better meet the need for containment for end-use applications such as 5g communications equipment, big data, automobile electronics, etc.
The refinancing program reflects the firm’s confidence in the industry’s long-term drive for new applications such as 5g/ai, the volume of chips and the increase in demand for sealing, which will be released gradually over the next three to five years, according to demand. The firm’s targeted increase announcement estimates that 3.6 billion high-density integrated circuits and system-grade containment modules will be produced annually.
Total, three years of construction, expected to generate an additional business income of 1.838 billion yuan per year after delivery, with a total annual profit of 398 million yuan: 10 billion pieces of communications produced annually in high-density integrated circuits and modular encapsulation projects, five years of construction, with a key assumption: full capacity of crystalry mills and continuous expansion of crystalry mills, clear trend towards substitution of national production, long power supply
1) The main operation of advanced long electricity is crystal-crystal seals, which are expected to benefit from the rapid uplifting of the size of the crystal-circle envelope market, which is expected to sustain double-digit growth. 2) Long electricity is mainly operated by the Sip system envelope, which is an important development in advanced containment, no
This is expected to increase rapidly, with double-digit growth expected. 3) Starfleet gold is expected to grow steadily in the future as a result of higher capacity utilization, streamlined organizational structure, and higher-than-fail losses, better integration and steady growth in the future.
4. The low-end and low-end containment market in the headquarters camp is expected to increase at a low rate in the future, and it is expected that the company will continue to do so as the third largest market share of the world, the Chinese first integrated circuit containment test company, covering a full range of containment technologies, with extensive overseas customer resources, and the company will be actively capped through increased R & D inputs and upscaling.
Downstream integration expands production capacity and scope of operations. With the continued expansion of the mill and the semiconductor replacement of the national dollar, the current stock price corresponds to p56/41/28, and companies rank first and have a certain advantage for the domestic sealing industry, giving companies a certain value premium, with the first “buy-in” rating over coverage.
Starfleet Kimbon's business is not as integrated as expected, the industry's climate is not as fast as expected, and the company's technology is not as advanced as expected.