The main business continues to be robust, the new business is on its way, and it's on its way through the cycle.
In October, total retail sales of social consumer goods were equal to -0.5%, and consumption performance was more resilient. Corporate converters had structural growth opportunities, walls and lighting were limited by real estate, and the same time that the “survival building” policy was valued was expected to lead to better construction.
Stock levels and channel management advantages are expected to remain steady q4. We maintain the 2022-2024 days of turnover back normal, and the recovery history is expected to see good stock levels for dealers today. The price of plastics and copper has declined significantly since 2022q3, with the firm ' s pressure on distributors being reduced by 2022q4 costs.
In addition, a higher and more stable margin of profit for dealers than for peer companies based on cost-scale advantages and channel management, and with the stimulus of return policies, we anticipate that dealers will be able to maintain a higher level of willingness to take delivery and will be able to guarantee a robust growth of 2022q4 revenues.
• Conversion or continuation of structural growth, with new operations gradually contributing to growth, underpinning a robust long-term performance of 2022q1-q3 converter structural growth, with an increase in the share of new and intermediate high-end items, such as 2022m1-m10 orbital slots, to 9.1 per cent, considering that there is still room for improvement in the share of medium- and high-end products and that there is still room for improvement in the prices of converters.
With regard to new energy sources, the company is working with the national network to integrate resources, and it is expected that the successor company will launch the United Nations network with a new grid charger, install the smart charger module to achieve an orderly charge, and that the production + operational resource integration will be expected to contribute to the growth of new energy and power connections.
2022 q3 Camp growth is robust, high-base disturbance Fahrenheit, relying on the existing distribution system to import a lightless light into the decorative channel core store, while establishing professional performance pressure - corporate information update report
The distribution system, as the channel system develops, looks forward to the company's turning over the wheels through a lightless light. In addition, in January, the company set up the Bull Tool Technology Company Ltd., which is the main electric tool, and gradually laid the electric booms, the shock drills, and the Associated Country Nets, which accelerates the charging of the power posts.
Patents such as hammers, drills, etc., in synergy with the sale of hardware channels, recommend that attention be paid to follow-up developments in the area of power tools.
Ring improvement - company update report 1 - business is expected to continue robust, cycle-by-cycle, zero data is weak, consumption performance is expected to be more resilient, and the property “survival” policy is being valued together
In October 2022, total retail sales were equal to -0.5%, the acceleration ring ratio -3pcts. By category, the mandatory consumption performance was more resilient, and October, retail sales of food, daily goods, beverages were equal to +9%/+1.6%/+6.6% respectively, while consumption growth remained low.
The company's main converter has a low unit price and limited consumer environmental impact under the optional attributes, the construction of walls and light light has limited impact on the completion of land on accelerator basis, and the valuation of the “survival building” policy is expected to lead to improvements at the end and to performance-level repairs. In addition, the company's trend-type new energy connections and lightless lighting industry are expected to lead to improvements at the same time.
The stock turnover efficiency is at the center of history and is projected to decline steadily in 2022, with a forecasted level of dealers’ stocks falling due to the impact of the epidemic and stock levels rising significantly, with stock levels returning to normal and rising at a rate of recovery.
Double-digit growth. (2) Stock levels of 2021q1 are significantly reduced and the corresponding rate of increase in revenue is significantly higher at a lower base, reflecting an increase in the number of dealers taking delivery. As the level of dealers ' inventories increases, the stock level of 2021q3 is raised and the growth in double-digit growth is restored with the rate of revenue growth. (4) The increase in stock levels of 2022q1 reflects an increase in the dealer ' s pool.
The stock level of the company 2022q2-q3 has steadily declined, stock turnover days have returned to normal, and we anticipate good stock levels for distributors. 2022q4 raw material costs have dropped significantly, distributor incentives have been relatively flexible under the low base, and distributors have become Māori.
There is scope to maintain a higher willingness to take delivery, and to guarantee a steady growth of 2022q4 revenues. The raw materials of the company are historically low in corporate profits, and we believe that 2022q4 will be more flexible in terms of incentives to distributors and return-point policies with reduced cost pressures. Moreover, compared to the advantage of peer companies based on cost size and channel management.
With a higher and stable margin of profit for distributors, we expect the distributors to maintain a higher willingness to take delivery and a steady increase in the revenue end of 2022q4.
Figure 3: Full vendor return policy mobilizes willingness of distributors to take delivery. Figure 5: Bullled lighting unit costs are lower than those of peers. Figure 4: Oem product volume as a whole shows a downward trend, with home-grown capacity belts
1.2. Connectivity: Structural growth of converters and long-term robust growth of new energy security from $49 to $54. Average price raises the ratio of medium- and high-end converters such as main orbital plugs, lift-and-drop plugs, and the ratio of high-end new products in 2022m1-m10 rises to 9.1%, taking into account the unit price of converters.
At a lower level, there is still room for upgrading the share of medium- and high-end products, and we believe that there is still room for raising the price of corporate converters. From upstream parts and components, mid-stream equipment and operations, and downstream applications, the market for new energy charge-posts is viewed, equipment and operators are growing wide space, and private charge-posts account for the bulk of sales.
Equipment component suppliers, including chargers modules, powerware, etc.. The major components are mostly standardized electrical products, with a high degree of homogenization.
Energy vehicles do not go to the car and third-party equipment operators are expected to grow in a wide range of areas. (3) Downstream applications are mainly distributed among public chargers, specialized chargers, and private self-propelled pillars, with private charge-posts dominated by sales as a percentage of sales. In the area of public charge-posts, the share of star chargers, special callers, national grids and clouds is broken down into the first four (star charge).
In the area of private charge-posts, a larger share of the data Tesla on the line, the Bulls Group’s third-party brand, and the company’s competitiveness in the area of private charge-posts, the “intelligence exchange slow + high power fast to the public” charge system or for the future of the industry.
The data show that 2,677,000 domestic chargers were held in 2021, and that 595.9/259.7.9.9.9.9.91.06 million public/special/private loads were expected to be held in 2026, totalling 37.83 per cent of the cagr. As the charger infrastructure increases, the power grid peaks load and grids are more difficult to regulate, thus increasing the cost of electricity for end-users.
In addition, research on the national network shows that 80% of the electric vehicles in the next 80% of the country will be charged in the community by communication slow charging, and that the districts of Heilongjiang, Guangdong, Tianjin, Jiangsu, Henan, Zhejiang, Chongqing, etc. will cover new small areas and public areas.
We expect communities with lower electricity costs to communicate slowly or become one of the main applications. Figure 9: The share of sales is expected to be a major share of private chargers.
The National CyberCarnet Technology Company, a subsidiary of the national grid, uses its smart recharge system platform to achieve the wrong peak charge, reduce the cost of power use, and address the problem of sub-district distribution capacity deficits. In the past, the national grid in the area of community grid chargers was less regulated, so the network wanted to pass and be new.
The energy company and third-party brands have established partnerships to promote community-based charge-post projects. The company has now completed full coverage of the charge guns, exchange charge posts, small direct-flow/large-direct charge-posts, and it is expected that the follow-up company will launch the United Nations network with new charge-posts, install smart charge modules that will allow the country’s network to monitor and achieve an orderly charge.
1.3. Led lighting: The distribution system is gradually improving, and it is expected that the main light-opening growth space trend class will open up the growth space with standardization and scale. The relative difficulty of managing the inventory of the lighting distributors has resulted in fewer large-scale liftings by the distributors, owing to personalization and high-speed characteristics.
As a standardized, modular product, the core competition lies in the design chain, relatively easy stock management by distributors, and a greater willingness to move as a trend-type distributor, and we expect market concentration or a higher degree of traditional lighting in the field of orphan lamps.
The sales of online lamps/fibre lamps/orbital magnetic straw lamps increased rapidly, with Gyeongdong data showing sales of 20221-o3 corporate headlamps/lights/orbital magnetic straw lamps +881 per cent/+355/+363 per cent, respectively.
On the one hand, the company relies on the existing distribution system to introduce a masterless lamp into the decorative system of core shops, with an estimated annual sales value of more than $100 million. On the other hand, the company or the establishment of a specialized distributor, which operates a lightless light, separates it from the traditional distribution system.
Well, we appreciate that the company uses cost control and channel advantage to overturn the market through the orphan light. 1.4, The Bull Tool Technology Company, Inc., which proposes to focus on the layout of the electric tool area, the Bull Tool Technology Company, Inc., in January 2022, and the main wind and electric tools.
According to the Bureau, bull tools have gradually been laid out in the categories of electroshocks, shock drills, hammers, and electric drills. According to the Beijing Information Consultation, China’s market for electric tools in 2021 amounted to 18.8 billion yuan (+16.1%), of which industrial-level electric tools account for the majority, with 65%, 28% and 7% of the total market share at the industrial, professional and general levels, respectively.
There are synergies between the power tools and the company ' s hardware channels (electric utility) and the subsequent products are on the market, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the increase in the market generated by the power tools.
In October, total retail sales of social consumer goods were equal to -0.5%, and consumption was more resilient. The company converter exists.
Structural growth opportunities, fence and lighting operations are limited by real estate, and the “survival building” policy is valued with the hope of leading to improved construction completion. In addition, new energy power connections and lightless operations are beginning to be released in line with good inventory water, flat water and access management advantages, and q4 is expected to grow robustly. We maintain a profit forecast for 2022-2024.
The new business does not sell as much as expected; the outbreak perturbation risk; and the channel does not expand as expected.