Railways' overseas revenues have been rising steadily, with the central business city holding the lead — the China Express (6880009.sh) incident assessment report, which released the Chinese General 2023 semi-annual report: operating income of $16.666 billion
Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn  Short-term performance pressure, sound railways and overseas operations revenue of $3.995 billion in the first half of the year, a decrease of 17.77 per cent in the same year, the main one.
In the event of a shortage of orders, the volume of construction work on the subway project decreased; the total contract revenue on the project was 3,135 million yuan, a decrease of 30.17 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the slowness of funding for some of the project projects in the face of a complex internal and external environment.
As a result of the delay in the construction period. Unlike the city track and the general contracting of engineering, company railways and overseas operations showed a good upward trend, amounting to $8,869 million, respectively.
In terms of the progress of overseas projects, such as projects, revenue recognition has increased over the same period the previous year, the railway industry has been warming up, the city track has experienced a decline in business mileage, and, in the case of railways, the investment of fixed assets in our railways in the second quarter has been positive for the past one quarter.
In January-June 2023, the country's fixed-assets investment in railways was accumulated, and the railways' industrial chain resumed growth. On the urban track, as of June 2023, there were 54 cities in 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Regiments.
A total of 295 urban orbital transport routes were opened and 9728.3 kilometres operated, of which 75.7 kilometres were added to urban orbital transport during the second quarter, a decrease of 67.09 per cent compared to the second quarter of 2022.
The construction of the track will pick up, and the industry will warm up the rail control system.  The company has sufficient orders, the economy as a whole is running smoothly, and the high-iron power supply system and the metro signal system will be consolidated in the lead.
According to statistics, in the first half of 2023, the country opened five projects for the integration of the core high-iron power system, with companies carrying out four projects, namely, the male, the Quantico, the Guanggang Buddha, the Quan Han Han, and others, with a market share of 81%.
In the area of integration, of the 10 subway signal control system projects for which the company has opened tenders, 4 have won, with a market share of 42%, and continue to be the top-notch supplier of urban orbital traffic control systems.
It also creates a solid, well-saturated market for the company ' s future dynamic renewal and operational maintenance, with capital investment growth expected to boost the company ' s performance, covering for the first time, the risks of overseas operations arising from the changing pattern of international relations; and national railway capital investment.
Not as much as expected: urban orbital transport investments are less than expected The Mechanical Group presents Maozheng: MA in Materials, University of Gangdan, five years of experience in commodity securities investment.
Lu Dzhoyang: A Master from the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.