Copper mausoleum coloured (000630 sz) Asset impairment lags performance, keeping in mind the increase in the value of copper mine business next year.
Since the shutdown of the Panamanian copper mine in November 2023, the production of new smelters has been concentrated around the world, and the supply of copper concentrates has become more intense. Even large smelters have a single percentage of copper concentrates, compared to previous years, with a long single processing fee of $21 per ton.
In the case of bronze mausoleums, the share of out-purchases is about 75%, with a maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks, and if you start using part of the spot in the second half of the year, the profit from smelting will fall. For the fourth quarter, the main force of the flag will fall.
One of the smelter’s gold and copper industries began a 28-day overhaul on October 11, with companies having a limited impact on four quarters by adjusting the production pace, changing the structure of the raw materials, and expected a fall in processing fees. The largest copper smelter in the world, benefiting from the clean-up of production capacity.
The company's copper refining capacity reached 2.2 million tons, of which 1.96 million tons were crudely refined, exceeding the Jiangxi copper industry as the world's largest copper smelter. In terms of the composition of the smelting raw material, copper is colored to handle copper concentrates in the main compared to another smelting tap.
In 2024, for example, the group used 1.35 million tons of copper concentrate, 350,000 tons of rough copper, with only 50% of the raw material at the other end of the same period being copper concentrate. If in the longer term, China's copper smelter was the most advanced and competitive global technology, and would eventually benefit from global smelting.
Clear. The copper smelting industry is currently in a low state, with greater probability and space for future upwards.
Cobalt Mahals (000630/sz) - Copper smelting costs are highly competitive, and in Milado II, Coal Sewers (000630/sz) and 2023, the volume of mineral copper increased by 239%, with a net quarterly average price of $80,000/85000/85000/t (original value of $78,000/t) and copper concentrate processing fees of $78,000/t)
" Copper mausoleum colour (000630/sz) - acquisition of world-class large copper mines with steady profitability, corresponding to 22.2/10.0/8.8x, respectively. The second phase of the Milado copper mine is about to come into production, with the company ' s annual copper production reaching 310,000 tons and falling costs, and the company ' s copper smelting capacity is globally competitive and resistant.
The risk is high, benefiting from the clean-up of copper smelting, and maintaining a “better than the big market” rating. Since Panama’s closed copper mines in November 2023, the supply of copper concentrates has become more tight, and even for large smelting enterprises, the share of copper concentrates alone has declined somewhat compared to previous years.
The first long single processing fee and spot processing fee splits, the spot processing fee is below -$40/tonne, and the long one processing fee is $21/tonne. All smelters use long sheets for profit, and if part of the spot is used, the smelting profit will be affected. For bronze marinas, according to the Group announcement, the proportion of out-purchases is about 75%, if
In the second half of the year, the profits from smelting will fall. For the fourth quarter, the gold and copper industry, one of the main smelters under the flag, began its 28-day overhaul on 11 October, and the company is expected to have a limited impact on the fourth quarter by adjusting the production pace and changing the structure of the raw materials.
In March this year, the company's new copper-based materials project (500,000 tons of copper smelting) came into production, bringing the company's copper-smelting capacity to 2.2 million tons, of which 1.96 million tons of rough refining capacity exceeded that of the world's largest copper smelting company.
In terms of the composition of the smelting raw material, the bronze mounds are mainly colored to handle copper concentrates, with very few coppers out of order, and are more affected by the fall in copper concentrate processing fees. In 2024, for example, the group used copper concentrates.
More than 1.35 million tons of copper, 350,000 tons of copper, and only 50% of the raw material for another tap in the same period are copper concentrates. Longer, China’s copper smelters are the most technologically advanced and cost-competitive in the world, and will eventually benefit from global smelting.
Sensitivity analysis of profit projections: the price of non-ferrous metals has fluctuated considerably in recent years, and the profits of mining-listed companies have fluctuated, and we have chosen copper prices and copper concentrate processing fees as two important variables affecting profits and sensitivity to the company ' s net return profits in 2026.
Analysis, as shown in the table below. 22/2/10.0.8x. The second phase of the Mirado copper mine is about to start production, with the company producing 310,000 tons of copper per year and with reduced costs, and the company ' s copper smelting can be globally competitive, risk-resistant and benefit from copper smelting.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.