The scale-up was strong and the difference was subdued, and Ningpo Bank had an annual semi-annual report for 2024, which was evaluated on 29 August 2024.
Ningbo Bank (stock code: 002142) incident: the company issued its semi-annual report for 2024. Improved rate of collection and impairment increase: 2024h1, the company realized operating income and net profit return
34.437 billion yuan and 13.649 billion yuan, an increase of 7.13 per cent and 5.42 per cent, respectively, over the same period; annualized weighted averages are mainly due to the expansion of the size of the loan in the table and higher net interest income.
Net interest income showed a bright performance with a narrow cut below interest differentials and strong growth in loan holdings: 2024h1, interest asset yields dropped by 12bp on year-on-year basis, interest-paying liabilities cost increased by 3bp on year-on-year basis, deposit costs were more stringent, the average cost increased by 2bp, and asset end-of-service liabilities and active liability costs increased.
Continued high growth, strong growth in the public sector, and steady retail operations. At the end of June, company deposits were 17.63% higher than at the beginning of the month, with business deposits and residential deposits increasing by several hundred million yuan. Other non-interest income, centred on investment returns, increased slightly. 2024h1, company other non-interest income.
Ningbo Bank Good quality of assets: By the end of June, the proportion of non-performing loans by companies was 0.76 per cent, at a level of parity at the beginning of the year, and maintained a leading role in the industry; most industries had a poor rate of less than 1 per cent, and the overall risk was manageable, but private consumption loans and credits were available.
420.55 per cent coverage, maintaining industry leadership and strong risk compensating capacity. Investment proposal: firm deep-farming in developed areas of the long-triangular economy, significant location advantages, sudden micro-business competitiveness, with a focus on large retail and light capital business expansion, multi-profit centres, long-term profitability
In addition, the corporate wind system is mature, assets are of excellent quality, and the provision is adequate. We look forward to the future development of the company, combining the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.