Ningbo Bank (002142): Strong growth in size, reported reasons: Performance rating: Ningpo Bank published its report for the first half of 2024. The company achieved business income of $34.437 billion (+7.13%) in the first half of the year.
At the end of June, the total capital of the company became apparent. Structurally (as shown in figure 1) there was a significant increase in public loans over the same period (with fewer increases in the industry over the same period) in demand in the region and in its own initiative. There was a marked decline in individual lending, which was consistent with industry trends, for three reasons.
Individual business loans and consumer-type loans, which last year were larger in volume, have been larger in maturity this year; on the other hand, the demand for various types of loans from the population is weak; and, on the other hand, the company’s access to individual loans or the credit risk of rising industry loans has tightened. The company’s regional industries are strong, more competitive locally, and are expected to drive faster growth in lending to the public.
In terms of seasonal characteristics, the company’s stock collection is concentrated in q1, and q2 deposits are usually net out as the pressure of the “open door” test drops. This year’s q2 deposit ring ratio is a net inflow, with a corresponding increase in the rate of increase (see figure 2), which is significantly stronger than the industry. As a result of the pricing advantage, the governance of the “hand-rate-up” versus the small and medium-sized banks.
At the industry level, the impact of squeezing slowed, m2 or mildly rebounded, and the firm’s rapid increase in deposits in the first half of the year laid the foundation for the year, which is expected to continue to have a clear advantage over the industry. Structurally (figure 3), the degree of periodicization increases with the industry, reflecting the personal and business sector financial cycle in a context of weaker population demand.
As loan and bond interest rates fall significantly with the market, the overall interest rate drops are more pronounced. The q2 rate of interest is measured at 3.98%, a decline of about 18bp compared to the previous q1, or it is largely divided with the above-mentioned loan growth structure (retail loans with higher returns).
At the end of the debt, the savings were not sufficiently reduced and were subject to periodicization.
At the end of the liability, the company’s staggered rhythm points to a significant change in the interest rate.
Middle-business income is subject to policies and market factors. Due to reduced cost policies, lower market risk preferences and weaker capital market performance, corporate wealth management and asset management continue to decline significantly on the same basis (as shown in figure 4), and delays in fees and commission revenue are more pronounced. The capital markets remained relatively low in July-August, and are still under pressure at this stage. Considering the lower base in the second half of the year,
In terms of tradable assets, better-beneficial market performance and greater investment capacity, the annualized return on investment (possessing surplus + disposal gains) reached 3.88 per cent (calculating value) in the first half of the year. On the other side of the claim investment (fvoci), other combined gains are growing rapidly (as shown in figure 5) and are growing faster, in addition to the two drivers mentioned above.
Retail credit risk rises with industry, and impairments and ill-treatment remain prudent. For forward-looking indicators, loan-of-interest groups account for an increase of 28bp to 1.02% at the end of comparison q1 (as shown in figure 6), consistent with industry trends, reflecting macro-level pressures;
Combine disturbances, consistent with industry trends, reflect employment and income pressures on the population; the low quality of public assets is stable, reflecting the resilience of the local entity. Company impairments and bad disposals remain prudent: loan impairment losses are equal to +20.10% and write-offs are lower.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: q2 interest income is expected to grow faster, driven by faster scale growth, lower interest differentials, and higher interest income. The next half year’s cut in fees is expected to be narrow, investment returns are expected to be more flexible, and revenues are expected to grow faster.
As the risk margins of the retail population of the industry rise, undesirable generation and disposal continue to be greater. We adjust the profit forecast accordingly to 0.66, 0.60, 0.54 times the August 30 collection price.
Risks are on the rise. Maintain corporate “buy-in” investment ratings. Figure 12024q2 Ningbo Bank adds more public loans than seasonal ones, with new individual loans weaker than seasonal units: billions, 22024q2 Ningbo bank deposits rising faster, left axis: billions
Figure 3 Increase in the percentage of Ningpo Bank ' s fixed-term deposits in the first half of the year. Figure 4 shows a marked decline in the cost of bank agents in the first half of the year.
Figure 6 Ningbo bank failure rate, delay rate stabilized, concern rate increased Appendix: three major statement forecast series, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.