High interest rate, which supports robust growth in revenue, investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 1h24th battalion pick-up rate, high interest rate performance
1q24 + 2.57 pcts, the company’s interest business remains above the steady growth of the industry. Net middle-income income yields, which are significant in terms of lower efficiency gains, support profit growth.
1h24 Ningbo Bank total assets, interest-bearing assets, loan sizes increase by the same year +16.67 per cent, +18.03 per cent and +20.59 per cent respectively. The growth in size is driven mainly by higher lending, with the second quarter growing at a slower pace than the first quarter (vs1q24+24.8 per cent), but it still stands.
In terms of loan structure, 1h24 pairs of public (including discounts) and individual loans have increased in retail lending, with retail loans showing better performance than the industry, achieving a higher rate of growth in the face of widespread demand for zero sales. 1h24 individual loans, operating loans, mortgages, etc.
This represents an increase of +23.75 per cent, +8.06 per cent, +13.7 per cent respectively, with consumer loans being the main growth engine for retail sales at Ningbo Bank.
1h24 Ningbo Bank total liabilities, interest-bearing liabilities, size of deposits + 16.44%, +12.92%, +18.72% and the share of deposits in interest-bearing liabilities continues to rise.
The Ningpo Bank’s liabilities are even more prominent when the stocking capacity is maintained at a relatively high level, with a ban on manual interest payments. The ratio of public and personal deposits has remained almost equal at the end of the previous year, with an annual rating of 2.2023: cash elimination, retail sales, etc.
• The lower line of net interest differentials is smaller and the lower end-of-debt cost vs. interest differentials 1h24 N24 Bank net difference rings between 3bps and 1.87% below 1q24, with a new net difference of 3 bps to 1.87%.
There is a decline of between 14bps and 2.17% in the same caliber (1h24 caliber adjustment at Ningpo Bank to exclude interest payments on “investment returns” from the transactional financial assets held during the “interest expenditure” period).
The asset rate of return fell from 2023a by 11bps to 4.05%, the cost of the interest-bearing liability by 3bps to 2.12%, and the lower end-of-the-end cost of the liability by encouraging the difference.
It is expected that there will be a structural recovery before the rest of the country. While the 2h24 difference is still under downward pressure due to the combined effects of such factors as continuing downs in market interest rates and increasing competition for high-quality capital, the effect of the restructuring of the deposit and the adjustment of the listed interest rates has become even more apparent and is expected to shrink down.
• The overall asset quality was robust, with a slight increase in the risk of a loan tail bank of 0.76 per cent, six consecutive quarterly round balance and a robust asset quality. The rate of interest increased from 1q24 by 28bps to 1.02 per cent. A provision of 420.55 per cent was made,
The impact of the credit differential grant strategy is evident. There has been a marked improvement in the asset quality of wholesale and retail loans in public loans, with a negative rate of between 8bps and 0.39% lower than 2023a, with wind control power remaining strong.
The core management team is stable, strategic communications efficient, and corporate governance mechanisms are difficult to replicate and sustain. The ability to diversify financial services is scarce, the wind is strong, and assets are of excellent quality.
The company has a full license, and future withdrawals, funds, finance, and co-benefits are expected to be released further. We fine-tune interest rate risks based on semi-annual reports: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for good-quality assets increases and interest differentials narrow.
Market risk: The downside of macro and regional economies has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. Business risk: less than expected economic growth and a sharp drop in financing demand have slowed credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.