Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The scale continues.
(yoy+7.1%) with a net return of 13.35 billion yuan (yoy+5.4%); the annual roe became the first city commercial bank in the country to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 19th.
“Corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets”
Size, cost, and provision release are mainly positive contributions, as measured by the scale, credit card, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, 1h24 profit growth and splits on a year-on-year basis.
Looking at the 1h24 profit growth rate, which is slightly lower than 1q24, the marginal contribution is increased by a growth model of scale and a good brand image. The pace is moving, the negative impact of the spread is diminishing; the marginal contribution is reduced by the further negative negative impact of non-interest.
Profit-making, provision-release and revenue-reducing negative impact on profitability are declining.1 Gains have increased steadily and net interest income has increased at a slower rate.In volume terms, companies have been growing faster in the first half of the year, with interest-generating assets, credit, and deposits at the beginning of the year.
The Division continues to maintain a relatively rapid expansion in size, as evidenced by its strong capacity to tap into client financing needs. The banks have taken the initiative to strengthen lending.
The net interest differential has decreased slightly, significantly better than the industry. Further splits its assets and liabilities, asset returns have fallen by 11 bp compared to the previous year, the cost of liabilities has fallen by 3 bp, and asset returns have fallen better than the industry is the main reason, and we judge that it is related to the lower share of corporate platform loans and individual mortgages, and to the groundfall.
In the first half of the year, the corporate rate of return on public loans was 4.3%, a decline of only 9bp compared to the previous year, reflecting the firm’s stronger capacity to invest in loans and to price. In terms of the pricing of human loans, it was influenced by the weakening of the residential sector and increased competition in the industry, with the overall price setting being made.
The firm's asset-end pricing capacity is strong, the end of the liability has not improved significantly in terms of price balance, and there is room for subsequent declines. Thus, overall, the net difference is expected to remain flat or narrow, with a 2.5% increase in fair value movements.
We judge that, under the downward trend in interest rates, firms are either willing to increase the allocation of debt bonds, mainly in the context of increasing interest income. Overall, the share of non-interest income in revenue collection continues to be subject to changes in capital markets and bond investment strategies.
3 Retail failure continues to rise, and asset quality and provision remain excellent. 1h24 ring ratio continues to rise by 27bp to 1.02%. 1h24 plus write-off is negative production rate of 1.28%, which is 32bp higher than the previous year, mainly because retail loans are not properly generated.
Lew, at the end of June, the rates of poor personal consumption loans and personal operating loans were 1.56% and 3.04% respectively, with retail downgrades corresponding to industry trends. In our view, the low rate of bad lending in the corporate category is stable and persistent.
It is expected that the economy will be more robust and better with a robust economy. The company is now well placed to provide security, risk offsetting investment advice: what is more than expected is that the company will be able to sustain a faster expansion in size, with a certain resilience in net interest differentials, and demonstrate a better asset-end swing capability; what is in line with expectations is bad retail upswing but asset quality and allocation.
The overall level of preparedness is stable: slightly lower than expected, the growth of non-interest income has been somewhat slower, judging the main exposure to capital, the impact of the market and different considerations of bond investment strategies. We believe that Ningpo Bank's high-scale expansion is expected to sustain, net spreads are more resilient, and non-interest income is likely to fall further from the low base in the second half of last year.
We continue to look forward to high corporate growth: first, Ningpo Bank is expected to continue to benefit from the region’s economic development in the long triangle. Second, the marketability of corporate institutional mechanisms, strategic enforcement, and high-quality expansion base.
Power, prudential wind control, and diversification of operations. Third, the diversified profit centers have gradually strengthened and are expected to maintain a steady and faster growth of revenue and profits, with 0.8 times the 24-year target pb, and a source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
Figure 1: Ningbo Bank 1h24, net profit with ratio + 7.1%, + 5.4%, Figure 2: Ningpo Bank single-quarter revenue, pop, net profit with rate of increase, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank 1q24, 1h24 performance split
East financial and intellectual sources Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The scale continues to grow and the net interest differentials are resilient — semi-annual review in 2024. Figure 6: Ningpo Bank ' s non-performing loan ratio at the end of June was flat at 0.76 per cent, closing
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The scale continues to grow and the net difference is resilient — the semi-annual review in 2024.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East is reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): The scale continues to increase and the net interest differential is resilient - the semi-annual 2024 certificates do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute offers or offers for the securities in question, and the investors make any changes on that basis.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.