Innovatively driven RF chip leader, fully benefiting from 5g July 2019 and national production substitution
Chewie: innovatively driven front-end microchip lead: R & D, design and marketing of the front-end microchip of the company ' s deep-dry radio frequency, company emphasis on R & D inputs and product innovation, outstanding technical strength in the field of radio frequency switches and radio frequency Low noise amplifiers, product market competitiveness, domestic
The company now accumulates well-known foreign and domestic smart mobile terminal customers, such as Samsung and Mi, and the market position is significant. The company's performance returned to the fast-growing path in the first quarter of 2019, the size of the collection grew at a high rate, and profitability continued to improve as it did.
With the release of the 5g demand for the front end of the radio frequency (RF) and the introduction of the RHF front end-side replacement process, the growth of the company’s performance is sufficiently dynamic. 5g drives a boom in the front end of the radio frequency (RF) chip market, with a wide national production replacement space: the radio front end core.
The film is a core part of the mobile communications system, and with the upgrade of the mobile communications system to 5g, major development opportunities arise from the segments of the RF front-end chip market. However, the market for the RF front-end chip market has a low rate of national production, and national production substitution is imperative. In the future, domestic manufacturers are expected to be on RF switches, radio frequencies, and radio frequencies.
The first breakthrough was in the area of low-noise amplifiers, while the RF power amplifiers and RF filters market fields, where materials and devices were designed with innovative opportunities for bending overcarriage. Technological innovation drives national production, and high-quality customer resources highlight market competitiveness: companies before radio frequencies.
The end chip market has been deep-ploughed for many years and has accumulated a number of cores in material, process and device design. Technology, developed radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise amplifiers products have shown significant performance and cost advantages, while companies are active in setting up high-end product markets such as radio frequency magnifiers and filters.
Consider a significant boost to the national production replacement process for radio front-end chips. The company’s products are now being imported into global front-line smart mobile terminal customers, such as Samsung and Mi, with a marked increase in brand visibility and a promising future of more high-quality customer resources and market competitiveness.
▪ Profit prediction and investment rating: the company's deep-dry front-end chip market, where product markets are highly competitive, is expected to benefit fully from the growth in demand for radio front-end chips from 5g and from national production. We anticipate that low-noise amplifiers products are highly competitive in the market, while active layout of radio frequency magnifiers and filters
Waver products, company performance growth kinetic energy, based on comparable company valuations, are given to the winner: innovatively driven front-end microchip lead manufacturer, Chewie was established in 2012 to conduct research, design and marketing of the front-end RF chip, including products.
Radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, etc., front-end RF chips with relevant chip ip authorization and wide range of products for mobile smart terminals such as smartphones. 1.1. Companies focus on research and development innovations in radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers
The company ' s products consist mainly of radio frequency switches and low radio frequency noise amplifiers, while products such as frequency power amplifiers and filters are being actively deployed.
Radio frequency switches serve to connect any or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals by controlling logic to achieve a switch from the signal path, including reception to launch, inter-frequency switching, etc., for the purpose of sharing antennas and saving the cost of the end product. The main types of radio frequency switches are mobile communications conductors, wifi switches, etc.
Antenna switches, etc., are widely applied to mobile smart terminal products such as smartphones. The working principles of radio frequency switches are illustrated in the graph below: when the control port of the radio frequency switch is attached to different voltage, the radio frequency switches will show different connectivity. For example, when the control port is added to the positive voltage,
Connect port 1 with port 3 and connect port 2 with port 3; when the control port is placed on zero voltage, connect port 1 with port 3 with port 2 with port 3. (2) Radio frequency low noise amplifier
The function of a low radio noise amplifier is to magnify the faint radio frequency signals received by the antenna, while minimizing the introduction of noise and achieving better signals, better communication quality and higher data transmission rates on mobile smart terminals. Depending on the appropriate frequency, the low radio noise amplifier product can be divided into a low radio noise amplifier for the global satellite positioning system.
Mobile communications signal low-noise amplifiers, television signal low-noise amplifiers, FM low-noise amplifiers. The above-mentioned four types of low-noise amplifiers products are widely applied to mobile smart terminals such as smartphones.
Pressure, magnified by a magnification device, while significantly reducing the introduction of its own noise during the magnification process, and then converted through the output matching network into a magnified signal output. Other products of the company include, inter alia, low-power blue-tooth microcontrolr chips and wifi, blue-tooth/low-power blue-tooth, and tune.
Productions such as ip for modem design. 1.2. Corporate equity concentration. Corporate equity concentration, 36.18 per cent after distribution by Xu Zhihan, Chenhuifeng and zhuangtang combined control companies
1.3. Performance returns to a fast-growing channel, with continued improvement in profitability (1) revenue collection, net profit and composition of business
4.45 per cent, mainly as a result of the restructuring of the products procured by the company ' s main client, Samsung, which led to a decline in corporate sales, accompanied by the gradual import of new products into Samsung and the expansion of new domestic customers, the company ' s sales began to pick up, with $181 million in corporate operating income in the first quarter of 2019, representing an increase of 41.97 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $41,77.28 million.
The company’s main business is prominent, with 461 million yuan in radio frequency switch products in 2018, about 82% of the total, and 84,357,000 yuan in radio low-noise amplifiers, or about 15% of the total.
Figure 8: Changes in costs and rates during the company period (2) Long-term high profitability of companies 52.78 per cent of corporate product Māori in the first quarter of 2019, 0.9 percentage points lower in comparison with net interest rate
22.73 per cent, an increase of 3.99 percentage points over the same year. However, the company ' s Māori rate remains at a high level of over 50 per cent, and future Māori levels are expected to recover further as the company optimizes its product structure.
The company has a well-established and innovative research and development and management team, and its founders graduated from Qinghua University and the University of Santa Clara in the United States of America, and worked in well-known semiconductor companies such as Toshiba and Atoga.
Prominent national and international chip designers, such as companies and broadcom, with excellent technical skills and wealth The firm attaches great importance to R & D inputs, which account for 53.85 per cent of the total workforce and provide an important talent base for continuous corporate innovation; in recent years, the share of R & D costs has stabilized at around 10 per cent for companies.
Investment projects are the development and replenishment of the company’s main business, the radio frequency switch and the project to upgrade and industrialization.
(b) RFID and module R & D and R & D and M projects will invest in R & D and R & D and R AM projects to improve the layout of the company's products in the field of R HF chips;
In addition, building on existing products, the company will develop and develop microcontrolr chips for object networking, which will continue to enrich the company’s business lines, further enhance the profitability of its products and continuously enhance the overall competitiveness of the company.
2.1. The RF front-end chip is a core part of the 5g communications system. The RF front-end chip consists of radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency magnifiers, binoculars, radio frequency filters, etc.
(a) A low frequency magnifying device used to achieve radio frequency signal magnification in the receiving channel; a radio frequency magnifying device used to achieve a launch corridor; a radio frequency filter used to retain signals in a given frequency band while filtering signals outside a given frequency;
Changes in the size of the market for radio front-end chips are driven mainly by the demand for mobile terminals. In recent years, as mobile terminals have become more functional, mobile terminals such as mobile phones, tablets, etc. have grown steadily. According to gartner, in 2017, the number of mobile terminals containing mobile phones, tablets, superpolars, etc. has reached 2,326 million.
The overall increase in the demand for mobile smart terminals by end consumers is due mainly to the fact that mobile smart terminals have become a rich portable device with a single function that meets end-user network video communications through operating systems and various applications.
Meanwhile, as mobile smart terminals achieve these demands, mobile data transmissions and speeds increase significantly and maintain a rapid growth trend. According to China’s Industrial Information Network, global data levels will be close in 2020.
The continuous increase in the volume and speed of mobile data transmission depends mainly on changes in mobile communications technology and the performance of the radio front-end chips that accompany it. Over the past decade, the communications industry has experienced several significant increases from 2g (gsm/cdma/edge) to 3g (wcdma/cdma2000/td-scdma) and to 4g (fdd-lte/td-lte)
Industry upgrades. In the process of 4g penetration, Web access and other features are widely used in high-end smartphones, reflecting the ability of smartphones to accommodate different modes of communication and becoming one of the core indicators for testing the performance of smartphones. Figure 16: A road map for change in mobile communication technologies
In order to improve the ability of smartphones to be compatible with different modes of communication, there has been a marked increase in the number of radio front-end chips in 4g compared to 2g and 3g, and the overall value of radio front-end chips in single smartphones has been increasing. According to yoledevelopment, the value of radio front-end chips in 2g smartphones is $0.9, 3g
The value of the RF front-end chips in smart phones has risen significantly to $3.4 and 4g smartphones in support of regional communications have reached $6.15, while the value of the RF front-end chips in high-end smartphones has reached $15.30, which is 17 times the value of the RF front-end chips in 2g smartphones.
The market size of the radio front-end chip industry continues to grow rapidly in the context of aircraft penetration. As commercialization of 5g approaches, the existing standards for mobile communications and networked communications under the 5g standard are expected to be harmonized, and the application of radio front-end chips under the unified standard is expected to expand further in the future, while the 5g era alone
The value of radio front-end chips on smart phones is also expected to continue to rise. According to qyrestersresearchcenter, the global radio front-end field size grew at an annual compound growth rate of 13.10% between 2011 and 2018, reaching $14,910 million in 2018.
The size of the global radio front end market is expected to continue to grow at a high rate of 16.00 per cent per annum, close to $31.310 billion in 2023.
In the case of smartphones, as a result of changes in mobile communications technology, smartphones need to receive more frequency radio frequency signals. According to yoledevelopment, smartphones supported no more than 10 frequencies in 2011 and before, and with the spread of 4g communication technology, smartphones supported nearly 40 bands in 2016, and therefore moved.
The number of radio frequency switches in mobile smart terminals needs to be increased to meet the demand for receiving and launching signals in different bands. At the same time, smartphone casings are now more manual, better-looking metal casings, to some extent creating a shield for radio frequency signals, and require antenna tuning switches to increase the ability of antennas to receive signals in different bands.
Global radio frequency switch markets have experienced sustained rapid growth since 2011, with global market size reaching $1,654 million in 2018 and projected qyredictronics researchcenter to reach $2.290 billion in 2020 and with 5g.
Commercialization construction peaks at a slower pace thereafter. Global markets, 2018-2023, figure 19: Changes in the size of the global radio frequency switch market ($ billion).
With changes in mobile communications technology, mobile smart terminals require higher demand for signal reception quality and require a follow-up treatment of the signal that the antenna receives. A normal magnifying device can introduce noise at the same time as a signal, while a low-frequency noise amplifier can minimize noise and is therefore widely used. Global radio frequency low noises in 2018 are widely used.
The amplifier income was $1.421 billion and, with the gradual spread of 4g, the number of antennas and radio frequency circuits in smartphones increased and the demand for low radio frequency noise amplifiers increased rapidly, while the commercialization of 5g would drive the global low radio frequency noise amplifiers market to peak in 2020, reaching $1.794 billion in 2023.
Radio-frequency power amplifier market analysis Radio-frequency power amplifier is a major component of the radio-frequency launch system. In the front-stage circuits at the launch end, the modem is very low and requires a series of amplifications (buffer, intermediate magnification, end).
Level power magnification level) is sufficient to feed radiation into the antenna. In order to obtain enough radio frequency output power, a radio frequency amplifier must be used. After the modem produces a radio frequency signal, the radio frequency caller is enlarged by the radio frequency amplifier to a sufficient power, match the network, and fired by the antenna at 5g.
In the future, according to qorvo data, radio power amplifiers applied to 5g will reach 120w and 80% efficiency, a significant increase from the previous technology. With the technological upgrading of radio power amplifiers in the 5g era, the global market for radio power amplifiers is also expected to stabilize.
Set growth, according to yole data, in 2018 the global radio frequency magnifier market was about $4.921 billion, compared to the radio frequency filter market analysis, which is a signal that allows the passage of a given frequency range and prevents a signal beyond that frequency range.
The adopted electrical network or device is the core part of the radio frequency front end module and the highest value in the radio frequency front end module. According to yole data, the global radio frequency filter market was about $8.859 billion in 2018, an increase of 19.86 per cent compared to the projected market size of $21.03 billion in 2023.
With the development of mobile communications technology, especially the frequency of mobile communications in the 5g era, the number of mobile terminals for medium-frequency filters has increased significantly: on the other hand, the upgrading of mobile communications systems requires increasing performance of filters (high frequency harmonics, q values, dimensions and power capacity) and future high-end filters such as baw, fbar and so forth.
The rising ratio is expected to lead to a significant increase in the overall value of filters in mobile terminal equipment, thus contributing to high-speed growth in the global radio-frequency filter market. With overseas giants monopolizing the front end of the radio-frequency chip market, national production is becoming a necessity.
The market for radio front-end chips is monopolized by large overseas players with a high concentration of global radio front-end chip markets. At present, the skyworks, qorvo, broadcom and murata together account for about 85 per cent of the global market share. Domestic radio front-end chip products continue to rely heavily on imports and are replaced by national production.
The world’s fifth largest market share is in the radio-frequency switch market, but the city’s share is only 5%. The top four are skywords (United States), orovo (United States), murata (Japan) and broadcom (United States).
The global market for low-noise amplifiers is 77%. The world market for the first five RF low-noise amplifiers is combined with the world markets for the top five (United States), on semiconducator (United States), infinion (Germany), ti (United States) and nxp (Netherlands), the world market for global radio frequency amplifiers, the top three skywords (United States), qrovo (United States) and broadcom.
In the global market for saw filters, the top five muratas (Japan), tdk (Japan), yaiyoyuden (Japan), skywords (United States), qrovo (United States) together account for 95% of the global market share. In the global market for fbar filters, the broadcom (United States) is the largest global market.
Eighty-seven per cent of the market share, plus qrovo (United States) and yaiyoyuden (Japan) account for 8 per cent and 3 per cent of the cities, respectively.
It is the main driver of technological upgrading. Unlike processor products that pursue arithmetic performance enhancement, the development of the front end chips of the radio frequency is not entirely dependent on a microscopic procession, but rather on an iterative upgrade of technology based on innovation in the design and material of the device structure, seeking a balance at the end of the product performance, power consumption and cost.
Figure 27: Innovative route of the radio front-end chips: Figure 28: Market size ratio of each type of radio-frequency front-end chips in 2017
The market size of large instruments is relatively small, and there is little difference in the size of inputs from overseas and domestic producers in this area, so the markets for radio frequency switches and low-frequency noise amplifiers are expected to take the lead in achieving a breakthrough in national production substitution. On technology routes, the technology of radio frequency switches relies mainly on product design innovations, of which rfmems
Switches, as a way of using mems technology to achieve a more diverse design of radio frequency switches, are becoming the focus of industry layouts where lfmems switches can significantly reduce penetration losses, increase reliability, longevity and integration, achieve single-sword multi-throw function, and meet the multi-mode multi-frequency communication needs of future radio frequency systems.
The development of low radio frequency noise amplifiers is much more the result of technological and material innovations, low radio frequency by cnos process. Noise amplifiers can be compatible with the ic process, thus significantly reducing product costs, product competitiveness, and amplifiers using second- and third-generation semiconductor materials such as arsenic, americium oxides, nitrous americiums, etc., in power, velocity, frequency, temperature special.
There are significant advantages in sex, which is the focus of future low-noise amplifiers. Figure 29: adilfmemems switch product. The market size of the RF amplifier in the front end of the radio frequency chip is higher and is the focus of overseas RF manufacturers.
In the central area, the future development of radio frequency power amplifiers is similar to the development of low-frequency noise amplifiers, relying mainly on innovations in material technology, where arsenicated thorium replaced silicon-based processes with prominent material electron properties in the 3g era as mainstream materials for radio frequency power amplifiers, while the material electromechanical properties of third-generation semiconductor materials for nitrogenated thorium have increased.
At present, silicon and arsenicized thorium are less mature than the nitride preparation process, and the bottlenecks in material development and preparation present opportunities for domestic manufacturers to catch up and break through the RF amplifiers market, and the RF amplifiers, who are the first to make a breakthrough in advanced materials, are expected to turn over.
Radio frequency filters are the biggest segment of the front-end core market, the highest weight of the layout of the big overseas giants, and there is a greater technical breadth and difficulty in developing radio frequency filters from the design of the device to the selection of the voltage material. With regard to the design of the device, the direction of the HF filters in the future of the radio frequency system is the fbar filter, and the low frequency filters are still selected for use.
Saw filters, voltage materials involving aluminium nitrogenide, lithium silicate, lithium tantalumate, etc.. fbar filters, however, have a high market concentration, a 77% share of the market for the Botox family, and are more difficult to break, given the need for low-frequency compatibility in the process of upgrading the RF communications system in the future, the use of saw filters will continue to increase, and domestic manufacturers are expected to use low- and medium-frequency filters.
According to China Manufacturing 2025, published by the State Council in May 2015, “40% of the core base zero parts and key basic materials will be secured by 2020,” and “70% of the core base parts and key base materials will be secured by 2025.”
In this process, the radio front-end chip industry will gradually increase its strategic position as products are widely applied to mobile smart terminals. At present, our radio front-end chip has formed a complete industrial chain from design, replacement, and sealing.
The country's RFID front-end chip represents a major development opportunity, with a significant increase in ownership of the RHF front-end chip market, a full-scale beneficiary-substitution, technological innovation driving national production, and high-quality customer resources highlighting market competitiveness.
3.1. In the field of attack on radio frequency switches and low noise magnifiers, core technological innovations promoted national production substitution. In 2013, based on accumulation in the field of radio frequency technology, the company, in combination with a deep understanding of the standard cos process, was able to accurately capture the needs of its clients for applications and developed the standard cos process to achieve radio frequency reception switches and low radio frequency noise.
A single chip integration scheme for sound amplifiers (i.e. cos switch lownoise amplifier design method) and programmes for achieving high-performance low-noise amplifiers by cos process (i.e. cos low-noise amplifier design method) to bring radio frequency low-noise amplifiers by standard cos process close to the use of special materials such as gaas and sigeda
The coms switch low noise amplifier design and the coms low noise amplifier design are designed to produce products at a lower cost, providing high value cmos low noise amplifier products, further consolidating the company’s cost advantage. In addition, the coms switch low noise amplifier design also meets the client’s decision.
In 2015, the company ' s core technical staff, based on years of in-depth knowledge of gaas device technology, combined with the company ' s experience in the use of low-frequency radio noise amplifiers in large-scale shipments of global positioning systems, moved through multiple traffics within two years.
The film was designed to optimize, and the method of using gaasphemt technology to achieve high-frequency high-performance low-noise amplifiers (i.e. gaasphemt low-noise amplifiers) was successfully acquired. The gaasphemt low-noise amplifiers were designed to meet the customization needs of customers such as wisol, and the products in question had already been exported and were favourable to the company ' s radio frequency.
On the other hand, in 2014, in the face of a gap in demand for radio frequency switches caused by the technological upgrade of 4g, companies actively moved into this area, with a variety of end-use requirements based on the previously mentioned technology of radio frequency reception with the cos process.
Together with the radio frequency switch function design, companies have developed innovative ways of working out a combined version of the radio frequency switch, different radio frequency switch sets sharing a common set of bottom crystals templates that can quickly achieve the volume of radio frequency switches for different functions by changing the way the top metal is connected.
Through this collage, the company ' s radio frequency switch product technology has evolved rapidly: on the one hand, through the sharing of bottom crystallization templates, multiple model products can be tested in the same batch, shortening the R & D cycle, reducing R & D costs and consolidating R & D advantages; on the other hand, based on rapid R & D and production, the company ' s product platform
Rapid upgrading has enhanced the competitive edge of products. Technology innovation has been one of the core strategies of companies that have developed a number of major players in radio frequency switches and radio low noise amplifiers.
In the future, for radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers products, and in order to consolidate and enhance their competitive advantages in this field, companies will continue to upgrade technology to develop products based on different materials, processes, and to expand the application landscape that applies to the 5g communications requirements, while companies are also actively developing radio frequency magnifiers and filters to form a complete RF front-end core.
A matrix of products and custom-made products tailored to the differentiated product needs of clients; while materials, processes will be upgraded, companies will coordinate simultaneous upgrades of foreign vendors such as crystal circle manufacturers, sealing plants, etc., in order to continue to provide high-quality, technologically leading, high-value products to clients, further expand the range of mobile smart end-user customers.
3.2. Product penetration into global front-line smart mobile terminal customers, competitiveness highlights the company ' s reliance on R & D and quality advantages, leading the market in radio frequency switches and radio frequency low-noise amplifiers
In 2012, the company became a qualified supplier of Samsung, currently the company ' s top customer, with the company ' s technological capabilities, product quality, cost competitiveness, ability to deliver higher than the average of its equivalent suppliers, receiving a class A rating for two years in a row.
There has been a marked increase in the brand visibility of the company, with products and services being introduced, upgraded, upgraded and replaced more easily accepted by the market, as well as a further improvement in the ability to develop new customers. Mi is now the second largest client of the company, accounting for about 13% of the revenue in 2018, in addition to the company ' s products.
The market share of companies in China’s product plates is expected to continue to rise as the products of smart end-users such as China’s, affiliated, tcl’s, increase the emphasis on national production of spare parts and components. Radio frequency switches: companies master core technology in the field of radio frequency switches, with product replacements fast, cost and sex.
There is a remarkable market competitiveness in terms of productivity. From 5g and national production to replace demand for radio frequency switches, the output of corporate radio frequency switches is expected to grow at a high rate, while the product structure is expected to be improved through product technology upgrades, corporate radio frequency switches and product profitability is expected to increase, leading to a sustained increase in the size of the harvest.
Radio frequency low noise amplifiers: The company has achieved a number of technological innovations in the field of radio low noise amplifiers, and the product has a significant output advantage ... while meeting the needs of downstream customers for customization. In the future, with the continued release of 5g demand for radio low noise amplifiers, the company ' s low frequency noise amplifiers products are expected to import more customers and achieve high performance growth.
The company’s deep-dry front-end chip market, which is highly competitive in the product market, is expected to fully benefit 5g and national production replacements of hundreds of millions, reaching eps of 3.63, 4.82, 7.24, corresponding to 57, 43, 28 times. Considering the competitiveness of the company’s radio frequency switches, low-frequency noise amplifiers and positive layout of radio frequency magnifiers and filter products,
The company ' s performance growth dynamic is sufficiently dynamic to take into account comparable corporate valuations, giving a 50-fold targetpe for 2020, the target (total market value, collection data updated to 19 July 2019; all but the company ' s eps, pe data are from a consistent wind expectation) 1) industry volatility risk: the semiconductor design industry is closely linked to semiconductor industry development, the global semiconductor industry
It is characterized by cyclical technological developments and cyclical market fluctuations. While the global semiconductor industry has moved towards maturity in recent years, with industry fluctuations becoming narrower and less cyclical, it may still be adversely affected by industry-wide cyclical fluctuations.
2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: R&D at the front end of the radio frequency is more specialized, there are certain technical barriers, technology development is difficult and research and development inputs are high, and if research and development for a new generation of products is less advanced than expected, the model and speed of growth in the company ' s core business may be affected.
2) Customer failure: A change in the firm's stable partnership with its major clients as a result of the slowdown in downstream demand, or the failure of the client to open up as expected, could have a negative impact on the company's business performance.