Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE)
Internal radio frequency switch taps, 5-g demand multipliers and national production replacements, domestic radio frequency switch poles, fast growth in performance: Radio frequency front-end chips are used in the main product, and radio frequency is the main product.
Switches, low radio noise amplifiers, filters, etc., and provides ip authorization for mobile intelligence such as smartphones, with annual receipts of up to 46.1 per cent, one of the first companies in the industry to achieve a low radio noise amplifier product based on the lfcmos process, and one of the first companies to launch an integrated radio frequency low noise amplifier and a single chip product internationally.
The company has seized the momentum of radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers, the acceleration of feed import, the increase in the share of millet, vivo, popo, and Chinese imports of new customers. The complexity of the front end of the 5g radio frequency has increased significantly, with zero components rising in value: the front end chip of the radio frequency includes power amplifiers.
(pa), antenna switches (switch), filters (filter), diplexers (duplexer and diplexer) and low-noise sound amplifiers (lna) play a central role in multi-mode/multi-frequency terminals. The increase in frequency of 5g poses new challenges for radio frequency setters, and 5g is expected to double the number of antennas and the value of the front-end modules of radio frequency.
The value of the front end of the 5g radio frequency will reach $20-25, an almost doubling of the 4g mobile phone, with the S10+5g mobile phone front end value of more than $30. Global radio front end market size is $15 billion in 2017, and mems is expected to reach $35.2 billion in 2023, with a 14% compound annual growth rate.
The demand for 5g has multiplied, national production has replaced it, and radio frequency switch operations have a lot of potential: in the field of radio frequency switches, there is a large market share qorvo, apple phones have a large number of switches and tuners, basically supplied by qorvo, and there is a larger supply of qorvo, infinion, and nxp in mobile phone manufacturers such as Samsung, Huai, Vivo, Opo.
Three out of three major customers, representing less than 15% of the three stars (including swatch, lina, tuners). In addition to the three stars, the share of rice, vivo, and oppo is low, China has just imported, and there is much potential for national production to replace it in the context of trade friction between China and the United States. 5g mobile phone radio frequency switches will increase from 10 to more than 20, with a significant increase in single machine value.
In our view, the company’s radio frequency switch business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years.
In addition to the existing radio frequency switches and the investment in the Lina project, fund-raising is planned to implement projects such as radio frequency filter chips and modules, radio frequency power, magnifiers chips and modules. We believe that companies have accumulated some technical and customer resources in the field of radio frequency.
Positive progress in modularization is expected to be achieved through autonomous research and development by component teams, seeking cooperation, and extended M & As.
Radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, etc., and provides ip authorization for use on smartphones Radio frequency switches: Radio frequency switches are used to connect any or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals through a controlled logic to achieve a switch between different signal paths, including reception and launch switching, switching between different frequency bands, etc., to achieve common access
The main types of products used for radio frequency switches are mobile communications conductors, wifi switches, antenna synthesizing switches, etc., which are widely applied to mobile smart terminals such as smartphones.
To reduce the number of noises and achieve better signals, better communication quality and higher transmission of data on mobile smart terminals. Depending on the applicable frequency, the GLONASS low-noise amplifiers, mobile communications signals, low-noise amplifiers, low-noise amplifiers for television signals, low-noise amplifiers for FM signals, and low-noise amplifiers for FM signals.
Other products: other chip products provided by companies include, inter alia, low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips.
The company provides wifi, classic bluetooth and low-power bluetooth radio frequency (RF) designs, as well as some modems entangled customers covering well-known mobile terminal manufacturers in the country and abroad, with Samstar being the largest customer: through direct sales and distribution, the company covers the demand for radio frequency front-end chips from many well-known mobile smart terminal manufacturers in the country and abroad.
Products for end-users such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, Vivo, Oppo, Association, Quakers, tcl, and others, are continuing to expand potential opportunities for cooperation with other smartphone manufacturers both at home and abroad.
The growth of corporate revenue and net profits has erupted. Since 2017, Samsung has exercised strict control over the import of new products from suppliers, combined with a sharp decline in the price of previously imported products in 2018, resulting in a decline in corporate revenue and profits in 2018.
▪ In 2019, the company achieved a revenue of $181 million, an increase of 41.97 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $41.77 million, an increase of 72.99 per cent. In the first half of the year, the profit is expected to be $120-133 million, an increase of 72-90 per cent, mainly in the import of three new stars, an increase in the share of rice, vivo, popo, and the import of Chinese new customers.
In terms of income structure, the company ' s RF switch operations have increased rapidly over the past five years, from 4.0% in 2014 to a Māori rate of over 50%. In terms of profitability, the company ' s collection of two major operations, radio frequency switches and radio frequency low noise amplifiers, has been relatively stable, with Māori rates on a year-to-year basis, with a high Māori rate authorized by Māori operations.
During the last five years, the net interest rate of the company as a whole has risen year by year, and the net interest rate in 2018 has already reached a better operating cash flow and low asset-liability ratios. While the net profits of the company are growing rapidly, the company has also been able to guarantee the high quality of its profits, and since 2015 the net operating cash flow of the company has been positive, rising rapidly from year to year, in 2018.
The current net operating cash flow of $134 million, or 82.7 per cent of the net profit relative to the parent, is based on the company ' s excellent business performance, the rapid expansion of the Division ' s size and the rapid decline in the asset-liability ratio, which has now declined to its position, with a sustained high investment in research and development in 2018, with the continued roll-out of new products and the promotion of rapid corporate growth.
The company’s radio front-end chip product has a strong technological lead, building on continuous research and development, and has obtained 56 patents (of which 48 are patents) and nine integrated circuit layout designs. The company’s high R & D input has also yielded better results, introducing new products and gradually importing Samsung, Huaieng, and small.
The customers of rice, vivo, oppo, etc., have made rapid progress. Figure 13: Number of employees of companies. Figure 12: Corporate R & D inputs
In the two-and-five-g era, the big opportunity at the front end of the radio frequency 2.1 front end of the radio frequency, the core of the mobile communications system.
Frequent, downloading pictures, online shopping, thanks entirely to the evolution of the front end of the radio frequency, every cell phone network (2g/3g/4g/wifi/gps) needs its own radio front end module to serve as a bridge between the cell phone and the outside world — the more functional the cell phone is, the more valuable it is.
The RF front-end module is the core component of the mobile terminal communication system, which can be understood in two ways: firstly, the necessity, which is the necessary route to connect the communication transceiver and the antenna; and secondly, its importance, whose performance directly determines the mode of communication that mobile terminals can support, as well as the strength of the reception signal, the stability of the call, the launch power.
The RF front-end chips include power magnifiers (pa), antenna switches (switches), filters (filter), double-engineering (duplexer and diplexer) and low-noise amplifiers (lna), etc., play in multi-mode/multi-frequency terminals.
2.25 g radio frequency (RF) difficulties have increased significantly and the volume of 5g radio frequency (RF) difficulties have increased significantly. The 5g frequency increase has created new challenges for RHF design. This challenge is particularly acute in the area of smart hands: on the one hand, mobile phones have become thinner, leaving less and less RF modules.
Space. These handhelds, in addition to support for the 5g frequency band, need to be compatible with previous networks such as lteadvanced/pro, 4g, 3g and 2g, which suggests a clear trend towards grouping smartphone radio front end models for radio front end devices such as pa, radio frequency switches, filters. To accommodate the need to lighten smartphones and reduce costs, radio frequency
The integration of the front end will also gradually increase, and the combination will grow, with 5g mobile phones, and mobile chips will need to be more integrated. The smaller the cellular radio frequency product, the smaller it will leave more space for cell phone manufacturers to perform other differential functions. The challenge of 5g will promote arsenicification of thongs (gaas), antenna tuning, baw filters, and antennas.
The front end of the radio frequency evolves along with the smart terminal, and in the 4g era smartphones usually use a 1 launch 2 reception structure. As a result of the addition of 5g frequency bands (n412.6 ghz, n773.5 ghz and n794.8 ghz), the 5g phone is pre-radio frequency.
The end will change, taking into account that 5g mobile phones will continue to meet the 4g, 3g, and 2g standards, so that the front end of 5g mobile phones will be extremely complex.
Figure 19: 5g smartphone radio-frequency front-end frame (received in 2-4) The challenge posed by 5g to suppliers, whether at the base station end or at the equipment terminal, is primarily in the field of radio frequency, because this is the key entry/exit point for the equipment “on-line” and the upcoming 5g mobile phone will face multiple challenges:
• More frequency support: as the familiar b41 becomes n41, n77 and n78, this requires more frequency, different modems: since 5g is focused on high-speed connections, there will be new changes in modem and more demands on the power side. In the 4g, for example, attention is paid to acpr. By the 5g, it will be more necessary.
Focus on the vm (generally less than 1.5%); The choice of the signal route: choose 4gancor+5g data connection or walk 5g, which will lead to a different choice of switch speed: while there is not much change in this area, srs will also present new challenges.
The introduction of other new bands, such as n77/n78/n79, will also have an impact on the front-end morphology of the radio frequency, driving forward-end module changes, meeting the requirements of new frequency bands and new mode of harmonization, etc.
♪ Keyrfchallengesfor5ghandsets includedin3gpprease15and16specifications... ♪
Callenge newbandswithunpreceded n77/n78andn79feand
Bands Bandwidth; acceleratedltebandre-drxxmodules
♪ Falling newwaveformswithvariablesubcarrier upgradedltefemsand ♪
Spacinganddynamypowerforceration+ drxmodulesfor5gnr lte
♪ Letancher+5gnr=dualuplink highformance signalrouting ♪
♪ Connection antennaplexers antennaturing ♪
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Ruting qorvo states that 5g will double the number of antennas and the value of radio front end modules. For example, a single cell phone has a radio frequency semiconductor of $20-30, almost double the 4g.
Wavers have increased from more than 20 to more than 30, frequency bands have increased from 20 to 30 (including 4g heavy-farming bands), radio frequency switches have increased from 10 to more than 20, and carrier polymers have increased from more than 10 to more than 20. 5g mobile phone power amplifier (pa) usage has doubled: pa is one of the most critical devices in a cell phone, and it is direct.
It determines the distance, signal quality, and even the waiting time for cellular wireless communication, which is the most important part of the entire radio frequency system, except for the base belt. The number of pa in the cell phone is increasing with 2g, 3g, 4g, 5g. The pa-magnifier is expected to reach $7.5 in a pa-module: at the same time, the unit price of pa is also significant.
The average unit price for 2g mobile phones rose to $1.25 for 3g mobile phones, compared to $3.25 for full model 4g mobile phones and $7.5 or more for 5g mobile phones.
Single launch module, 3g requires a 3g power amplifier, 4g requires more filters and double-worker carriers, and a multi-worker with the front end is required for synthesizing, and the power amplifier with the upper loader has to be redesigned for 2.35g drive, with the rapid growth in the market size of the front end of the radio frequency.
The front-end market size for mobile phones and Wifi connections was $15 billion in 2017 and is expected to reach $35.2 billion in 2023, with a 14 per cent annual compound growth rate. Radio frequency switches are the fastest growing. 5g mobile phones require significant additional radio frequency switches, about the size of the market in 2017.
One billion dollars, expected to grow to $3 billion by 2023, with a high compound rate of growth in 2017-2023 and a 19% compound annual growth rate in 2017-2023. The largest market in the radio front end industry is filters, which will grow from $8 billion in 2017 to $22.5 billion in 2023, with a 19% compound annual growth rate.
The growth is mainly due to a significant increase in the penetration rate of the baw filter, typical applications such as the ultra-high frequency band defined by 5gnr and the wifi segment antenna sharing. The power amplifier market has grown relatively robustly, with a compound annual growth rate of 7%, and will grow from $5 billion in 2017.
By 2023, $7 billion. Growth in the market for high-end lte amplifiers, especially HF and UHF, will compensate for the contraction of the 2g/3g market.
The 5g radio frequency will grow rapidly in 2020. The 5g will bring new opportunities for smart mobile terminals and iot equipment, which will inevitably lead to an increase in demand at the front end of the radio frequency. The global radio frequency market is projected to grow rapidly by 2020 at a total size of more than $20 billion, especially with regard to 5g radio frequency.
2.4 The demand for radio frequency switches continues to grow at a rapid pace, with low noise amplifiers slowing down the rate of increase in radio frequency switches at the front end of 5g mobile phones, with moderate growth in low noise amplifiers and a future trend towards being used by radio frequency switches. The effect of radio frequency switches is to control a logical link by either or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals.
Switches to achieve different signal paths, including reception and launch switching, switching between frequency bands, etc., for the purpose of sharing antennas and saving the cost of end-products. The main product categories of radio frequency switches are mobile communications steering switches, wifi switches, antenna modifiers, etc., which are widely applied to mobile smart terminals, such as smartphones.
The working principle of the radio frequency switch. When the control port of the radio frequency switch adds different voltage, the radio frequency switch ports will present circuit guidance with port 3, while the circuits connecting port 2 and port 3 are disconnected; when the control port adds zero voltage, the circuits connecting port 1 and port 3 are disconnected, and the circuits connecting port 2 and port 3 are connected.
Low-noise amplifiers. The function of the low-noise amplifiers is to expand the signal received by the antenna, minimize the introduction of noise, achieve better signals, better call quality and higher transmission data rates on mobile smart terminals. The company ' s low-noise amplifiers product is divided into global satellite positioning systems depending on the applicable frequency.
All four types of low-noise amplifiers should be used for mobile low-noise amplifiers such as smartphones.
The machine magnifies the voltage and minimizes the introduction of its own noise during the magnification process, and ends up using the output device network to convert it into a post-magnification signal output.
To reach $2.290 billion, and as commercialization of 5g peaks, growth will gradually be expected to reach a market size of $1.79 billion in 2023 for low noise amplifiers. With changes in mobile communications technology, mobile smart terminals impose higher demands on the quality of signals received, requiring the signal received by antennas to be scaled up for follow-up.
The usual magnifiers, while magnifying signals, have introduced noise, and radio low noise amplifiers have been widely used to minimize noise. Global radio low noise amplifiers generated $1.421 billion in 2018, increasing the number of antennas and radio frequency circuits in smartphones and requiring the number of radio low noise amplifiers as 4g spreads.
The commercialization of 5g will drive the global low-frequency noise amplifiers market to peak in 2020, reaching $1.794 billion in market size by 2023. Where are the three, and the few, growth spaces?
3.1 The front end of the radio frequency is monopolized by international giants, and the global front end market share of the radio frequency is largely occupied by companies such as Broadcom, skyworks, qorvo, murata, etc. Major chip designers in the industry generally provide the market with radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise magnifiers, radio frequency power at the same time
The main competitors in the industry include Eurocom, skyworks, qorvo, nxp, infinionon, murata, domestic competitor Reddico, national stubble, Weir shares, etc. At this stage, the global radio front-end chip market has been dominated by broadcom, skyworks, qorvo, etc.
Oorvo is the world’s largest radio frequency switch company. In the field of radio frequency switches, there is now a large market share of oorvo, with apple phones using a large number of switches and tuners, supplied basically by qorvo, and a larger share of cellular suppliers such as Samsung, Huaieng, vivo, opo, etc. qorvo, infinion and nxp.
As a self-reliant radio front-end chip division in China, it has made a breakthrough in core technology, broken the international blockade, and made rapid progress in recent years, especially in the production of radio frequency switches. The company focuses on research and development and marketing of integrated circuits in the field of radio frequency, with the help of excellent scientific and technological excellence.
Products and highly efficient services have evolved into major competitors in China’s radio front-end chip market, with a strong branding influence in the industry. Companies are among the first companies in the industry to produce low-frequency noise amplifiers based on the lfcmos process; and methods have been developed to integrate radio frequency switches, significantly reducing the supply of radio frequency switches.
Cycles, improved readiness, and patented inventions; one of the first companies to launch a single chip product with integrated radio frequency low noise amplifiers and switches internationally. 5g mobile phone antenna alignment is more important than ever. Antenna efficiency plays a key role in the overall rf performance of smartphones.
Importantly important. However, the current light design trends and rf needs of smartphones (especially the upcoming transition to 5g) mean that smartphones have to install more antennas in smaller spaces and/or improve the present — why the antenna needs to be reconciled?
With the number of frequencies, functions and modes required for mobile phones to operate, the design of the front end (rffe) of modern phones is becoming more complex. The number of antennas in smartphones has increased from 4 to 6 as a result of the need to use more antennas to provide higher data speeds using wave polymers (ca), 4x4mimo, w-fimimo and the new broadband frequency 5g.
Add to eight or more. At the same time, the space available for mobile system antennas has been reduced, resulting in a reduction in antenna efficiency. 5g mobile phones may need to support a frequency range as low as 600 mhz to up to 6 ghz. Cell phone antennas need to support a wider spectrum, largely because of the introduction of new 5g bands.
The typical number of antennas will increase from 4-6 of the utephones today to 6-10 of the 5g smartphones, making it increasingly difficult to install all these antennas into limited available spaces. The 5g full screen cellular antennas will increase in size and difficulty.
(b) As a result, there is less space available for antennas outside the screen, in addition to the fact that the trend of multiple cameras has become apparent, further reducing the space available in mobile phones. To install more antennas in smaller spaces means that the antennas are smaller and smaller, and the size of the antennas will reduce the efficiency of the antennas.
For 5g mobile phones, given the limited number of antennas, and the need for them to do so.
A wider range of frequencies needs to be supported, and the antenna is used to maintain performance. The second method is the antenna reuser (antennaplex). The antenna reuser uses individual modules to cover multiple frequencies, allowing multiple rf channels to be connected to the antenna at the same time, while preventing inter-channel interference. The antenna reuser is currently used by some type of lte mobile phone.
Ca signal, but it will be an indispensable component of 5g mobile phones to support the big double connection option defined in the 15th and subsequent versions of the codeca. 5g mobile phones may use multi-sky antenna-mixing solutions that restore some of the lost performances through antenna reconciliation.
Without calibration, antennas can achieve excellent performance within a limited range of frequencies, but additional antennas can achieve better performance within a broader range of frequencies. Antenna-reconciliators, such as anti-synchronizers and aperture modems, can support the higher belts required by ite smartphones.
Wide and carrier polymers. They enable antennas to work efficiently across the entire lte and 5g bands (from 600mhz to 5ghz), while saving battery power and making cellular designs thin. Antenna-reconciliation solutions include two methods: apertureturing (aperture) for optimizing multi-frequency antennas.
Rates and compensating for environmental impacts are particularly important; resistance to harmonization increases the overall radiation power by reducing the power to reflect from the antenna due to resistance. The radiation patterns and efficiency of the antenna depend on the size, shape, shell, exposure to the metal, and connection.
Surface shape and size. Unharmonized antennas are less efficient than well-coordinated antennas; by contrast, the more efficient they are, the greater their effectiveness, which means that they have a higher radioactivity and a larger range. Cell phones are predominantly permeable. In order to overcome problems caused by the reduced size and efficiency of antennas, mobile phones are dominated.
Aperture modem is used. Medium- and high-end smartphones use aperture and resistance modem to support an ever-expanding range of frequency bands, especially 5g applications. Resistance to modem maximizes the transmission of power between the front end of the radio frequency and the antenna, and increases trp and tis by minimizing the loss of matchage between the antenna and the front end of the antenna.
Aperture harmonisation optimizes the overall efficiency of the antenna from the free space of the antenna terminal and optimizes the efficiency of the antenna across multiple frequency bands. Aperture harmonisation has a significant impact on the efficiency of the antennas used for launching and receiving communications, depending on the application.
The emission power (trp) and overall sensitivity (tis) can increase by 3db or even more. Aperture alignment: switch alignment. Aperture alignment can have a significant impact on the efficiency of the antennas used for launching and receiving communications, depending on the application, total irradiation.
Radio power (trp) and overall sensitivity (tis) can be increased by 3db or even more. Connect an antenna to the ground to adjust the resonance frequency of the antenna to match the current frequency of cellular communications. Add different modems (voltage or electron) between switches and radiation elements to further adjust the resonance frequency to support different frequencies.
. The chart below shows the frequency of the synthesizing antennas when the switch is off, during the conductor, and when the electron is added to the circuit. In some applications (e.g., the main cell phone antenna), more complex multi-throwing switches can be used to connect multiple modem components, and a 5g mobile phone requires a larger split switch with a higher value.
qovro introduced a high-frequency switch solution for 5g mobile phones, with 5g and wi-fi connections. Under the program, a large number of additional radio-frequency switches are required. It is expected that 5g mobile phones will increase the split switch by 2-3 times the normal value. Oovro ' s 5g radio-frequency switches will achieve 5gnr coverage and low delaywi-fi and 5g speeds to provide enhanced systems.
Performance, first-class penetration loss, isolation and linearity. 3.3 Company benefits from 5g demand for radio frequency switches and national production replacements, and actively layouts pa and filters, which are now better developed in the field of radio frequency switches and are not high in terms of their client share.
The chain study found that companies currently account for less than 15 per cent of the three major customers (including swatch, lna, tuners). In addition to the three stars, the share of millet, vivo, oppo is also low, China is just new, and there is much to be gained from replacing national production in the context of trade friction between China and the United States, and the need to add a five-g radio frequency switch has multiplied.
In our view, the company’s radio frequency switch operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years.  active layout saw filters, pa, and mcu operations. In addition to continuing to expand existing radio frequency switches and lna project investments, the company plans to raise funds to implement radio frequency filter chip development and module development, radio frequency power.
The magnifying chip and module development and industrialization project, the iot-oriented research and development and industrialization project, actively expanding the product categories and laying the foundation for long-term sustainability. saw filter operations.
The saw filter development and design team, whose members have multi-year filtration design experience, successfully validated the design process and production process, completed product development and validation of the gps, wifi and multiple 4g frequency receiving route saw, and started to develop product structure and design processes suitable for the transceiver route saw.
Radio frequency power amplifiers. Currently, the RF power amplifiers are very low in the country, and the market owners of the global RF amplifiers are monopolized by United States manufacturers, with three major manufacturers: broadcom, skyworks and qorvo. According to yole development, these three companies accounted for 84 per cent of the market share of the global RF amplifiers in 2016.
At present, companies are mainly market-oriented in terms of radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, etc. The future direction of their development is in integrated modules. Companies plan to adapt actively to market demand by providing integrated radio frequency amplifiers modules that enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
▪ We believe that the company has made a breakthrough in the front end of the radio frequency chip-radio frequency switch and in the field of radio frequency, has accumulated a certain amount of technical and customer resources, and that despite the difficulty of filtering and power amplifiers, the company is expected to make positive progress in modularization through self-researching, seeking cooperation, extended M & As.
In addition to the three stars, the share of rice, vivos, oppo is not very high, and China has just been imported in China.
In the context of U.S. trade frictions, national production has much to offer, with 5g mobile radio frequency switches increasing from 10 to more than 20 and a significant increase in single machine value. We believe that the company ' s radio frequency switch operations are expected to continue to be high in the next three years.
(b) The company ' s competitors are the big international factories such as Botong, qorvo, Murada, and Skyworks, where the company ' s overall technology is weak compared to the big international plant and risks not keeping up with the pace of technological progress; (c) the power amplifier operation is technologically difficult and slow;
(4) The development of filters is difficult and requires the continuous integration of design and manufacturing techniques. The general enterprise is the idm manufacturer, the Dzino Fabless manufacturer, and the development of filters is limited; (5) the trend of low noise amplifiers (lna) is to be integrated into the module, where the module manufacturer has its own lna product.
There's a downside risk in the company's Ina business.