The 5-g booster to the south-west securities research and development centre.
● Specially injected front end of frequency products, with full coverage of mobile communication and object networking: Dzumi is the leading radio front end chip design company in the country, leading radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, etc., and one of the first companies in the industry to produce low-frequency noise amplifiers based on the rfcos process.
One of the first companies to launch an integrated radio frequency low noise amplifier and switch single chip product internationally has developed a combination of integrated radio frequency switches that significantly reduce the supply cycle and improve the readiness of radio frequency switches. The current applications include mainly communications and the Internet, with downstream customers covering three stars and three stars.
At the same time, competition for the same type of chip lowers the average unit price, resulting in a drop in the harvest. But with semiconductor, the semiconductor, the price of the same type of chip falls.
The acceleration of national production replacements, coupled with a marked decrease in company dependence on Samsung over the last two years, has led to a steady growth of the company’s two main lines of business and a significant optimization of its client structure. The company’s main radio frequency switch, low radio frequency noise amplifier, and the radio frequency switch is stable, with a slight decrease in the low noise amplifier.
The closing revenue was 460 million yuan, equal to 31% in 2016-2018, and the low noise magnifying device was 80 million yuan in 2018, a decline of 26% in comparison, mainly due to the decline in sales of three-star electronics to the first customer in 2018.
The sales of radio-frequency switches accounted for 82 per cent of the revenue, contributing a gross profit of $240 million, or 81.6 per cent of the total, and the company ' s customer structure had been significantly optimized in recent years, with the third-star electronic share of the first customer having dropped from 76.5 per cent to 46.1 per cent, dependence on a single customer having significantly decreased, and company revenue stability and downstream bargaining power had improved.
Euro, taking into account that commercialization of 5g will result in the release of demand for radio-frequency front-end chips, the company will be exposed to 58 times the risk of price warfare in 2019; the risk of less than expected completion of the project; and the risk of higher client dependency affecting the stability of the collection: exchange rate fluctuations.
One is dedicated to the front end of the frequency, and mobile communication and object networking covers all of the leading radio front end chip providers in the country.
In response to changing market demand, mobile digital television has moved from the area of communication and object networking. It was created to target mobile digital power, see chip products, develop integration algorithm chips with strength, and gain market recognition.
Change, the company's strategy has been repositioned as a microchip product that covers mobile communications and the network of things based on radio frequencies. The company, with its technological innovations and market openings, is now the first in the country in the field of radio frequency, thanks to its strong technical team and talent, relying on excellent products to cover high-quality clients such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, etc. in the field of radio frequency, and has established a long-term stable cooperative relationship.
The top five shareholders of the company are intelligence investments, ipv, Fengmingang, Tang Liang, Xu Zhihan, where intelligence investments are held by Xu Zhihan. The three shareholders, Xu Zhihan, Feng Jing Jing and Tang Liang, are now acting as acting together, controlling 48.2% of the company’s voting rights and being the actual controllers of the company.
The rapid growth in the 2015-2017 harvest is due to: 1) rapid growth in the domestic front-end chip industry. As integrated circuits become more widely applied downstream, electronic equipment is being upgraded and market demand for chips continues to rise.
The company’s research and development power provides a solid basis for its response to rapid growth and the emergence of new electronic consumer markets, allowing it to effectively seize market opportunities and introduce new products that are responsive to market developments. 3) The firm has a strong advantage in terms of quality customer resources.
Relying on R&D and quality advantages, the Division has built up good branding knowledge both domestically and internationally, covering the need for radio frequency front-end chips for a large number of well-known mobile smart terminal manufacturers in the country and abroad. The main reasons for the small drop in harvests in 2018 include: 1) the gradual increase in imports of existing products in 2018.
The volume of sales of some of the imported products declined: 2) in 2018 the total value of Samsung's procurement of suppliers declined, with an increase in the proportion of medium- and low-end products procured, resulting in a decrease in the number of sales to Samsung by companies and in the unit price. 3) The same type of chip product, after its introduction, declined gradually as the market became more competitive.
The high rate of growth in the previous period was largely due to the fact that companies maintained the Māori rate at a higher level by relying on their full and efficient R&D innovation capacity and scalding productive capacity. Net profits fell slightly in 2018, leading to an increase in the share of three major galaxies in procurement of medium- and low-end products, which resulted in lower average unit prices, combined with the introduction of the same-type chip product, which declined gradually as the market became more competitive.
The Māori rate declined slightly and the net interest rate remained high. In 2016-2018, the company ' s Māori rate was 62.1 per cent, 55.9 per cent and 51.7 per cent, respectively, and remained generally high. The slight decline in recent years was mainly due to the large variation in the exchange gains and losses of the company under the unit price of the same type of product due to strong competition. Companies had more offshore operations and offshore customers settled through the United States dollar, 2016.
The company lost $8.15 million in exchange losses as a result of the appreciation of the current renminbi. 18.9% less than in 2016, mainly through continuous product research and development, the company has established a relatively complete system of radio frequency switches and low-frequency noise amplifiers products, and is therefore investing in the development of new radio frequency switches and low-frequency noise amplifiers.
There has been a decrease in entry. In 2018, R & D costs increased by 41.5 per cent over 2017, mainly because of increased R & D investment in new types of existing R & D switches, low radio frequency noise amplifiers projects, on the one hand, and new R & D investments in new projects such as radio filtration filters, power amplifiers, etc., on the other, by company developers and developers.
There was an increase in the number of staff and in the average remuneration, research and development modelling fees, materials fees, and sealing fees. There was a sufficient stock of research and development talent.
70 employees, or 53.9% of the total workforce, including several high-level sales interest rates that have served in well-known national and international chip-design companies continued to improve, and the net asset rate of the company moved back to rational positions. The net asset rate of return for the company was split between 2016 and 2017 on the basis of the net interest rate of sales x total asset turnover x leverage, and the net interest rate of the sale was split between 2016 and 2018.
The reasons for this are high asset turnover and high leverage: the difference between 16 and 18 years is 24 per cent, with sales net interest rates contributing - 19 per cent, total asset turnover contributing 34 per cent and leverage contributing 9 per cent. The high asset turnover rate is mainly due to the rapid growth of 16 years of principal operating income driven by the demand of downstream terminal manufacturers, with revenue growing faster than asset size.
High, largely due to a single factor in high asset turnover. Eighteen years of steady harvest, a higher rate of increase in total asset size, and re-ration of roe. 3 Deep-dry radio-frequency front-end chips, impacting foreign monopolistic patterns
The company's main business is radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers, and radio frequency low noise amplifiers. The main business is research, development and marketing of radio frequency front-end chips. The core product is radio-frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, and so on.
In 2018, radio frequency switch sales generated $460 million, or 82 per cent, and contributed gross profits of $240 million, or 81.6 per cent; radio frequency low noise amplifiers, or 15 per cent, generated revenues of $80 million.
The radio frequency switch camp was stable and the low noise amplifier slightly decreased. The radio frequency switch camp received $460 million in 2018, the same amount as in 2016-2018, 31 per cent Cagr; the low noise amplifier camp received $80 million in 2018, the same amount.
Twenty-six per cent, mainly due to the decline in the number and amount of electronics sold by the company to its first customer, in 2018. In 2018, three-star pairs of suppliers declined overall procurement, with an increase in the share of medium- and low-end products procured, resulting in a decline in sales volume and unit prices. In addition, following the launch of the same-type chip product, as the market became more competitive, unit prices tended to decline, with issuers competing in 2018.
The proportion of complex products sold by Samsung is also lower than in 2017, so the average unit price in 2018 is also declining. Product rotations are faster, with competition pushing down the unit price for both core products.
In 2016-2018, the unit price for the sale of radio-frequency switches fell from 0.46 to 0.26 per unit, a decrease of 43 per cent; the unit price for the sale of Lina fell from 0.35 to 0.2 per unit per unit, a decrease of 43 per cent. Technological advances, together with scale effects, contributed to the cost reduction.
Thirty-two per cent of the unit cost of Inna was reduced by 25 per cent. The main reasons were, on the one hand, the company's invention of an integrated integrated radio frequency switch, which shortened the cycle of supply of radio-frequency switches and increased its readiness, and, on the other hand, the increased volume of procurement due to the expansion of the company's operations, as well as the increased fragmentation of suppliers and the increased bargaining power of suppliers.
Clients cover the mobile terminal giants, and the dependency of a single customer is gradually decreasing.
During the year, the income contribution of the first three-star electronics to issuers was 76.5 per cent, 67.5 per cent and 46.1 per cent, respectively, and the dependency of the single customer was gradually decreasing; the top five distribution clients, respectively, were positive and internationally, wise science and technology, plentiful, Woo Yang semiconductor, Quasi Electronics and other well-known distributors, widening the sales channels and the size of the company ' s operations.
The company, as a chip designer, is not directly involved in the manufacture of chips, such as crystal circle production, sealing, etc. The company’s supply chain consists mainly of top crystal manufacturer and chip sealer service provider. Crystal recorders include, among others, toowerjazz, and battery storage, respectively, 33% and 14%.
In the course of its business history, the company has developed a stable cooperation mechanism with the above-mentioned well-known crystal-crystal manufacturers and chip sealers, which have become important customers for the various upstream co-organizers, effectively stabilizing the supply of the company’s productive capacity and reducing the volatility of the industry’s output to the production of the company’s products.
In 2017, the company achieved an average one-month stabilization of supply chain capacity to produce 170 million chips. towerjazz
Radio low-noise amplifiers, and other radio front-end chip products. But the company has already started developing and developing radio-frequency filters and radio-frequency amplifiers to actively improve industrial chain integration. Of the 830 million funds raised, $470 million will be used for filters and models. 250 million for power amplifiers and modules. Based on the company's existing radio-frequency low-noise amplifiers, radio-frequency switches.
The supply of integrated radio-frequency front-end chip modules will greatly enhance the comprehensiveness of the company’s technological capabilities and the integrity of the solution, enhance the company’s overall competitiveness and consolidate its own industry position as a national radio-frequency leader.
Receivables and transmitters at the front end of the radio frequency, i.e. radio system, capable of transmitting, converting and processing signals, are the basis for moving terminal communications. The RF front end chips include radio frequency switches, low-noise radio frequency low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency power amplifiers, double-engineering machines, radio frequency filters, etc., where radio frequency switches are used for switching radio frequency signals to launch,
Switch between bands, radio frequency low noise amplifiers used to achieve radio frequency magnification of the receiving channel, radio frequency amplifiers used to achieve radio frequency magnification of the launch channel, radio frequency filters used to retain signals in a given band and filter signals outside a given band, and dual engineering used to isolate and receive signals to ensure that they were received and launched on the same line.
The need for radio frequency switches has grown in the 5g era. The effect of radio frequency switches is to connect either or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals by controlling logic to achieve a switch between different signal paths, including reception and launch switching, and between different frequency bands.
The change in mobile communications technology requires smart hands to receive more frequency signals: according to yoledevelopment, the number of frequency bands held by smartphones in 2011 and before is not more than 10, accompanied by the spread of 4g mobile communication technology, which will be supported by smartphones in 2016.
; therefore, the number of radio frequency switches in mobile smart terminals will need to be increased to meet the demand for different-band signals to receive and launch. In addition, the widespread use of metal casings on intelligent terminals will, to some extent, create a barrier to radio frequency signals and require the use of antenna modifiers to increase the ability of antennas to receive different-band signals.
Technological advances in communications will expand the market for low-noise amplifiers. The function of low-noise amplifiers is to connect the antennas to the small, weak-radio-frequency signals, to minimize the introduction of noise, to achieve better signals, better communication quality and higher transmission rates on mobile smart terminals.
Signals require further magnification, and common magnifiers introduce new noise when magnifying signals, causing some side effects on signal processing, and Lina can effectively reduce noise while magnifying signals, which is the inevitable development of the product as network styles are upgraded and communication frequency bands increase, and the value of the front-end chips in the mobile terminal increases.
According to Yoledevelopment, the value of the radio front end chip in 2g smartphones was $0.9, the value of the 3g smartphones rose significantly to $3.4 and the value of the radio front end chip in support of the regional 4g smartphones was $6.2 and the value of the high-end lte smartphones was $15.3 and the radio front end chip in 2g smartphones.
As the commercialization of 5g approaches, standards for mobile communications, networked communications will be harmonized, and the future market for applications of radio frequency front end chips will be increased. According to qyretechnicsresearchcenter, the global front end market size of radio frequency will increase at an average rate of 13% per year in 2010-2020, reaching $13 billion in 2017.
Radio frequency switches together account for about 20 per cent of the market for low noise amplifiers. In the radio front end segment, radio frequency switches account for about 11 per cent, global market size reached $1.45 billion in 2017 and slower in 2017 and thereafter, but are expected to remain in 2020.
With a field size of about $1.34 billion, with the commercialization of 5g, the number of antennas and radio frequency circuits in smart phones will increase significantly, and the demand for low radio frequency noise amplifiers will increase rapidly, so it is expected to remain high in the next few years, in the field of radio frequency chips in 2020. The foreign giants have a strong monopoly.
Four major suppliers, qrovo and murata, monopolize more than 90% of the market share. All four foreign manufacturers are idm manufacturers, and this model not only allows them to have lower manufacturing costs, but also allows their own manufacturing end to create a higher physical match for the design end, which further increases the barriers to entry for domestic producers.
With regard to wavers, market shares are largely monopolized by companies such as matara, tdk, and taiyoyuden, which together account for 85%. Domestic firms are still more likely to operate under the Fables+foundry business model, owing to their late industrial development and relatively immature manufacturing, and rely heavily on foreign manufacturers to perform radio-frequency chip surrogates.
Currently, the URF-pa designers are mainly purple, cutting-edge, smart-width, and Chinese-Kohan. The manufacturers are mainly Trinity Light. Radio frequency switches and lna designers are mostly very good at electrons. The UV expanse has achieved two distinct processes: gaas (alkanated silicon) and cos (silicon) at 2g, 3g, 4g.
Full coverage of the front end of the frequency, with bulk production of radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers, and 2.4g/5g double-frequencywi-fi radio front end products, and initial layout of the radio frequency filters have been completed. At present, the purple light display is the only real-life local radio frequency chip company in mainland China with full coverage of current product lines.
The terminal chips, such as pa, switches, which have a fully independent intellectual property right, have been produced in large quantities and commercials, and have accumulated over 1.3 billion chips. Meanwhile, in the 5g area, accelerated layout has been achieved, with the cutting-edge program releasing its first item in the 3.3ghz-3.6ghz band to support the Hpue (high power user equipment) 5g radio front-end module.
In 2015, Wieswik launched the world’s first mass-produced radio frequency chip, agipam, which is the only industry-sized product that can re-assemble the front end of a radio frequency. The performance, cost structure, and inch have a clear advantage over similar products that use non-reconstructable technologies in the world, moving China’s “self-infested” path.
The market for Gsmpa products in Central Cohan is the world's largest, with a 60 per cent share; the market for 3gpa is the country's largest, with a 45 per cent share; and 4gpa is now the country's largest monthly delivery of 5 million packages, which have been adopted by well-known branded mobile phone manufacturers such as Samsung, China Communications, tcl and sold to more than 160 countries and territories in Europe, the Americas, Africa and South-East Asia.
In the industry, Cheol Sun's electronics introduced the first line of the rps low-noise magnifier lna chip based on the rfcnos process, and produced a volume of 1.8 billion radio-frequency chips in 2017, sold at $590 million, with customers covering mobile phone brands such as Samsung, Hua, Mi and Opo, leaping into a leading domestic firm in the field of radio frequency front-end chips.
A product. As the process and customer-end product certification matures, the mainstream process of the triamon-integrated thbt product has been developed, covering major market applications such as 2g-4gpa, w-fi, lot, etc., and has been implemented in the 5g area in the future with the commercialization of 5g to promote large-scale release of radio frequency front-end chips in the market, adding to the national production alternative investment booms.
Industrial funds support domestic radio-frequency manufacturers to accelerate the break-through of technical and market barriers, breaking the ice of the international giant monopoly, and increasing the autonomous control capacity of the front-end chips of the radio frequency. Assumption 1: Consider that the demand for radio-frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers for 5g high-frequency communications will increase exponentially.
The Division collects funds for the development of radio frequency switches and low-volume magnifiers, which will lead to increased demand for product line renewal and higher sales unit prices. Radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers are expected to grow at a high rate in the future.
It will lead to an increase in patent-authorized revenues and other types of business, and it is expected that future companies will maintain high levels of ip authorization and other operations.
Reference is made to top-of-the-water technology, magnostic innovation, Weir shares, UV countries, with an average of 58.7 times the industry per capita in 2019, and 1) the risk of less than anticipated commercialization of 5g; 2) the risk of price warfare for radio frequency products;
(3) The risk that the project will be completed and will not be as fast as expected; (4) the risk that higher client dependency will affect the stability of the collection: No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having done so as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.