In the field of forward-looking layout pa and filters, domestic RF chip taps take the wind - Dzumi first-time coverage report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . for the first time . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
As a domestic radio-frequency chip tap, Cheuk Seung-wee has been used by end-users such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, ov. Companies are more technologically powerful and competitive, and products enter the mainstream mobile phone supply chain, in addition to forward layouts, pa, and filters.
We believe that 5g will contribute to the rapid rise of the radio frequency industry, and that, in the context of the accelerated nationalization of nuclear instruments, the company is expected to grow at a sustained rate beyond the overall growth of the industry to become the largest beneficiary of the domestic radio frequency chip industry. The company is expected to achieve a net return in 2019-2021.
• 5g communications technology changes, from cellular to object networking, wide market space at the front end of the radio frequency to adapt to the new requirements of the 5g mobile phone, compatible with 3g/4g/5g, and further upgrading of the radio frequency front end chip, including filters, radio frequency switches, pa, etc., in terms of quantity and performance, in addition, due to the 5g standard
The existing standards for mobile communications, object-networked communications will be harmonized and the future field of application of radio frequency front-end chips will be further expanded, with wide market space for radio front-end chips. The combined growth rate of 13.10% from year to year 2018 based on oyretechnics.
• The company's exclusive injection of frequency chips, the forward-looking layout pa and filters, the company's exclusive injection of frequency chips, the main products of which include radio frequency switches and lna. In the radio frequency switch area, the company has developed a combination of radio frequency switches based on the cnos process, shortening the research and development cycle.
In the area of Lina, the company was the first to produce Lina based on the rfcmos process, with higher integration and lower cost and gradual application within the industry compared to the existing gaas or sige process; in other areas, the company ' s forward-looking layoutpa and filters were dedicated to building
A global leading technology platform in the field of radio frequency, with broad prospects, is expected to be a future growth point for the company. Domestic radio frequency chip taps, focusing on radio frequency switches and the area of Inna 1.1, long-term focus on radio frequency chip design, and client resources
Founded in 2006 and started with digital television and mobile digital television chips, and then converted to a communications radio front-end chip, the company has now become the country's leading radio front-end chip design company, with its headquarters in Jiangsu and branches in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, etc.
Inner smart phone radio frequency switches, low radio frequency noise amplifiers, leading brands, the company's radio front-end chips are used for the products of end-users, such as Tristar, Mi, Hua, Convergence, Moi, tcl. The company's main business is research, development and marketing of radio front-end chips, mainly to the market.
Radio frequency low-noise amplifiers and other radio front-end chip products, and the provision of ip authorization for mobile smart terminals such as smart phones. The company’s main products include radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers and low-power bluetooth microcontrol radio frequency switches, which are mainly used to effect the switch between radio frequency signals and launch, and between different frequency bands.
Radio frequency switches include, inter alia, antenna synthesizing switches, mobile communications conductors switches, wifi switches, etc.
Radio frequency low-noise amplifiers: Radio frequency amplifiers used primarily to achieve the reception channel, to zoom in the faint radio frequency signals received by the antenna to meet the need of the mixer for input signal ranges, to achieve better beacons, voice quality and data transmission. Depending on the applicable frequency, the company ' s radio frequency low-noise amplifiers are mainly packaged.
A low-noise amplifier, a low-noise amplifier for mobile communications signals, a low-noise amplifier for television signals, a low-noise amplifier for FM signals.
The three founders of the radio lownoise amplifier are the real control of the company. Xu is the only common partner who controls the intelligence investment. Before ipo, the three controlled the company together, 48.244% of the votes. The three founders of the company voted.
Graduated from leading universities in the country and abroad to obtain a doctorate or master's degree, and was employed in well-known national and foreign chip firms with extensive industrial experience.
No. 0; Cheuk Sheng Hong Kong was set up for offshore trade platforms, including offshore sales and procurement, with three employees, all from Korea's office, as of 31 December 2018; Cheuk Sheng United States set up to expand the North American market and achieve core skills through high-end chip research and development and design in the United States
There are five employees in the country, four of whom are research and development professionals, all of whom are PhDs. Yamatsu shares are equity companies and the main business is mcu-designed R & D and sales. Figure 6: A simple corporate equity structure (pre-ipo)
1.4. Business is sound, corporate business income and net profits are growing rapidly Corporate revenue and net profits are growing rapidly. Corporate business income has grown rapidly in the past few years, from 44 million in 2014 to 560 million yuan in 2018, except for the negative growth in business income in 2018.
Growth of more than 50 per cent was mainly due to the continued expansion of clients and products: rapid release of RHF products from companies that received approval from large Korean clients in 2014, entry into millet in 2015, entry into vivo in 2018, annual balance of profits and losses of companies, up to 162 million net profits in 2018, reported in mid-2019
Performance forecasts indicate that the company ' s net return profits are expected to continue at a high rate of 112.59 per cent to 122.64 per cent in the first half of 2019.
Corporate radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers earn 2 million and 30 million, respectively, and benefit from a positive outreach of 10 million yuan. In terms of Māori, the Māori rate of company radio-frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers products is maintained at over 50 per cent. Māori rates are more stable across operations (%).
Radio frequency switches are the main driving force behind the rapid growth of corporate revenue. In terms of the combined Māori rate, the firm ' s Māori rate has declined steadily. In terms of three fees, as the company ' s size has grown, the scale effect has been reflected, and the cost of sales and management has continued to decline. Companies have implemented sound financial policies.
The three costs have continued to decline, and financial policies have declined in both production, turnover and asset-liability ratios.2 In the era of 5g, radio-frequency front-end devices are expected to rise in an outbreak
2.1, 5g change in communications technology, with a potential market for 2.1.1, radio front end devices, the core of wireless connections.
The radio frequency front end device is the most important component of the communications system's chip set in addition to the backbone chip.
The front-end plays two important roles in wireless communication: converting binary signals into electromagnetic wave signals during signal launching, and converting electromagnetic wave signals into binary digital signals during signal reception. The radio front-end chips include radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency magnifiers, bipolars, radio frequency filters.
Chips like waves. Radio frequency switches are used to achieve a switch between radio frequency signal reception and launch, and between different frequency bands; radio frequency low noise amplifiers are used to achieve radio frequency magnification in the receiving channel; radio frequency amplifiers are used for heart; radio frequency magnification in the launching channel; radio frequency filters are used to retain signals within a given frequency band, which is used outside a given frequency band.
(b) Signal filtering; dual-processors are used to isolate the signal and to ensure that it is received and launched properly in the same-line situation.
Radio frequency (RF) pa and filters are the most important components of radio front end devices. According to yole statistics, the market for filters was 53.3% in 2017, 33.3% in radio frequency pa, 6.7% in radio frequency switches and 1.6% in low noise filters.
Radio-frequency chips are divided by areas, with filters accounting for more than 50% 2.1.2, 5g communications technology changes, wide market space at the front end of the radio frequency into the 5g age, driving the radio-frequency front end device performance requirements to further improve.
Three scenarios were defined for 5g: embb (enhanced mobile broadband), urllc (low-time delay and high reliability), mmtc (large-volume connection), and the higher requirement for radio frequency front end devices to achieve 5g, mainly as follows: 1. Increased bandwidth, up to 20 m; 5g bandwidth up to 100 m, compared to spectrum within 6ghz, mm.
Waves of up to 400 m bandwidth; 2. Waves of scdma and peaks are high, and pa needs a wider and higher linear design, which is the most important performance improvement for a 5g compared to a 4g design radio frequency device. Communication technology changes drive demand and value growth at the front end of a radio frequency.
By 4g, wifi, bluetooth, fm, gps, etc., communications systems have undergone a number of industrial upgrades, while mobile phones are being configured with an increasing number of wireless connectivity protocols. To enable mobile phones to be compatible with different modes of communication, the front-end radio frequency of the 4g programme has increased significantly compared to the 20-year era, with its accompanying radio frequency front-end chip performance and quantity
According to Yoledevelopment, in the early 2g, the value of single cell phones was less than US$ 1 and the value of 3g smartphones rose significantly to US$ 3.4, supporting regional 4g smartphones that continued to grow to more than US$ 6 with high-end lte intelligence.
Cell phones are more expensive, up to $15.3. From cell phones to object networking, the market for radio front end devices is wide. The number and performance of radio front end chips, including filters, radio frequency switches, power magnifiers, etc., need to be further enhanced as mobile phones become compatible with 3/4/5g.
Upgrade to adapt to the new 5g requirements, in addition to the fact that the existing standards for mobile communications, object-networked communications under the 5g standard will be harmonized, the application of future radio-frequency front end chip products will be further expanded, and therefore the market for radio-frequency front end devices will be wide.
End-scale growth at a rate of 13.10 per cent per year of compound growth, reaching $14,910 billion in 2018. Global front-end markets are expected to grow rapidly from 2020, as a result of the commercialization of the 5g network. Global front-end markets are expected to grow at a high rate of 16.00 per cent per year from 2018 to 2023.
In 2023, close to $31.310 billion. 5g ushered in a new era of rapid growth of radio front end devices.
Radio frequency switches include antenna modifier switches, mobile communications conductors switches, wifi switches, etc., which are mainly used for two purposes: 1. To achieve a switch between radio frequency signals and launch; 2. To complete a switch between different frequency bands in order to achieve the common purpose of using antennas and saving the cost of the end product.
The working principles of the radio frequency switches are illustrated in the following graphs: when the control port of the radio frequency switch is combined with different voltage, the radio frequency switch ports will have different connectivity. For example, when the control port is combined with a positive voltage, the circuit link between port 1 and port 3 is connected, while the circuit link between port 2 and port 3 is severed;
When the control port is combined with zero voltage, the circuits connecting port 1 to port 3 are disconnected, while the working schematics linking port 2 to radio frequency switches require more frequency support, and 5g drives the radio frequency switch market to grow.
It's a switch between the reception and launch of signals and between the different frequency bands, so that the increase in the number of frequency bands will require more radio frequency switches to meet the demand for different frequency bands to receive and launch, plus a multiplier frequency range, which will require more antenna synthesizing switches, so that the arrival of 5g will result in significant additions to the radio frequency switch market.
Demand. According to yoledevelopment, smartphones supported no more than 10 bands in 2011 and before, while with the spread of 4g communications technology, the number of smartphones supported nearly 40 by 2016, and the number of smartphones supported by 5g is expected to increase further to more than 90.
According to qyrecyclesresearchcenter, the global radio-frequency switch market has experienced sustained rapid growth since 2011, reaching $1.654 billion in 2018 in global market size, based on qyr.
Electronicsresearchcenter forecasts that the size of the radio frequency switch market will reach $3.560 billion in 2023, and that the combined annual growth rate of the global radio frequency switch market is expected to reach 16.55% in 2018-2023. The global radio frequency switch market is expected to grow steadily.
The current market for radio frequency switches is dominated by overseas companies, with the top four manufacturers, skyworks, qorvo, murata, and avalgo, accounting for more than 70% of the market share. Domestic firms also have some suppliers, such as R.D.D., Z.K., R.I., Weir, etc.
The global radio frequency switch market presents an oligopolistic pattern, with domestic firms rising up by 2.2.2, radio frequency low noise amplifiers: 5g to create low noise amplifier market space needs.
, achieves better signals, better call quality and higher data transfer rates on mobile smart terminals. The public division ' s low-noise amplifier product, depending on the applicable frequency, is divided into low-radio amplifiers for global satellite positioning systems, low-noise amplifiers for mobile communication signals, low-noise amplifiers for television signals, FM for radio frequencies.
Low radio frequency noise amplifier. The working principles of the low radio frequency noise amplifier are illustrated in the following graph: the incoming radio frequency signal is entered into a matching network and converted into a voltage that is amplified by the amplifier, while minimizing its own noise during the process of amplification.
Low noise amplifiers function as mobile communication technology changes and mobile smart terminals demand higher quality of signal reception.
An antenna receives a signal magnifying for follow-up. A normal magnifying device increases the signal while introducing noise, while a low radio frequency amplifier can minimize noise and is therefore widely used. Global radio frequency low noise amplifiers generated $1.421 billion in 2018, and as 4g became more widely available, smartphones were using antennas.
With the increase in the number of radio frequency routes and the rapidly growing demand for low-noise amplifiers, the commercialization of 5g will drive the global low-noise amplifiers market to peak in 2020 and reach $1.794 billion by 2023.
Global low-frequency noise amplifier sales revenue (including forecasts) 2.2.3, filters: the largest and fastest growing market segment of the radio front endware.
The filtration of the path and the filtering of signals such as wifi, bluetooth, gps, etc., which the cell phone must be equipped with multiple filters, without which wireless communication cannot be achieved. Therefore, the radio frequency filter is a very critical radio frequency component that functions like a "sifter" that makes the signal a given frequency.
The main differences between mobile phone filters, mainly surface sound filters (saw), temperature compensation filters (tc-saw) and body sound filters (baw) are the application of different electromagnetic wave frequencies.
Saw and baw filters are mainstream filters in mobile phones. The saw filters and tc-saw are very suitable for applications within about 1.5 ghz, and are better than the baw at 1.5 ghz. saw: voltage power effects using the materials of the voltage electrolithic crystals, such as titium silicates, stone quartz, etc.
tc-saw filter: The saw filter is unique to the base when the temperature rises because of its susceptibility to temperature changes.
One alternative is to use the tc-saw filter, which uses a thin membrane on the idt structure and increases at a higher temperature. The normal saw frequency temperature is usually about -45 ppm/°C, while the tc-saw filter can drop below -15 to -25 ppm/°C, however.
tc-saw filters are more complex and costly. baw:saw filters and tc-saws are for low frequency, while baw has a better advantage at high frequency. Unlike the saw filters, the sound waves are vertically transmitted on the baw filter, and their basic structure is two metal electrons.
The sound waves convulsion in the voltage film to form a stationary wave. The disadvantage of the baw is that the manufacturing process required for the baw device is 10 times the cost of the saw. Figure 23: Basic saw filter
When the baw filter is higher than 1.5 ghz, the baw filter has a very high performance advantage 5g has a huge impact on the filter industry. On the one hand, since communications need to be compatible downwards, 5g returns after arrival.
There is a need to support 2/3/4g, which leads to an increase in the number of bands, which usually require at least two filters per band, so that the number of filters will grow after the arrival of 5g; on the other hand, 5g is completely different from 4g, and new technologies such as mimo, carrier polymerization, etc., are increasing their performance.
According to yole, in 2017, the global market for radio front-end filters was expected to grow to $22.5 billion in 2023, with a complex growth rate of 19%, the fastest growing market in radio front-end devices. According to qyredictonicsresearchcenter, 2011-2018.
The market size of filters increased from $2,113 million to $8,361 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21.71 per cent; it is projected that by 2023 the market size will reach $21,990 million.
The threshold for filters is very high, core technology is still available in such enterprises as Japan, the United States, and only a few major international plants are able to produce and supply large quantities globally. The main suppliers of the saw filters include murata, tdk, and solar induction, with the top four manufacturers accounting for nearly 80% of the market share.
Even higher, the main suppliers are Weibo, qorvo, Solar Incentives, and tdk, of which Botón has a market share of 87%. At the domestic level, only some of the filtration-related products and technologies are currently owned by scientific research institutes, including De Cinghua, China 26, Beijing Long Peaks, China Quantities, China Fei Hung, and so on.
2.2.4. Radio frequency pa: second largest market for radio front end devices, high technical barriers, monopolization of power magnifiers (poweramplifier, short pa) by large foreign plants, which form an important chip at the front end of the radio frequency.
The radio frequency signal power generated by the front-stage circuits of the transmitter is very small and requires a series of magnifications to obtain enough radio frequency power to produce radiation on the antenna. In order to obtain enough radio frequency output power, a radio frequency amplifier must be used.
The amount of radio frequency magnifiers in the 5g era will increase somewhat in value and quantity. The number of pa in mobile phones will increase with the number of 2/3/4/5g, with 4g multi-mode multi-frequency cell phones requiring about 5-7 pa chips, and it is expected that the 5g era pa chip will grow to as much as 16.
The average unit price for mobile phones is 0.3 US$, while the average price for 3g mobile phones rose to $1.25, while the full-model 4g mobile phone used up to $3.25 and the estimated value of 5g mobile phones is over $7.5. According to qyr electronicsresearchcenter, the global market for radio frequency amplifiers in 2011-2018 is from the size of the market.
The global market for Pa is now largely monopolized by the big skyworks, qorvo, Botun and other Idm plants, with a combined market share of more than 90 per cent.
Massive radio frequency (RF) pa manufacturers, such as UVEx, Middle Cohan, short cut cores. 3, industry, customer, product 3 hits, performance growth is strong 3.1, industry and customer double-click, radio frequency switch growth is high
Radio frequency switches are the company’s dominant dominant product, with operating revenues of $461 million in 2018, representing more than 80 per cent of the revenue. Thanks to the rapid growth of the company’s downstream mobile terminal market, its excellent product performance and its continuous development of innovative capabilities, company clients have continued to expand over the past few years, and since entering the three-star radio frequency switch supply chain in 2012
The market share continued to rise, entering the millet supply chain in 2015, entering the vivo supply chain in 2018, and starting to supply RF front-end chips to Hwa, opo in 2019, with a rapid increase in corporate radio frequency switch operations.
On the basis of the combustible radio frequency switch technology, the company designs different radio frequency switch functions for the terminal, and invents a combustible radio frequency switch.
In this way, companies can test products in one batch, shorten the R & D cycle, reduce R & D costs, and, on the other hand, enable firms to rapidly upgrade their products based on rapid R & D and enhance their competitive advantage.
With excellent technology, R & D, product technology, delivery capacity, etc., companies are recognized by mainstream mobile phone manufacturers, including mills, ov, and Hwa.
Imports, corporate collections and net profits are expected to grow further, with a strong degree of certainty about performance growth. 3.2. Accelerate product penetration, expand market access, and have a great potential for low-noise amplifiers. Another company's main product is a low-noise amplifier, with an operating income of $84 million in 2018.
The same year, there was a decline, mainly due to the impact of the company’s top client, Samsung. In 2018, the company’s radio low noise amplifier was successfully imported into the rice, and it was initially on a scale. In 2018, the sales of very small low noise amplifiers were proportional.
The company is the first industry to produce low-frequency noise amplifiers based on the rfcnos process.
The market share is still relatively low, and there is much room for growth. According to qyregionalsresearchcenter, the global market for low-noise amplifiers reached $1,421 million in 2018, with a slight low-noise magnification.
With an operating income of $84 million, or less than 1 per cent of the city's income, the company's already well-known customers, such as three-star radios, millet, etc., are expected to verify and deliver their products further to other well-known mobile service providers, with the help of mature products and technologies and proven customer service capabilities.
3.3. Launch filters and pa, forward-looking layouts, building a full-use radio frequency platform, taking advantage of national production opportunities, forward-looking sheet filters and pa. As carrier polymers and mimo technologies develop, the trend towards modularization and integration of the front-end of radio frequency is becoming increasingly evident, with radio-frequency filters and pa being used as a front-end module of radio frequency.
The necessary components, the development of filters and pa are the logical options for RF chip designers to achieve the integrity of the front-end programme, provide high-performance optimization design for customers, and the technology will be taken further into account in the competition in the market.
The technology platform, which has launched the RF filter product, will be rolled out in the future to expand its application to the front end of cellular radio frequency (RF) chip product lines and to build a fully applied platform enterprise. The filter, power magnifier market space is larger than radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers. According to yole, the front end of RF 2017 is below radio frequency.
The size of the market for swimming applications, with filters and power amplifiers at 53.33% and 33.33% respectively, is much higher than radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers. Research and development teams are complete, technology reserves are abundant, and project implementation is technically feasible.
The company has established a relatively complete saw filter development and design team and has fully developed gps, wifi and more than one 4g frequency to receive Saw products: in the field of Pa, radio frequency pa is the company ' s new product line, but given the consistency with the existing client community, the company is expected to effectively reduce the amount of its available customer resources.
Market start-up cycles to safeguard the realization of project benefits.4 Income-side aspects: rapid growth in demand in industries driven by the continued expansion of corporate clients and 5g are projected
Māori rates and triple-fees: the scale effect of the company’s growth in product output, and the technology content of the 5g radio front endware, which is expected to be higher, and the expected Māori ratio of the radio frequency switch and the low noise amplifier is 83/56/42 times higher.
Power and strong market competitiveness, product entry into the mainstream mobile phone supply chain, in addition to the two main areas of forward-looking layout pa and filters, have great potential to grow in the future. We believe that 5g will boost the rapid rise of the radio frequency industry, and that in the context of the accelerated nationalization of core equipment, companies are expected to grow faster than the overall growth of the industry and become home-grown.
The largest beneficiaries of the radio-frequency chip industry. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Competition increases the price decline of products too much, product expansion is not as high as expected, R & D is not progressing as expected.