Increased profitability of coal plates and improved performance in integrated operations Incidents: On 25 October 2024, China Zhenhua issued a three-quarter report on the first three quarters of 2024, China Zhenhua (601088)
Coal plate: The cost end continues to fall and the profit ring ratio improves significantly with the sales ratio \triangleright 204.4 million tons of coal in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 1.0 per cent over the previous three quarters
Coal sales of 345.3 million tons, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the sale of foreign coal, 11.8 per cent. In terms of marketing structure, the previous three quarters accounted for 53.2 per cent of annual, monthly and spot sales, respectively, and the production cost of self-produced coal units was $186.3 tons, a decrease of 2.5 per cent over the same period, mainly due to some open-air mines.
Reduced stripping results in lower raw materials, fuel and power costs (-5.3 per cent) and lower repair costs (-8.9 per cent) resulting from the renovation plan. The lower cost partly cushioned the impact of the decline in coal prices, with the company ' s coal plate achieving business income of 2013.19 billion yuan in the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the previous three quarters.
19.25 per cent. The improvement in the profit ring ratio is evident in a single quarter, where the electricity supply increased in tandem with the increase in the electricity sales, the profit ring increased significantly in a single quarter, and the company achieved a total of 16,814 million kilowatt-hours in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 7.6 per cent in the same year and a total sale.
In the last three quarters, coal-fired electricity was generated using an average of 3801 hours, a decrease of 2.6 per cent, and coal-fired electricity at a cost of 399 yuan/megawatt hours, a decrease of 3.4 per cent, as of 30 September, of the total installed capacity of 43244 megawatts.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., realized a total profit of $8.435 billion, a 12.7 per cent decline in the same year, with corporate electricity in the third quarter of 2024.
In Beijing, in the west-city district of Beijing, Min Munxi Avenue A127, the plate generated 26.13 billion yuan, 28.28 per cent more than in the second quarter; at a cost of 21,912 million gold towers, b.
RMB, 26.88% ring; total profit achieved, $13.184 billion ring, 1,121 million ring, 54.34%. With the increase in electricity sales, the profit ring increased significantly in a single quarter.
The \triangleright department achieved operating income of $5.33 billion, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same year, but operating costs increased by 7.6 per cent over the same year, resulting in a 4.3 per cent decrease in total profits over the same year, resulting in operating revenue for the shipping branch of $3.771 billion, an increase of the same amount.
With 3.9% growth in business costs of 0.1% and 204.5% increase in total profits of the same year, the coal division reduced its operating income by 9.9% and the total profit by 48.8% as a result of the planned overhaul of the coal-based production equipment and lower production and sales of polyolefin products.
The project has been steadily developing around the integrated business model of coal, power generation, railways, ports, shipping, coal industry development. In the first three quarters of 2024, the new street wells and the new street two wells project of the New Streets of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region were approved by the National Development Reform Commission and are now in the process of being started.
Preparation phase; prospecting rights were obtained for the New Street 3rd and New Street 4th wells projects, and work is under way to actively promote coal carbon resource exploration and related claims. At the same time, refilling coal mines, upper Gulf coal mines, Manliichi mines, gold pagoda coal mines, Harusol open coal mines have completed a change in mining licences: Shinyama coal mines
The project was approved by the Ministry of Natural Resources on a monthly basis. The initial design for the five phases of the project was approved in September 2024, and work is in progress.
In a positive move, construction is planned to start before the end of 2024. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that along with the stimulus policy, demand has improved, coal \triangleright
The carbon price hub is expected to remain medium-high; at the same time, there is a steady increase in electricity consumption across the society, and the trend of rising corporate electricity prices is expected to continue, thus supporting higher profitability. The company’s high level of ownership and integrated transport has led to higher stability in business performance, a combination of high cash, high dividends, and future investment prices.
The value is expected to be even more prominent. We expect the company to realize a net return profit of \triangleright carbon in 2024-2026, uncertainty in its power-related industrial policies, safety of production in coal mines, etc.
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzhi, cfa, a member of China's Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and a Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, were responsible for conducting research on the coal industry.
Research on large energy panels, such as Lei, Gas, and High-level Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises, China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mining, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management of operations, etc., 2022
In June, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications, and in June 2022 joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied the coal and electricity sectors. Wu Bo-Jing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where he studied the coal sector.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sindam Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, January 2023, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, January 2023, for research in the coal industry. Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal sector, which is directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial issuance of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Inconsistent studies, no special notice may be given on the credit securities.