On 15 August 2022, the king of Qingxia, who had a long history, lost his team in the last round of development, triggered the acceleration of the rejuvenation of the wine after the country came to power.
In 1949-1993, the leader of the Qing was the leader of not only the five years of the National Liquor, but also the first share of the white wine market in China; the subsequent insistence on the popular wine strategy led to the obstruction of advancement, the creation of the branding system, which also exposed the problems of red tape and poor management of channels, during the last round of development.
In February 2017, as the vanguard of Shanxi reform, the National Finance Committee decentralized its eight powers, inspired its subjective energy, signed military orders, and issued clear performance appraisals. The reforms promoted the group by increasing internal motivation through staff and labour ownership, and by introducing the China-Yun War to enrich the company’s equity structure.
The entire stock of alcohol assets is on the market, and the determination to reform has led to an acceleration of recovery, not only by exceeding the three-year test of the National Council of Finance, but also by fully advancing the recovery phase. The competitive advantage is first in place, and then continues to be magnified.
Strengthening. The historical culture of wine is so deep that it is indelible, and the company is now placing branding at the forefront, with a sustained increase in brand value through a variety of marketing activities and contributions to the rejuvenation of the brand; and 2) at the end of the product: bovine “hard currency”, which is capable of building high-end products up to the top of 20.
The company's product lines cover multi-priced segments, catch flowers, strong waists, a clear strategy for the stabilization of the botanium, as a hard currency for the bottle of light and as a leader in the culture of the Qingixiang market, while continuing to build competitiveness as sub-high prices continue, the share is expected to expand further, with the Qing30 Renaissance version
Positioning a thousand-dollar price belt, helping the wine return to the high-end white market. 3) Nationalization: significant advantages within the province, with the expansion taking place outside the province. Intra-provincial markets are solid, long-term cultivation has an absolute advantage; reforms started in 2017 to accelerate the nationalization of the wine, and the atmosphere outside the country has been fostered, with a sustained rate of revenue.
The quality and quantity of distributors will further expand. The question of investment is raised. 1) The importance of high-end branding: thousands of dollar prices are up, brands are up and down.
Same-sense products may be more competitive, using quotas, group purchasing channels, etc., as described in Shanxi Liquor (600809), 2021 newspaper, steady progress in the preparation and sale of the Renaissance version, which, on the one hand, is conducive to the revival of the wine, and the promotion of the wine itself.
& 2022q1 rating: 2021 successful discharge, high-end military product; full opening of price space, on the other hand, significant. 2) High-value understanding: 20201 high-growth extension.
Liquor values are higher than those of high-end alcohol, more stable than those of lower-end alcohol, more horizontally watching consumption end-of-consumption cosmopolitan heat, more space for future growth, more vertically following the share of the entire high-end product, and more likely to continue to increase the future profitability of rum, supporting long-term higher valuation performance.)
& 20221 Business Data Review: Business Performance
And it's clear to development plans that the future corporate strategy is more certain and sustainable, that businesses can be continuously released, that 22q1 performance is over-released, that overall development is on the right track, and that new leaders are expected to give business more dynamism.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we readjusted the company ' s net return profit from 2022-2024 to be bright and strong.
Qing Qing Qiang Qiang, with its deep history, has a unique four-time history in the history of white wine in China: (a) Kit Qi, Wu Sung-dee, who took the wine as a royal wine of the court, and was later published in the Book of 24 History North Qi, where he became famous; (b) Evening Tang, the poet Du Qing Ming, who became famous for his poems; and (c) In 1915, he won the first degree of the All-Panama Exposition, among others.
The gold medal, which is the only product of white wine in China, has been named three times; and (4) the country has won the title of “national wine” on five occasions since its establishment, and the name of the wine has been resounded. To date, the company has three Chinese brands, “single” and “Apricot Village,” and has a long history of wine, and enjoys a high reputation among consumers, both domestically and internationally.
In view of the history of the country after its establishment, the wine fell and fell.
The old white wine was highly endorsed by Prime Minister Zhou as a national feast at the first Chinese Civil Affairs Association meeting, and five times was named the “state-owned wine.” Moreover, the short-cycle, low food consumption, and high rates of alcohol production adapted to the needs of the economic context of the plan.
The product matrix has been gradually refined to become the first place on the market for white wine. Since 1962, wine has been added to the wine factory by five single items: white wine, rose wine, apricot wine, ginseng, cinnamon wine. In 1988, the product system has continued to be expanded to include four main products: white wine, wine-making, yellow wine, fruit wine, and wine.
On 6 January 1994, the Liquor Group was founded and the same year ' s almond village wine factory was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange as the country ' s first listed company.
The best time for high-end branding was lost, and in 1998 the image was damaged by the counterfeiting of alcohol. Following the release in 1988 of the National Notice on Improving the Price of Part of Tobacco and Alcohol by Unleashing the Price of Monopoly, in 1993 the country again liberalized the price control of white wine, and the five-food fluids took the lead in changing the price of products.
I've tried high-end branding in the past, but in 1998 there was an outbreak of fake wine in Shanxishaw, which led to a downward trend in the image of the Shanxi Liquor industry, damage to Shanxi Liquor brands and a slow process of high-end product creation.