Mid-Kyoto Light (603019.sh): Performance is in line with 5 November 2024.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences has promoted China's company, which is based on the results of major scientific research under the National 863 Project.
Production and manufacture of high-performance computers, general-purpose servers and storage net profit of 206 million yuan, an increase of 0.41 per cent over the same period.
Integrator and technology services. The company is a high-performance calculation in the country, and overall performance meets expectations and returns on investment continue to increase. (1) In the first three quarters, the company achieved a lead in the area of operating income.
8041 million yuan, an increase of 3.65 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to parent owners of 770 million yuan, an increase of 2.57 per cent over the same period; high-performance computers in the 35th round of global supercomputers; corporate operating income of 2,329 million yuan in the first three quarters, a decrease of 1.19 per cent over the same period; and returns.
The “top 500” peaks 30 billion times per second of the system and the net profit of the mother is 206 million yuan, an increase of 0.41 per cent over the same period. On the one hand, the company’s three-quarters of traditional low seasons and on the other side downstream demand are still in the pre-recovering period, and therefore performance is stable and largely in line with expectations. (2) During the reporting period, the company’s performance is generally consistent with expectations.
Hundreds of millions of times, with the second largest achievement in the world, the third in the world with more than billions of measured performances, the return on corporate investment was $412 million, an increase of 82.03 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the information of the affiliates.
The net profit from China's sky map increases, especially the sea light information, and contributes more to the company's investment returns. Sealight information achieved 2,374 million yuan in operating income in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 78.33 per cent over the same period; net profit from the mother, sea light information performance continued to increase, just as it proved that the country's demand for arithmetic was still high, and companies and Halowin continued to grow.
Business synergies are expected to sustain the trend of increasing beneficiary demand for productivity. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: The Māori rate continued to rise, with a slight increase in the cost during the period.
The main reason for the increase in the company’s Māori ratio is the increase in the proportion of self-researched products. The ratio of public sales/management/research and development costs to the previous three quarters was 6.45/3.03/12.22%, compared to the same period last year, where costs were rigid, but the overall ratio was stable.
Arithmetic is still under investment, and domestic capacity is still under investment, with policies in place to support the development of arithmetic infrastructure, combined with overseas technology sanctions, and demand for national capacity 146, 326,146, 326, 326.
It is still high. The company, which leads the industry of deep layout numeracy, is expected to continue to benefit from the flowb/h (millions of shares) numeracy-building and national production-substitution trends.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: Corporate performance overall meets expectations, domestic performance is still a factoring in, multiple, and “very recommended” ratings are maintained.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (603019.sh): The performance is good, the country's productivity is still high, the source of financial prosperity in the East is high.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial wisdom in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, and the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Chang Young-ja, financialit, car intelligence, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.