Performance is growing steadily, and high-end computing ecology is improving.
24.4 times, taking into account the growing ecological sophistication of the company's high-end calculations, the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Quality performance is growing steadily and profitability continues to increase. (1) In the first three quarters of 2024, companies achieved $8,041 million in operating income, an increase of 3.65 per cent, compared with 3.65 per cent.
The net profit of the mother was 770 million yuan, an increase of 257 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the non-return to the mother was 445 million yuan, an increase of 8.66 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of 2,329 million yuan in the first quarter, a decline of 1.19 per cent over the same period; and the transformation of the company ' s business started, resulting in some pressure on the income end. (2) The company ' s profitability continued to increase, formerly
Three-quarter Māori sales rate of 26.81 per cent, an increase of 0.93 percentage points from the same period; of these, q3-quarter gross q3 – taking advantage of the opportunities of national production, building a full arithmetic of the industry product end, developing impregnated liquid cold blades, artificial intelligence based on upstream product rotation, downstream customer demand
High-end computer products such as workstations; accelerated import of national core components, exploration of best cluster network practices, optimal performance storage ratios, and enhanced system stability. Marketing end, capture of priority industries’ national production needs, and increase in the number of sales teams. At the project end, companies participate in the construction of intelligence centres around the country with a new "stereo-calculation" approach.
" Performance meets expectations, complete arithmetical products to provide centralized planning advice, systems design, engineering, maintenance services, energy consumption management as one computing ecology -- corporate information update report "
Power infrastructure solutions that promote data, computing, modelling, application of virtuous cycles and enhance the ability of IACs to commercialize operations through a variety of business models, such as arithmetic, platform operations, and eco-operation.
The company contributes to Qingqing, Qingdao and other local numeracy public service platforms, dispatch platforms, etc. are on-line.