On October 29, 2024, the tri-quarter 2024 report was published.
The company achieved a total operating income of $8,041 million, an increase of 3.65 per cent in the same year; the net profit on the realization of the return of the parent was attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, a net profit of $770 million, an increase of 2.57 per cent in the same year. The net profit, except for recurrent gains and losses, was $445 million, an increase of 8.66 per cent in the same year.
In a single quarter, the company’s own home-based computing industry accelerated its growth in the third quarter, and the company is expected to benefit from a wave of national production substitution. From an industry’s perspective, artificial intelligence is driven by a trend of nationalization and domestic computing.
The company focuses mainly on high-end computers, storage, security, and the development and manufacture of data centre products.
It invests in many high-quality assets, and the layout "Key-end-Cloud" counts as the whole industry chain. The company invests in sealight information, Chinese starry maps, dawn cloud calculations, Chinese trinity, Chinese Qing, Chinese Xianjin, Chinese Xianjin.
The company and the controlling company cover a full range of high-quality assets from top-to-end chips, server hardware, Io storage to middle-to-wind cloud computing platforms, big data platforms, arithmetic service platforms, and downstream cloud service providers.
Synergy is expected to raise technical barriers, create self-contained, autonomous business ecology, and be stable.
The holding company's operations form a whole industry chain layout, and the competitive advantage of the industry is evident. At the same time, a Chinese report (603019.sh) 2023 was created, considering the high-intensity character of the course in which the company operates and the high demand generated by the boom in the replacement of national production.
Compared to the QE 2024.04.22, the corporate valuation is higher than the comparable corporate average, and given the company's vanguard position in the industry, a leading premium is given and an `additional' rating is maintained.
\triangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.