During the first quarter of 2020, total corporate income increased by 0.93 per cent, of which services income increased by $68,307 million, or 2.3 per cent, better than industry growth by 1.8 per cent.
icom.com.cn/ leads the growth rate and meets market expectations.
14.1%. Since this year, the new coronary virus epidemic has posed some challenges to the company’s operations, particularly in terms of business expansion, new user development, 5g network building and bad debt risk. The epidemic has also accelerated the demands for economic and social digitization, networking, intellectual transformation, and bringing new business to the company.
The company makes full use of new technologies such as big data, ai, and 5g to provide strong support for accurate outbreak control, intelligence, and business recovery, while accelerating the transformation of Internet-based operations, innovation a unit (million shares)
Communications supply, active promotion of new information applications, and efforts to turn the tide. Traditional operations are becoming more stable: affected by the epidemic and the restructuring of development strategies, companies moving in the first quarter of the year, with 300 indicators of relative depth of individual shares.
While the number of account-leaving users declined slightly by 7.46 million, the arpu value has stabilized, with a net increase of 1.35 million households in the first quarter of the last three quarters, amounting to 8,483 million households, and a fixed broadband income of $10.8 billion, bringing the decline to an end.
Industry Internet-led rise: companies maintained high growth in their Internet operations during the first quarter, rising by 32.2 per cent, significantly faster than the industry average of 18.9 per cent, providing businesses and governments with idc, IT services, physical networking, cloud computing and big data, etc.
Solutions to help digitalize their business development, especially with respect to recent development gains in the lanes such as car networking, industry and the Internet. Data cut-off date: 27/04/2020
Rational control of operating costs: the cost of the company's internet settlement decreased by 15.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the decline in Internet traffic; depreciation amortization decreased by 1.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of good management of capital expenditures; network operation and support costs increased by 1.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the decline in Internet traffic.
_aa_China Connect (600050) For the first time, the network's expansion resulted in an increase in the cost of iron towers during the period; company incentives and performance were linked, while the introduction of innovative talent was increased, with labour costs rising by 15.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and sales communications
The cost of the product fell by 19.5% on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to a decline in the sale of communications products during the period.
He's got a 15.0% decrease in user development costs, sales costs, to RMB 7,689 million, and other operating costs and management costs, to increase by 28.0%, mainly due to the speed of the ict operation.
Rapid growth leads to higher costs of related services and increased investment in technological support for innovative business, loss of fixed assets and loss of bad debt. Companies benefit fully from a 5g dividend in the first quarter of ebitda: 5g for communications operators, especially companies with a value of arpu.
In 2019, the company built 50,000 megastations. It built 50,000 stations with China's electricity.
It saves about 10 billion yuan in capital spending, plans to invest 35 billion yuan in 5g by 2020, and builds more than 250,000 macro-based stations, covering basically all the country's local cities. The 5g network infrastructure is expected to lead to rising user expectations and penetration, industry and company estimates.
• Risk factors: slow application of 5g; less than expected penetration rate of 5g; higher development costs than expected: increased competition in the market; and measurement and actual errors.