Construction in China (60168.sh) China Building (601668): The Māori rate has risen significantly, with housing and capital chain collection in 19 years
Billion yuan, an increase of 13.78 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to mothers of $38.24 billion, an increase of 16.05 per cent in the same year; continued ahead in the construction of basic houses per share, with a significant increase in the Māori rate; and continued to lead in the construction of corporate houses in 2018, with new contracts of $1.68.1 billion a year, an increase in the same year.
Long (we believe that the high growth in housing construction was marked by the 18-year-old developers' start-up for the cages, on the one hand, and China Construction (601668), on the other, because of the delay in the distribution of real estate to investment in the current cycle: the share of housing in income
Construction companies commented on 60.3 per cent of construction in China, an increase of 1 percentage point in the same year; Māori achieved 48.37 billion yuan, a Māori rate of 6.7 per cent, an increase of 1.1 percentage points in the same year: the company ' s new contract for housing construction, which is 2.3 times the income of construction, remains at a high rate while reporting
During the period under review, the company won three 300 meters and more and one 400 meters of super-high-level project, continuing the high-end project China Building (601668).
The decline in new contracts for capital construction operations has been largely delayed by the clean-up of ppps.
During the reporting period, the number of new contracts for the company ' s capital operations was $635.5 billion, a decrease of 13.8 per cent over the year.
Over the coming year, the business model will be largely optimized, with a focus on the construction master contract, while strengthening investment budget management and the management of the ppp period or as a result of improvements in real estate operations and capital project clean-up and investment scale control.
With respect to real estate operations, which achieved contract sales of $298.6 million in 2018, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period, sales of 2.7 per cent over the previous year, and Māori at 35.0 per cent (+5.9 pt), a significant increase in the Māori rate is mainly due to an increase in the price of the beneficiary house.
During the reporting period, the sales volume of Central Haiti grew by 30 per cent compared to last year ' s, the sales of Chinese properties by 54.8 per cent compared to last year ' s, and sales capacity increased significantly, mainly as a result of the timely adjustment of business strategies, the development of business models such as rental housing, shared property rights and the expansion of commerce, old-age and education.
During the reporting period, the company was able to develop its design work smoothly. New contracts were awarded at $12.9 billion a year, roughly the same amount as the previous year; the ranking was six places ahead of the previous year, and the enhanced capacity of the design business helped the company move forward with the design-centred industrial chain.
In 2018, companies earned $11,094.2 billion and 90,282 million abroad, respectively, for higher reasons. During this period, companies acquired 83,65 billion dollars in new contracts in countries along the “one-way” route, about which they were offshore.
With nearly 50.9 per cent of the total number of new contracts signed, improvements are expected to reduce the disincentives in the real estate industry: capital gains are steady, and there is hope for a sustained rebound, company real estate and capital operations are expected to be better and cheaply valued, and there will be a "one-way" and a "state-owned change" in the future.
“George” is expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Risks that require improvement in the quality of business operations; peband
It's a sales team at the Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.