· Quarterly performance was robust and the business structure continued to improve. Quarterly reviews of China's buildings issued in the first quarter of 2019: operating income was 29,757,77 million, an increase of 10.1 per cent compared to the previous year, with a net return to the mother.
The profits were $8.858 billion, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period. >The company ' s performance grew robustly during the quarter, with the capital maintaining a high growth rate of 10.1 per cent of the q1 company ' s growth rate, with a block-by-plate rate of 1967 billion.
The same rate of increase of 10.1 per cent was maintained at a steady rate of 69.1 billion dollars, a relatively high rate of 23.9 per cent, 30 billion dollars, a decrease of 5.8 per cent, a better first-line sales trend of 17.4 billion, a 49.8 per cent increase, and a relatively stable rate of growth in the second- and third-line cities.
With a steady increase in the company's operating structure, the high Maori infrastructure and real estate plates are expected to have a positive overall order for the quarter, and the housing stock growth rate is impressive: 586.5 billion dollars in q1 in 19 years, an increase of 9 per cent compared to 18 years, an increase of 4.4 percentage points compared to the entire 18-year period.
Of this amount, 492.5 billion were newly signed, representing an increase of 32.3 per cent over the previous year, with a relatively rapid expansion rate, due to relative pressure on the building blocks, or higher than the 18-year q1 base, but there is a tendency to pick up on a monthly basis, with 19-year capital investments continuing to warm back to real estate, and the estate blocks may be expected to benefit further.
>At the summit stage, overseas projects are expected to contribute to their incremental performance. >At the second summit in recent days, overseas orders have been clearly accelerated. The company's first recovery since the signing of the overseas bookings in the first quarter of the year has been positive. Good policies and multi-bilateral agreements are frequent and are expected to be right.
There are substantial benefits from overseas project landings and investment financing. The company is a leading industry firm, with ample hand orders, improved business structures, all the way, long triangles, and so on.
China’s construction (601668) performance is fast-tracked: performance improved significantly in the fourth quarter, rising steadily throughout the year.
2. China Building (601668) Performance Review: Full-line recovery of orders and re-benefiting of capital capacity Summary of company financial statement data projections
In July 2011, Wang Xiaotao, consultant (investment), senior engineer, and first-level builder. For nearly eight years, the metal and construction industry has been working for the chief editor, the steel and steel industry, gb/t18916.31, has several patents (inventory patent 1), has been a technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in overseas “one-way” projects.
Fifi, Southampton University, with a master’s degree in risk and finance, joined civil securities in 2017, and engaged in building-oriented research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,