The wealth management industry is leading, growing in size and profitability Events: China Gold published its semi-annual report in 2021, and in the first half of the year, it earned $14,461 million, and China Gold Co. (601995)
The buyer’s investment in the wealth management industry is leading, and the agile organizational reforms underpin the “10 times 10” development.
The 1h21 company achieved 2,798 million yuan in securities brokerage, an increase of 39.83 per cent in the same year, of which 598 million yuan was earned on behalf of sales of financial products, an increase of 119 per cent in the same year. The company’s wealth management product system is rich, covering the entire spectrum of customer demand, and the product innovation industry leads the way, moving forward with asset allocation.
Type-based product layout, following the launch of the middle-value 50 household configuration product, the low-principal configuration product, the low-value gold 50, the end of the reporting period, included the middle-value 50, the middle-principal 50, and the fund's investments.
Buyers of all kinds of theme fof invest $50 billion in aum, making a major move from product-based and market-based wealth management to integrated asset allocation services, and coupon buyers invest in a transition. Corporate elite invests in deep-seated, understanding, and fully meeting customer asset allocation needs.
In addition, companies continue to invest in financial science and technology, reaching out to digitally and intelligently.
Clients, raising the quality and depth of service to the wealthy clients of the general population, total clients of wealth management and a steady increase in the size of assets in the first quarter of 2021, with a total of 4.110,000 clients of wealth at the end of the reporting period, correspondingly.
The capital will be managed by a highly Internet-specific reform of the “tribal system” and set-up of customers.
Group development, products and solutions, the three main tribes of the full-channel platform, as well as operation and hospitality, number of excellence, scale up with roe.
It is expected that 31 agile teams will be in place after the transition is completed, fully releasing productivity and supporting the depth of the 10 times the 10 times the 10 times the size of the golden wealth.
Big Development 2020.10.10.10. Derivative-driven investment performance is excellent, and active management capacity is excellent. Companies achieved $8.164 billion in investment income in the first half of the year, compared to +48.4 per cent, and corporate derivatives have excellent hedge capacity, covering the reporting period.
Intra-derived financial instruments have a nominal principal of between +16.18 and $1039 billion, with off-site derivatives and high returns on investment in structured stock- and index-linked products created by companies. On the management side, companies continue to enrich their product lines, develop innovative strategies around customer demand, and combine customer uniforms.
In the first half of the year, the company realized a net operating income of $628 million, 162% of which was managed proactively. At the end of March, the company announced its intention to establish a full-time management.
Cindasecuritiesco. Ltd., a company that is closer to obtaining a public fund-raising license, is expected to realize the size and income of the company in the future.
In the first half of the year, companies achieved an investment income of 2,694 million yuan, an increase of 34.6 per cent over the previous year, of which refinancing and bond underwriting performed well. The top five sectors ranked the top five in the top half, with large projects dominated by reserve projects and at least seven proposed projects.
In the field of foreign operations, companies have taken the lead in areas such as offshore ipo, foreign debt issuance, cross-border M & As. In the first half of the year, Hong Kong's share of ipo was awarded $3.22 billion in size and a further $2.763 billion in financing, with an increase of more than 200 per cent over the same year. Port owner ranked second, US share of ipo.
The main underwriting market is ranked third. The company’s brand is clearly superior, with a combination of investment strength, project selection and wind control, pricing and marketing, deep coverage of regional flagships and new economic sectors, sufficient project reserves, and strong corporate investment players.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In terms of company performance in the first half of the year, the growth of corporate performance has been fully supported by a development strategy of “greater inputs, stronger performance”, with total assets rising in line with business size, city occupancy and roe. Companies have a high-quality customer base, a system of management and wealth management products.
It's going to be richer, and it's going to be more sticky. The company has a solid profitability, it's always better than the others, it's going to be pushing forward with the China-King strategy, and it's going to be growing more profit and operating more efficiently, and it's going to continue to lead the business. We anticipate that.
\triangleright and expectations; capital market reforms less than expected; low self-employment performance due to large stock market fluctuations; figure 7:1h21 derivative financial instruments with nominal value added of $103.90 billion
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
I went to the Sindal Securities Research and Development Centre to study the non-banking financial sector. Wang Rao, Master, graduate from Boston University of the United States of America, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, researched in the non-banking financial sector. Win Shrebang, master, graduate from the University of Gangdan in finance, worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021.
The Centre, which conducts research in the non-banking financial sector, is of no relevance or direct or indirect relevance to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.