The core leader is strong, new energy, led into the fast track, Bulls Group (603195.sh)
• Core ownership is strong, new energy, led operations are moving into fast lanes, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Two core masters are well established, with new energy, led as a corporate focus block, and are expected to move to fast lanes with a number of positive factors, including industry growth dividends + corporate channels, supply chains, etc.
• The two core business shares are ahead, with steady growth expected to be sustained with deeper + intelligent upgrading The converter, as a fast-removement category, is less affected by external factors and natural renewal needs are stable and not expected
For companies, product intelligence upgrades and downswing markets +b end markets are the two main sources of growth, with one-size-fits-up upgrading being the trend of industry, with the second-down market and b end market.
The pattern is fragmented and there is still much scope for expansion. At the end of the product, the company is already active in such categories as smart switches, smart plugs, and at the end of the channel, the company’s b-side business is expanding rapidly, and it is proposed to gradually target products related to the sunk market layout, with a steady growth of about 15 to 20 per cent in the construction of the wall below the product and channel.
• Industry growth dividends are evident, channel plus supply chain enablers new energy sources, led lighting moves into fast lanes (1) ed, industry beta growth dividends are clear, the led lighting industry is large and unstructured, beneficial entryers are well-established, corporate channels are clearly superior, and smart lighting-based operations can lead to comparison
Product-side companies accelerate the deployment of smart lighting products such as headlamps, growth of headlamps under intelligent trends, channels, corporate update reports - channels and class of products, high-end synergies to accelerate the import of new products into the market, standardized production capacity at the supply chain end to achieve new products such as headlamps
On the q3 side, the company has taken the lead in taking over the electricity market.
Building a pre-emptive advantage, the ability to scale and synthesize in the future will be a step toward co-development on and below the enabler line.
Maintenance of robust growth: The converter, as a fast-discharge group, less affected by external factors, has a steady need for natural renewal, and is expected to maintain steady growth in higher units in the future. On the wall, the growth in revenue is more affected by external factors because of certain installation attributes and real estate linkages, and for companies, product end-side intelligence upgrades and channels
At the end of the product, the company has been able to develop smart switches, smart plugs, and so forth. At the end of the product, the company has been able to develop smart switches, smart plugs, and so forth.
Rapidly, and with a view to gradually targeting products related to the sunk market layout, it is expected that the product will be opened at both ends of the pipeline, and that the industry will be able to enter after the spread of the industry pattern, channel plus supply chain enabler-led light, fast lanes: firstly, one of the high growth drivers is the industry's beta growth, and in China's light industry space
Large and unstructured, corporate channels and product advantages are evident, with powerled lighting, especially alpha growth based on lighting, intelligence, synergism, and supply chain standardization capabilities.
In the short and medium term, we expect a high growth of about 30% in led lighting operations. (3) New energy vents are rapidly developing, with companies relying on them in traditional power connections.
The technological advantage and “safe and secure” brand image have led to a larger share of the low- and middle-end markets for new energy connections online. The online market pre-eminence is clear, and rapid release is expected to lead to an advantage of scale, scale, tweakness, and advantage to further enhance access to the future off-line, end-b channels of companies, with both on-line and below-line drivers of future growth.
(4) Low-valued and steady growth targets: companies, as pioneers of civilian electricians, have a strong traditional dominant position, new energy, led lighting operations are becoming more effective, Māori rates and cost-control capabilities are strong, and the valuation is now in the margin of safety to provide layout opportunities.
2. The two core backbones are strong, with deeper channels + intelligent upgrades providing robust capacity. Looking at the growth rate of corporate converters, wall openings and historical growth, we find that the converters have been growing steadily, while in 2020 there was a more pronounced decline in the opening of the walls, mainly with stronger installation properties.
In the future, given the stable nature of the switcher as a fast-disposal category, it is expected that the converter operation will maintain steady growth; on the other hand, the upgrading of product-side intelligence will provide new growth opportunities for companies; and the pipeline will sunk the market +b end.
In the market context, the company's share of low-line cities and b-end customers is expected to rise, leading by 2.1 or 2.1 or two core categories.
In terms of volume and speed of sales, the ratio of annual gmv switch/wall open channels per year is about +6 per cent to +8 per cent, and we expect that the main drop in the wall in 2020 will be due to the downside of the pipeline during the epidemic. (2) In terms of market share, in 2021, the company converter and the wall open Ali channels.
We believe that companies already occupy a large part of the converter sector, dissipate consumers, and that while the market pattern is still more fragmented, the company’s leader is still stronger. 2.2. One of the steady growth catchers is the downside of the market + b channel, where the leader is expected to strengthen.
Ali’s system accounts for a high proportion of power suppliers on the line, and it is expected that the overall growth rate of power suppliers on the company’s core class will remain high. But, given that the company’s core category is still dominated by the bottom line, we believe that one of the keys to steady growth is how to guarantee a smooth growth of the offline.
(1) Converter: In the light of the growth performance on the Ali Line in 2021, it is expected to increase by around 15% in 2021, with a more stable and positive annual growth. Given the gradual saturation of the offline network points and the need for natural renewal, we believe that the business will continue to grow in units in the future.
(2) Walling: Although the company’s share is high on the Ali line, we believe that the overall market pattern is still fragmented. Based on the size of the market on the mir wall and the company’s operating income, the overall market share of the company’s wall on the 2017-2021 is expected to be on the rise, but less than 20%, indicating the market ratio.
More fragmented, there is room for future growth for companies that are already at the forefront of the industry. As the proportion of second-line condensed houses rises, end-of-service demand for retail end markets squeezes, so a high share of retail markets in the first and second-line cities alone does not meet future growth needs, and we believe that future growth will be short-lived.
In recent years, companies have begun to sunk markets and b-end channels, and it is hoped that they will be further strengthened: (1) As companies used to build up their products around cities in categories A, B, C and below, there were fewer market-oriented products, so there were a lot of small brands in low-line cities and their patterns were fragmented.
Field layout products, with high value for money and strong brands, we believe that the company’s share in low-line cities will increase. (2) The proportion of fine houses has increased in recent years, and the market at the end of the wall has gradually moved up the ladder. In this context, the company’s stock of very pioneering housing and home-dressing clients is now gaining ground, and the future cooperative product will be extended to Led.
Smart, smart products, etc., can also increase the stickyness of older customers. 2.3. Steady growth catch two: smart upgrading is consistent with industry trends, or help-b ends channels are opened. Smart panels have become important entry points for house-wide intelligence control, attracting a large number of real-estate firms to be active.
In the technology of traditional switch plugs, the smart control function has been extended, and data from the 2019 China Smart House Development White Book show that smart panels have become the most popular form of smart control for consumers and have become one of the priorities for home-wide smart room applications for real estate projects.
The panel industry is still in the early stages of development, with the potential to replace traditional walls based on product sophistication and frontierism, and is expected to have a larger market space in the future under the current large market holdings of switch plugs. In the area of conventional wall-opening top-of-the-art layout smart switches, high-end upgrading expands the consumer base, high-end support b-end channels.
Increases. (1) Upgrade upgrading expands the consumer base to enable companies to consolidate their position in the second-line market. By the end of 2021, companies had introduced multiple smart plugs and smart switches that could provide consumers with forms of control such as voice control, cell phone app remote control, Skycat control, and a variety of capabilities such as electricity use statistics.
Yes. (2) As mentioned earlier, smart switches have become a home-wide application focus for real estate projects, smart switches, the introduction of a series of products, coupled with smart products such as a lightless light, and we believe that the company’s competitiveness at the end of the b channel will be significantly improved. As most enterprises are still in the early stages of the transition from traditional walls to smart panels.
In the first instance, the bulls, which have not yet formed a large-scale smart panel in the market, will be in a favourable position to compete. Figure 6: Multi-intellectual wall and converter products listed by companies in 2021
Three hundred billion races are fragmented, with strong synergies with the Standardized Aids Lighting Service moving into fast lanes, looking at the path of corporate walls and converters, and the logic of the increase in share is mainly due to the division of the industry's early patterns.
Disperse, by reducing the cost of products through sophisticated supply chain management, production scale-up and product standardization, firms are able to capture their share of the white card market with cost advantages added to the expansion of channels. The current market pattern of the led lighting industry is fragmented, and the standardization of industry products is low, leading to higher channel rates of increase and end prices, with the same industry characteristics.
Against this background, we believe that the company is expected to replicate the success of the fence-opening and converter sector into the light business on the basis of the supply chain and channel advantages that it has established in the past.
The value grew from 25,96.6 billion yuan in 2015 to 52,6.9 billion yuan in 2020, with an annual compound increase of more than 10%, and the high penetration and steady growth in the market size of the led lighting market provided the basis for the development of the intelligent lighting industry.
There are more players in the industry, and industry concentration is low. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2019, the general lighting market was only 10%.
Figure 7: China ' s Led lighting market maintained steady growth in 2016-2020, and the Led lighting market was large, but the traditional basic sources of light have been declining in recent years owing to increased industry competition, falling unit prices and weak consumer demand. The anti-lighting and smart lighting industries have been better off.
And the pattern is also more fragmented in light and lightless Ali’s competition, where business staff data show that home-based lamps and lightsless Ari’s market are less than 25%. Industry’s growth dividends add to the market’s fragmented pattern, and we believe that the dynamic light, especially the business of lighting, smart lighting, is expected to bring companies.
3.2. One of the high growth drivers: smart lighting trends highlight the fact that companies are accelerating the layout, improvements in house penetration rates lead to higher levels of smart house appliance, and a clear trend towards intelligent lighting.
The rate of home-tailored smart households in the country is 84.2%, up significantly from 52.3% in 2017. Smart lighting also accounts for a larger share of the market among smart households, reaching 16%.
Smart lighting, on the one hand, injects new momentum into industry growth, and on the other, raises the competitive threshold of industry and accelerates industrial integration. According to the Chinese Institute of Business and Industry, the size of the country’s smart lighting market was 29.1 billion yuan in 2020.
The market is expected to grow by about 22% in 2021, with greater potential. We believe that the rapid spread of smart lighting in home-based settings will place higher demands on the technological power of the firms concerned, that small and medium-sized enterprises that lack innovation and market competitiveness will be phased out, and that the market share will be made available to master smart technologies and powerful brands.
In November 2021, the company released a series of smart headlights that provided a variety of light environments for the three main features of the living room/dinner/bedroom, and launched the g55 smart screen (bar), the smart scenario switch, the smart switch and the sense of intelligence.
, which provides a variety of smart control modes, such as screen control, voice control, and remote control of cell phones. In addition, the Department has improved its decorative lamp series intelligently and can regulate the light sources via the Bluetooth remote control and the Bull's Wikimediar small program.
Preheating sales, which are expected to be officially lightless by the end of 2022q1. The company's 2020 lighting industry, in the context of poor performance in the basic light-source market, is expected to be a major driver of revenue, and in this intelligent field, we believe that the company's competitive edge in the light market and brand influence will be further enhanced.
Figure 14: Release of smart headlamps, light-smart decorative lights for new and accelerated layouts for smart lighting 3.3, high-growth drivers two: strong synergies for accelerated import of new products, preference for standardized design for accelerated production. Rapid developments in the area of smart lighting are expected to generate beta growth for the company's Led lighting operations.
In body, strong synergies are added to the cost advantages of standardized design or will result in higher-than-industry alpha growth for companies: (1) sales are coordinated to improve the efficiency of single shops. In 2020, companies promoted the specialization and integration of decorative channels, which were transformed from the core network of pre-existing professional building materials and decorative channels and are expected to be upgraded at the current time.
The upgrading of the complex is designed to achieve multi-species coverage, expansion of the class of products, which is sufficient to provide consumers with a richer array of smart electrician lighting products and to increase the synergy of sales, and is expected to increase significantly with the growing trend of consumer sourcing and purchasing.
Channels work together to accelerate the import of new items, such as headlights. We expect that the company has now set up nearly 120,000 specialized construction materials and lighting conduits, of which there are more than 30,000 light apparel outlets and 18,000 integrated upgrades. With the existing vast offline marketing networks, companies can take the lead in fast-tracking new items, such as smart headlights.
In addition, there is a greater synergy between the sub-c and led channels, which may lead to further demonstration and sale of orphan lamps on the wall's hardware and professional building materials, as well as the expansion of the business at the end of the new smart lighting product, i.e., without headlights.
The customized product of a house or high-end building is not sufficient for some end-of-end customers, especially regional home and domestic firms, to have a lightless supplier. When a company enters a non-mainlighted area, it is able to compete for differences, thereby facilitating the company’s access to the b-end channel and increasing its stickyness with older customers.
(4) Headlights are in a more standardized form, which is more conducive to scale expansion. One of the reasons for the current low use of headlights in the area of general household fittings is that higher prices inhibit consumer demand. The shape of headlights is mainly light, light, linear lamps, magnetic straw lamps, etc., which are more standardized than traditional lamps, and we believe that companies expect them to do.
By using such advantages as industrial chains, channels, etc., to reduce terminal prices in standardized forms, it is possible to achieve a rapid spread of orphan lamps among the general public. Moreover, new products are still in the oem phase, and there is still much room for a sharp decline in the cost of home-grown production, which is expected to further release the end demand and expand on a good scale.
In the short and medium term, charge guns and private charge poles are the key triggers for the development of new energy vehicles, and the need to build charge boards is becoming more pressing.
The policy document states that the power supply infrastructure should be further improved and that new energy vehicles should be provided with power, hydrogen, etc. The Guidelines for the Development of Electrical Vehicle Recharge Infrastructure (2015-2020) indicate that by 2020 the country will need 4.3 million private chargers and 500,000 public chargers to meet end-user charge requirements.
However, according to the statistics of vcipa, by the end of 2021, there were 1,477,000 public/private charging posts, with a total of 2,617,000 units, at a distance from the construction target of 1:1, so we believe that there is still much room for improvement.
Further return to the company itself, considering that public chargers are dominated mainly by operators such as national grids and special calls, that the primary application of charge guns is for personal use, that the main application of private chargers is small-area garages, that there are currently no absolute leads in the field of charge guns and private charge posts, and that the associated charging equipment for new energy vehicles is low, because
In this context, we believe that the field of charge guns and private charge-posts will be the core power point, with companies relying on their own branding advantages and transmissions, and that rapid access to the technology of turn-on connectivity will yield pre-emptive advantages.
To benefit from the rapid development of new energy sources and the teslab line charging operation, the online charge gun/stump market is in the high-growth phase. The Teslabu line charger operation in July 2020 contributed significantly to the rapid penetration of the new energy source charged class products at the end of c. According to business staff data, Ali was new throughout the year 2021.
The energy charger gun/charger pole industry, at a speed of about 320%, is in a fast-growing path. In order to see more clearly Tesla's contribution to the sale of new energy chargers on the line, we further calculate the industry gmv increase after Teslagmv was removed, and we can see an increase in the Tesrabre backline charger/gun market gmv.
The speed rises rapidly from double-digit to triple-digit levels. Given that Tesla’s 8,000-bit chargers are not in competition with most other brands at the same price, we remove Tesla products from the analysis of changes in the patterns of competition in Tesla’s industries before and after entry.
In order to find that except for Tesla, which occupies a high-end market, the lower- and middle-level market has not yet had an absolute headline: (1) the industry is in a “multiple-heading pattern”, there is no absolute leader, there are many second-board firms, and the quality of the charge gun/pump product and the quality of the product varies. (2) After Tesla's entry, consumer demand for the quality of the charged product has increased, and the white market has increased.
The company, as a leader in the traditional electricity connection industry, has been able to replicate the advantages of traditional electricity connections, technological reserves, brand image, etc., into electricity services. In 2021, the company was listed four times.
The company has taken the lead by using its technological advantages and “safe and secure” brand image in the field of electricity connection to the low- and middle-end markets for new energy connections, which, according to business staff data, have been introduced since the launch of the new energy connection product.
So, the company Ali's market share is on the rise, with 2022m1 market share rising to 20%, and when Tesla is removed, it can be seen that the company has seized a larger share of the lower- and middle-end markets for new energy and electricity connections, and that the market share of 2022m1 has risen to 38.46%. From online channels, we think that the company's new energy and electricity connection products are in the forefront of the industry.
The company has taken the lead in opening up the market on less centralized lines, and has established good slogans in the area of new energy recharge. A good brand image will further empower the outreach of the bottom-b channel.
At the bottom of the line of the future, the range of open-ended clients is divided mainly into housing and car companies: (1) for housing enterprises, the advantages of corporate arbitrage are clear, and there will be a marked improvement in the ability of companies to obtain passenger power under a series of products, such as smart open lights, leds, headlamps, smart products, charge stakes, etc. (2) For car companies, the car blocks are procured with very little self-production, and in a special way.
Sla's new energy company, which is represented by the new energy company, has started not to provide car-granting services, so we think that based on the early online advantage, the company is expected to build up its size advantage in the field of power-filling posts and gradually expand its customers to new energy sources, and we think that the main recommended logic of the company today is low valuation and steady growth. The logic of steady growth lies in the converter, the wall.
The leadership of the two core industries is strong, light and new energy connections are gradually moving into fast lanes, and multi-business development is driving firm growth in corporate revenue: (1) converters, as fast-discharged groups, are less affected by external factors, and natural renewal needs are stable.
In the future, it is expected to maintain steady growth in high units. (2) The wall ' s openings are highly volatile due to strong installation properties and real estate relevance. For companies, product intelligence upgrading and downswing market +b end markets are two of the most robust and intelligent players in one production.
Upgrades are industry trends, with the second-down market and the b-end market patterns fragmented and still have much scope for expansion. At the end of the product, the company is already active in such categories as smart switches, smart plugs, and at the end of the channel, the company ' s b-side business is expanding rapidly, and it is proposed to gradually target products related to the downfall of the market layout, with products and channels expected to be under-fired.
(3) On the one hand, the industry beta growth dividend is clear, the industry lighting industry is large and not yet in shape, and there is an advantage in the company’s channels, with the power of intelligent lighting leading to greater growth potential. The second most powerful synergies + supply chain standardization mitigation capabilities are expected to generate their own alpha growth at the end of the product.
In the short and medium term, it is expected to maintain a high growth of around 30 per cent in light operations.
(4) With regard to the charger post/gun, rapid growth is taking place in the light of the new energy winds, with companies taking the lead in taking over the power market. Rapid layouts have formed a pre-emptive advantage, and future capabilities such as scalding, scalding, etc. will give way to co-generation on the energy line plus below the grid, considering that the core industry is expected to sustain steady growth, and that the growth of new energy, led, is expected to accelerate.
Unexpected sales of new products; increased risks of competition in the industry; and higher than expected rise in raw materials.