The Māori rate has continued to improve, and performance has increased at an accelerated rate 31.7 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is $320 million, or 34.6 per cent over the same period.
Supermarket expectations. 2) q3 quarter performance has increased significantly. Company q3 has achieved a high income growth of $1.01 billion for new customers plus new orders. 1) In the first half of 2017, the company took over 39 new projects, bulklights 36 new projects, and a steady stream of new orders was a guarantee of high growth in corporate income.
2) During the first half of the year, the company, on the basis of maintaining its previous customers, developed new customers such as the Gilly Car, Volvo (China) and Chirije Leopard Rhodes, which would help to optimize the company ' s revenue structure by moving autonomously in tandem with joint ventures and deeper into the mid-to-high-end market.
▪ The product continues to move up-end and intelligently, and the value of the bicycles continues to rise. 1) The share of sales of front and post-combined lights has increased. In 2016, the company won more than Odia 3, q5, and is expected to increase the share of future headlights. 2) Led, smart car lights trend
The company currently has about 8-9 led lamps, which are expected to be further increased in 2018; the first generation of the company and the second generation of the adb headlights are being developed into 1.A.S. shares: the Māori rollout point.
Good, the project application has been negotiated with the mainframe plant. At the same time, there has been some progress in the development of pre-lights, which is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
The Fushan Starwoo project is progressing steadily, and further energy is being released. Fu Shan Starwoo is about to enter. 2. Starwoo shares: products and customers are going to the top end of the trial production phase, and it is expected to enter into bulk production in the fourth quarter of 2017, all of which will take shape.
With the expansion of the Fushan Star and Capacity Project, the company’s capacity will continue to be released, with high income growth sustained. Given the wide scope of the car lighting market, the company is the leader of its internal capital, and the product is high-end, intelligent.
We believe that the company’s reasonable valuation is 30 times greater than in 2018, maintaining an “upscaling” assessment, and that the production capacity of the plant is underutilized.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board