A steady increase in performance in line with the expected Māori rate - 3-quarterly evaluation in 2017.
The rapid growth in performance is due, on the one hand, to the progressive deployment of corporate car light project orders and, on the other hand, to the upgrading of product structures resulting from the shift of product products from light to light, halogen to light.
The Māori ratio of 2017q3 was 21.99 per cent, an increase of 0.24 percentage points in the same year, and we believe that it was mainly due to product structural upgrading and declining negative rates; net corporate interest rates rose 0.31 percentage points to 10.76 per cent in the same year, and to a certain extent the cost of benefiting from sales fell by 0.13 percentage points in the same year for 2017q3 sales.
Third, profit projections and investment proposals, which are the backbone of in-house vehicle lights, are at this stage changing the structure of the beneficiary products and new client cycles, and companies are re-emerged.
On the one hand, the upgrading of the corporate product structure has led to an increase in value, as reflected in the upgrading of light-to-light, led, intelligence-upgrading, and, on the other hand, the opening of a new product cycle for large-scale corporate clients, whose maintenance and new customer outreach (Girl, etc.) have been secured for future orders and performance.
The company took over 138 new projects and 39 new ones in the first half of 2017. 23 times, 18 times: a “highly recommended” rating is maintained.
The main customers are selling less than expected, the company’s products are not upgraded as expected, and competition in the market has intensified.
Yu Haikun, Master of Business and Industry, University of Qinghua, and an expert in automobiles, mobility and aftercare. He was in charge of marketing in the North as head of a car brand, in charge of under-line development and brand promotion activities in the country, and has two years of business experience in the post-car market, investment and research in car networking, car finance, new energy battery materials, power-filling stake and o2o automobile services.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.