Quarterly reports meet expectations that current inputs will pave the way for high growth next year. Quarterly reports issued by the company on 28 October for the first three quarters of the year, amounting to $3.07 billion in operating income, representing an increase of 31.69 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit on maternity is $324 million, representing an increase of 34.55 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity deductions is $281 million, compared with the corresponding figure.
The three-quarter performance was in line with expectations, income and profits, which sustained growth in the first half of the year. The three-quarter operating income was 1006 million, representing an increase of 37.04 per cent in the same year, the net return to the mother was $97 million, an increase of 42.19 per cent in the same year, and the net profit to the mother after deduction was $79 million, an increase of 29.51 per cent in the same year.
Quarterlys are close, with growth in the first half of the year maintained in the third quarter. By contrast, the three-quarters Māori rate was nearly 1 pp higher than the same period last year, resulting in a higher rate of net return profit than the recovery rate; the lower base for the same period last year, resulting in a higher rate of income and net profit growth in the third quarter of this year. The three-quarter Māori rate was 22.01 per cent, with a net interest rate of 9.54 per cent.
By ring, the Māori rate was close to one or two quarters, with net interest rates slightly lower than one or two quarters, mainly due to increased sales costs and management costs. Of this, sales costs were mainly attributable to increased transportation costs, while management costs were mainly attributable to increased research and development expenditure and staff remuneration.
The net cash flow from operating activities increases considerably as a result of the growth in sales revenues and higher refunds for modelling costs. The reported R&D expenditure (093 million) increased by 60% compared to the same year, accounting for 62% of the management costs (150 million).
We believe that the three-quarter trend of high growth in R & D spending, which is both benign and necessary, paves the way for high growth in the years to come, with more cash inflows into business activities and larger refunds for modular costs, more cash outflows from investment activities and more cash outflows from Buddhist workers.
In the first three quarters of the company, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $660 million, an increase of 176 per cent over the same period. Net cash flows from investing activities amounted to $690 million, mainly as a result of the current period’s revenue investment portfolio and the increase in capital investment by the Fushan subsidiary.
Ten thousand, eight hundred thousand taillights, two are ready for production in the middle of next year. A total of 1.4 million headlights and 1.1 million taillights for the second extension.
The company has 138 new projects in 2016, of which 19 are for front-light projects and 8 are for all-leed lights (3-4 for the public, 3 autonomous, 1-2 for the day). 39 are new in the first half of 2017, of which 9 are for front-light projects, which will be produced in 18/19, as a result of Led
The high value of the big lights will boost growth in corporate income and increase the Māori rate. 2) Enter more customer supply systems by virtue of their own advantages. In recent years, companies have entered new clients like Broadway, Gilly, and Benz, Volvo, and Chiríte Jaguar, among others, are also in contact.
Quarterly stock evaluation (601799) has cross-market research experience with a share and port share, eight years of buyer experience, five years of business experience.
Witness Helsen.