The electricity network automation operation has accelerated and information and communication growth has been dramatic. The company issued a three-monthly report for 2020, with business income and net profit from maternity, deducting net profit from parentage of $20.1 billion, $2.55 billion, $2.42 billion, an increase of 17 per cent, 18.7 per cent and 20.1 per cent, respectively.
q3 operating income, net return to the mother, deducting the net return to the mother, $7.94 billion, $1.17 billion, $1.14 billion, an increase of 27.2 per cent, 24.0 per cent, and 27.3 per cent in the company ' s first three quarters, 1.2 per cent, and a slight decrease in the Māori rate in the previous three quarters, mainly due to the low Māori ratio of electricity generation and water conservation.
The first three quarters saw a reduction of 0.2 pct, 1.2 pcc, resulting in a net profit increase of 0.35 pct and a pull-roe increase of 0.43 pct. Core operations such as electricity information communications, grid automation, and relay protection continue to grow at a high rate.
1. "The State Tele-Sweet Review - q2 Recovering Rapid Growth Information and Communication: The Network released 10 digital new capital operations this year, totalling $24.7 billion, which are expected to be long, and new and emerging operations outside the Internet are expected to yield significant results " .
The digital economy is accelerating with the conventional grid automaticity.
Release, in which high-unit price regulation clouds of interest to the market are launched to scale the bidding for companies over the next two years. 3. Company proposes to establish a robotic joint venture company to study - accelerate the release of energy grid automation and industrial control: accelerated grid construction, q3 delivery of the plate
The first three quarters saw a growth rate of about 10% (h1 growth of only 0.4%) and a certain acceleration in the new list.
If you look at the relay protection business alone, this year’s order growth will be around 20%. The Jiangsu-Granton direct-flow high-pressure project is now expected to approve a tender this year, and the remaining nine projects awaiting approval are likely to maintain a smooth bidding process, with a reduced impact on the company’s business volatility.
In 2019, the company signed a new $3.7 billion high-pressure straight-flow order, which, based on the calculation of the impact, increased by about 26 per cent, with electricity grid automation and industrial control, and electricity information communication maintaining a high medium-to-moderate growth rate of 15-30 per cent.
The 14th Wind Plan will greatly stimulate the demand for smart grids. The power grids are essential for rapid wind and light development in the 14th century or more, and the two are mutually reinforcing. The uncertainty of wind and light power can be matched with the need for FM power or storage, and the need for and technology for smart dispatch, network automation.
(8621) 60935389 is very large. Nanwe, a company that is the majority of smart power grids, has fully benefited from the intellectual and informative investment that the energy revolution has brought about, whose valuation is supposed to rise with high certainty.
The company ' s three-quarterly reports exceeded expectations and suitably increased performance during the year, with the company expected to return to its parent net profits in 2020-2022, the electricity network not investing as much as expected, the electricity grid construction not growing as expected, and the emerging industry not expanding as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment