What is the long-term competitive advantage of recruiting retail operations? - In-depth report by the Merchant Bank (600036) reported a return of only 9.2 per cent on venture capital in 2008 compared to 2017.
The risk capital return on retail banking has risen to a high of 26.4%. How does retail banking work leapfrog?
The retail lending structure of the merchant banks was gradually optimized after the financial crisis, and the ratio of high-yield loans, represented by credit cards and consumer loans, continued to rise steadily, with the share of current deposits rising by 22 percentage points over the same period, but as a result of the overall increase in retail deposits in recent years
As a result, companies began to shrink, constrained by the cost of retail deposits, and the higher cost of credit risk led to a decline in the cost of credit risk after excluding the cost of retail loans. The contribution of retail intermediaries to retail revenue increased by 6 percentage points.
This is mainly due to a slowdown in interest-rate differential income. Thus, the income end is not the main reason for the increase in the return on venture capital. Cost-earning ratios are significantly lower than business income by only 14 per cent over the past nine years, as a result of continued cost compression.
Taken together, the sharp decline in the cost-earning ratio has become the main driver of the increase in the return on venture capital in retail banking. By controlling cost-earnings, there is less room to release profits in the future, and retail banks compete.
The debate is bound to be on the income side. From the income side, the low-cost financial advantage of the hiring bank is expected to continue for some time to come, but it may become weaker; the innovation of the lending of the hiring bank is at the forefront of the industry, and retail lending is better structured than retail lending.
Other banks, in the larger context of the future domestic transition, have benefited more; retail intermediaries have earned more than 30 per cent of their income, and wealth management fees have earned more than 50 per cent of their income from bank charges, and are subject to short-term supervision.
But the size of the domestic finance market, even in the face of short-term regulatory shocks and the challenges of new entrants, is likely to keep low capital through constant product innovation as long as banks increase their investment in technology.
Given the above analysis of the competitive advantages of retail business in merchant banks, and the contribution to performance of the future increase in the share of retail business. In our medium-term valuation assumptions, the impact of the rising factors is that there is currently no capital gap in the recruitment exercise.
Bank valuation dynamics pb1.41x are significantly higher than industry-wide valuation levels and largely implicitly include a competitive advantage in retail operations. For the first time, coverage is given, with an increased rating given. Risk factors: the economic downside over-expected results in deterioration of asset quality; and tighter regulations.
In recent years, domestic banks have been passively transformed into retail businesses. Adverse factors such as financial intermediation, narrow spreads, and a rise in bad rates have squeezed the money costs that used to be the main income of banks, the spreads have continued to shrink, and the traditional business has been subject to frequent disruptions.
As another core area of banking, retailing has gradually become an important engine for banks to generate income. Domestic leading banks have become aware of the urgency of the transition, raising their share of retail revenue over the years.
The median share of earnings and pre-tax profits from retail operations in domestic listed banks exceeds 30 per cent, while the median is 35 per cent, while the median is 36 per cent, an increase of 9 percentage points and 19 percentage points from 2010. (Comparable calculus)
In 2017, the banks with the highest share of retail operations were the merchant banks, and the retail sector has already contributed 49% to the current collection. The pre-tax profit contribution of retail operations has exceeded a percentage point, with an increase above the industry average.
Retail venture capital returns to retail operations increased by 17 percentage points in the aftermath of the financial crisis
The four factors of online financial shocks are compounded by the establishment of “light banks” as the goal of deepening the “second transformation.” Among these, “light banks” are characteristic operations: private banks, wealth management, asset management, credit cards, trading banks, investment banks, trusteeships, notes, financial markets, etc.
In 2008, the risk capital return on retail business in merchant banks was only 9.2%, while in 2017 the risk capital return on retail business in merchant banks has risen to a higher level of 26.4%. How does retail business in merchant banks make a leap?
2.1 The loan structure has been further optimized, with a higher share of high-yield loans rising from $232.6 billion in 2008 to $1785.3 billion in 2017, with a compound increase of 29.4 per cent, and the share of retail loans in total corporate lending rising from 26.6 per cent in 2008 to 2017
In terms of the structure of retail loans, while the ratio of all types of loans may fluctuate in the short term due to the phasing-in strategy, overall trends suggest that credit card loans and other loans dominated by micro-enterprises account for the share of retail loans in the total number of loans in the hiring banks.
2.2 The percentage of demand deposits rose by 22 percentage points, but the overall growth in retail deposits was weak.
There were only 669 business points and branches in 2008, and 1818 in 2017, with 158, 375 and 285 more in 2012, 2014 and 2015, respectively. Given the growth in loan holdings, the expansion of branches has indeed led to the growth of loans, especially retail loans.
Retail deposits, however, did not grow significantly as a result of the rapid expansion of branches. Over the past nine years, the combined rate of increase in deposits was only 11%, while the loan rate was 25%, and the loan rate was significantly higher than the deposit rate.
2.3 The cost of deposits has increased significantly in recent years, and the rim in retail operations has continued to shrink.
To support the development of public and financial operations and to earn the corresponding internal loan proceeds (equivalent to inter-bank interest rates), even though the interest rates are lower than the loan rates, the credit and liquidity risk provisions are also low. Thus, as long as there is a positive spread between the interest rates on borrowing and the interest rates on deposits, the above-mentioned banks are retailed
Until 2014, retail deposits continued to be on a larger scale than retail loans. Starting in 2014, retail deposits could not meet the demand for retail development as the balance of retail loans exceeded the balance of retail loans.
In 2008, the contribution of internal borrowing revenue to net interest income reached 47.3 per cent, after which the contribution of internal borrowing, which was supposed to release profits to increase the return on venture capital, continued to decline as a result of the rapid growth in the size of the loan. Retail deposits were no longer available by the end of 2014.
Full retail loan demand, with net internal interest gains beginning to turn negative, while the cost of unbundling internal capital as of the end of 2017 amounted to $18.7 billion, contributing -26 per cent to the current net interest income. If the disturbance of deposits is removed, the net difference in retail loans from the merchant banks will be essentially in place until 2016.
After 2016, with the spread of retail lending, the cost of internal deposit lending has risen significantly, and if the average gap in the time-point data on the loan is simply measured, the cost of internal deposits has once reached an average of 5.5 per cent, significantly higher than the interest-bearing cost of 0.8 per cent on retail deposits.
As a result, the net interest differentials in retail operations from 2016 to 2017 were directly reduced by 57 bp and 113 bp. The higher ratio of retail loans at higher risk and firm strict provisions resulted in an increase of 10 percentage points in the share of impairment losses/net interest income from zero sales operations during the same period.
According to the negative rates of the various types of retail loans announced, the rate of non-performing individual housing loans is only 0.33%, the rate of poor loans is 1.77% for small loans, the rate of poor credit card loans is 1.11%, and the rate of non-performing loans for other consumer types is 1.43% for commercial housing loans, automobile loans, home improvement loans, etc.
The poor rate of micro-enterprise lending is significantly higher than the poor rate of housing loans. As a result, the combined credit cost of retail operations increases as the scale rises.
The share of retail intermediate income from banks increased by 6 percentage points, from 27.6 per cent in 2008 to 33.6 per cent in 2017. The combined growth in retail intermediate business over the past nine years and the 4 percentage points in retail business increased.
The income end is not the main driver of the increase in the return on retail venture capital. In terms of the composition of retail intermediate business revenues, bank card fees and retail wealth management commissions, their own channel advantages and customer advantages, and the promotion of retail wealth management through strategies such as cross-sales
In 2017, the ratio of retail wealth management commissions to retail intermediates was 52%, an increase of almost 10 percentage points from 2008. Bank card fees also grew faster at the same time as accumulated cards. Bank card charges increased faster.
The share of income declined as a result of the 28 per cent increase in the revenue from retail wealth management commissions.2.5 Cost revenue decreased significantly by 33 percentage points and, at the cost end, the number of branches of the company reached significant levels in 2012, 2014 and 2015
The expansion increased by 158, 375, and 285, respectively. The expansion of branches led to rapid growth in revenue from operations, and 23% of compound growth was significantly faster than the 14% compound increase in business and management costs, resulting in a steady decline in cost-earnings.
In 2017, it fell to 37 per cent, a decrease of 33 percentage points. Thus, a significant decline in the cost-earning ratio was the main driver of a significant increase in the risk-capital return on retail business at the merchant bank. 2.6 A significant drop in the cost-earning ratio was the main reason for the increase in the risk-return rate on retail business.
Overall, after the financial crisis, the retail lending structure of commercial banks was gradually optimized, and the ratio of high-yield loans, on behalf of credit cards and consumer loans, continued to rise steadily, with demand deposits rising by 22 percentage points over the same period, but since the overall increase in retail deposits in recent years was not as fast as retail loans, companies were being retailed Nim.
The cost constraint has begun to shrink, coupled with the higher cost of credit risk, which has led to a further decline in the credit risk elimination of Nim. The contribution of retail intermediaries to retail revenue has increased by six percentage points, mainly because of the slowdown in interest differential income.
The main reason for this increase is to look at the cost side, where the combined growth rate of only 14 per cent over the past nine years has been significantly lower than the 23 per cent growth in operating income, and hence the significant decline in cost-earning ratios from the cost-earning ratio has become the main factor in raising the return on risk capital in retail business at the commercial bank.
3. Analysis of the advantages of future competition in the recruitment of retail business, which is currently at 37% of the cost of retail business in the commercial banks, is very close to the average of 33% in the case of large State-owned banks, such as businesses and construction banks.
Future retail banking competition is expected to take place at the income end. What are the factors at the income end that can lead to sustained competitiveness of the hiring banks?
In 2014-2015, a large number of branches were opened, and the cost did not rise significantly in terms of business data for nearly two or three years, but the total number of deposits did not rise significantly, and the average bank balance of the branches showed a marked downward trend. Even considering the growth cycle of the node, the rapid transfer of money to deposits was not possible.
Apart from the impact of the rapid development of financial operations, these new points of the hiring banks are located in economically developed regions, where clients have a greater sense of financial management, thus increasing the volume of retail deposits.
In terms of the composition of the increase in deposits, the increase in deposits in recent years has been mainly due to corporate deposits. In the last few years, the cost of public deposits and retail deposits by merchant banks has continued to increase.
The cost of the end-of-debt will increase even further as retail lending itself has exceeded retail deposits. Thus, the low cost advantage of the funds or will gradually weaken in the hiring banks. 3.2 The structure of retail lending is optimized and the share of consumer credit is expected to rise.
The number of credit cards issued by the merchant banks increased rapidly, from 27.26 million in 2008 to 10.23 million, with an average compound annual growth rate of 15.6 per cent, while the number of valid cards increased from 1.94 million to 62.46 million in 2017, with the ratio of valid cards remaining at 62 per cent. During the same period, credit card lending balances accounted for 62 per cent.
The share of retail lending balances has risen to almost 28%, with credit card loans growing at an average rate of almost 36% per year over the past nine years, far faster than the credit issue. The credit balance from valid credit cards has also increased somewhat.
Housing mortgages have fallen below 50% in terms of the overall loan structure, and the lending structure has become more diversified. Nearly 80% of mortgages and credit cards and consumer credits have been matched by only 20% of retail loans.
In contrast to the retail lending structure of developed countries, credit card loans and discount loans account for around 20% of retail loans in the United States banking sector, while home mortgages account for 60%.
The ratio of credit to credit rose faster, by 8 percentage points, while the ratio of consumer loans also rose.
Higher, and will be an engine of growth for China’s retail banking revenues in the coming years. Thus, the balanced structure of the zero-sale bank lending structure will allow the retail advantage of the retail bank to remain in place for some time, with 3.3 retail intermediates accounting for more than 30% of the retail business, and future competition will focus mainly on product innovation.
Retail wealth management operations and private banking have also grown rapidly over the past few years, thanks to its strong channel and customer advantage. The share of retail wealth management commissions in 2017 has reached 52% compared to retail intermediates, up by almost 10 percentage points from 2008.
The share of income from bank card charges has been exceeded. Revenue from wealth management operations has also become more diversified, with 28 per cent of income from proxy insurance operations, 27 per cent from trustee funds and 18 per cent from proxy trust schemes, for example in 2017.
The decline in growth has had a significant negative impact on the industry, with revenues from the recruitment of wealth management operations falling in the short term as the size of wealth management business contracted, but in the medium and long term, in the face of the country ' s strong financial management needs and large financial markets, recruitment can still be achieved by its own channel and customer advantage.
As of 2017, the number of private bank clients in the Merchant Bank had reached 674,000, the total size of private bank customer assets had reached 1.91 trillion yuan, and the average household assets had reached 28.26 million yuan.
It is also indicated that future asset allocation and the transmission of assets will be the focus of private banking. Retail operations will receive more than 30% of fees and fees. Commissions in wealth management operations will also account for more than 50% of retail revenue.
Revenue will decline somewhat. But in the medium and long term, the banks’ own ability to innovate at the end of the product can maintain their competitiveness. 3.4 Increased investment in financial science and technology to meet the challenges of new entrants.
Internet finance enterprises in the country, represented by ants, ants, etc., have had a huge impact on traditional banking. At present, Internet finance permeates traditional banking operations from three sources: finance, loans, and payments. In terms of financial management, a large number of banks have been able to transfer their money to the Internet.
Over $3 trillion. Of that amount, the balance of treasures reached $1.58 trillion. In terms of loans, Internet credit well blow-outs have increased. In 2017, p2p network loans have reached over $2 trillion, and micro-credits have exceeded $100 billion. Third-party payments have taken over bank positions. Third-party payments completely.
The network pays more than 100 trillion and the mobile end payment ratio is more than 90%. From these phenomena, these new entrants are basically focused market segments, based on mobile end innovation, technological means to capture port advantages, continuously reduce costs and enhance client experience, thus dividing them with traditional banks.
Currently, these new entrants have expanded their operations from retail to public services such as SME financing, institutional asset management, etc. International banking research data shows that leading banks invest 15% of pre-tax profits in new subversive technologies.
In 2017, the comptoirs approved 1 per cent of pre-tax profits in 2016, or $790 million, for financial science and technology, and set up a special fund for financial science, technology and innovation projects; in 2018, it rose to 1 per cent of the revenue from the previous year’s operations, or $2.21 billion, and indicated that further investments could be made if needed.
According to the 2017 data, financial technology has begun to drive growth in the number of clients in commercial banks. Retailed customers have reached 100 million, company customers have more than 1.57 million, company banks have applied, and the number of users of life applications has exceeded 45 million per month.
The most immediate effect of development is to reduce the cost of receiving customers through the application of different scenarios and to improve client competitiveness in the future by focusing on the advantages of the loan structure and the innovation of intermediary operations.
And it's going to be on the income side. From the income side, the low-cost financial advantage of the hiring bank is expected to continue for some time to come, but it may become weaker; the hiring bank lending is at the forefront of the industry, and retail lending is better structured than other banks, and it's going to be transformed in the country.
In the larger context, the benefits are greater: the share of retail intermediate business income has exceeded 30%, and the share of wealth management fee revenue has exceeded the income of bank charges, exceeding 50%, and is influenced by short-term regulatory factors, and the contribution of intermediate business income has been lost.
The size of the market, even in the face of short-term regulatory shocks and the challenges of new entrants, is likely to maintain a lower financial cost advantage as long as banks increase their investment in financial science and technology, through innovation in ongoing products, given our above-mentioned analysis of the competitive advantage of retailing by merchant banks and the future share of retailing.
In our medium-term valuation assumptions, we increase by 8.5% over the medium-term, and, given the potential restatement pressure and the impact of the rise in the default rate, we do not have a capital deficit until we measure the recruitment. The current market bank valuation dynamic pb1.41x is significantly higher than the industry.
The overall valuation level also largely implies a competitive advantage in retail operations. For the first time, it is covered with an increased rating.