Overseas operations are growing steadily, domestic markets are under short-term pressure, markets continue to optimize agency development and focus on large-scale clients, with 2025h1 major offshore operations generating revenues of $952 million (yoy+19.57 per cent), of which reagent operations are growing more than ever.
Thirty-six per cent of overseas operations show a high-quality development, and we believe that, as the company’s overseas branches move forward with localization, stock reagent consumption and new demand will become a double-heavy driver and the potential for business growth will continue to be released. In-country operations are subject to external diagnostic reagents.
The combination of multiple external factors, such as the location of the central procurement policy, the adjustment of the value added tax rate, the reform of the drig/dip payment method and the testing of the project package, has led to a decline in the light test dose price.
Demand recovery, companies are expected to gain a greater share of the market with a stronger competitive advantage, and domestic large- and medium-sized aircraft will continue to push + instruments will be enriched gradually, and reagents will be released over a period of time. \triangleright 2025
One billion (yoy+7.37%) of which 774 chemical luminescent immune analysers were installed in the domestic market, and a total of 1971 chemical luminous immunoanalysis units were sold, raising the ratio to 77.02% for medium-sized high-end machines. In addition, the company ' s high-end product matrix was continuously validated in the market, with the entire laboratory.
The automated stream t8 achieves 92 loads/sales, and we believe that as the series of c10, x10, r8 instruments are placed on the market, the company's competitiveness at the end of the instrument is expected to increase further, laying a solid foundation for the growth of subsequent reagents.
Large machine ratios have continued to rise, income has increased, structural changes have had an impact (a faster rate of increase in instrument revenue has led to a higher share), companies have sold 2025h1 with a sales rate of 68.44 per cent (youy-4.17 pp), and we believe that with reagent consumption, it is quick to recover.
Overseas operations are growing robustly, large aircraft are growing rapidly, and corporate profitability is expected to pick up.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: risk of policy change; risk of research and development, registration of new products; increased competition in the market; enrolment in 2024 in Sinda securities, covering health services, cxo, upper life sciences, Chinese medicine, etc.
In 2023, we joined the Cadastre in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, we joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.