New industries: China has continued to grow, domestic operations can be repaired over time, domestic collections have been affected, medium- and high-end equipment installed to drive the rapid release of reagents overseas, domestic markets, companies have achieved major business revenues of $1,229 million, 13 per cent less than the previous year.
In the first half of the year, the company completed the installation of 774 fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers on the domestic market, of which the proportion of large-scale installed machines reached 75 per cent. By the end of the first half of the year, the number of tertiary hospitals served by the company ' s products reached 1835, of which 63.51 per cent was covered.
Overseas reagent business revenue grew by 37% over the same year, and income structure optimized the rate of Maori overseas steadily rising overall equity/flow (billion shares). In the first half of the year, overseas markets sold a total of 1971 fully automated chemical luminescent immunology analysers.
The overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) increased the sales of large-scale luminous instruments to 77%, up 12 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
End-of-cycle promotion and application, with more visible results, is expected to provide a solid basis for increasing offshore customer upgrading in the medium and long term. < < New Industry Stocktaking Report: Domestic Operations Taken together >
The domestic influences will be repaired, and the turning point will be renewable, influenced by multiple external factors, such as the location of the central procurement policy for external diagnostic reagents, the adjustment of the value added tax rate, and the lower price of the company's domestic reagent products, which will be collected from the reagent business.
< <New Industry Review Report: The ratio of medium to large instruments is a significant stress. The industry backs up in drigdip ' s payment reform and test project package > > > > > > > > .
Under the circumstances, the demand for overall market testing is subject to a state-of-the-art pressure. However, with the construction of large instruments and laboratory water lines, the total quantity of reagent testing has been growing, with level III hospitals reporting < < New Industries > evaluation: performance is on track.
The detection is a double-digit increase. The X series of instruments and currents show remarkable performance > - the market is gradually entering the digestion and adaptation phase. Adding up to July 2025, the clinical significance is clear.
Point-testing projects have gradually been restored to routine use, providing core value support for clinical decision-making. Based on these trends, the company expects that the “volume” and “price” core factors affecting domestic reagent collection in the third quarter of 2025 will lead to a two-fold recovery and a robust recovery.
The cost of sales, management, research and development, and the financial share.
New industries: Continued growth in sea travel, rehabilitation of domestic operations: Sustained growth of sea travel, rehabilitation of domestic operations: Sustained growth of sea travel, rehabilitation of domestic operations, rehabilitation of domestic operations
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.