Short-term pressure on domestic operations, sustained high-quality growth abroad Investment rating: increase (maintenance) • short-term pressure on domestic operations, high performance in overseas markets, sustained optimization of income structure
The impact of lower prices after the inter-provincial coalition of diagnostic reagents and the in-depth drg/dip payment reforms, among other factors, has led to a reduction in the number of tests for some of the testing projects, in which revenues from domestic reagent-type operations have fallen by 18.96 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Achieving 952 million yuan (+19.57%), with reagent operations driven by a steady increase in instrument loads, 36.86% higher than the previous year, an increase in overseas revenues to 43.65%, and a growing synergy of instruments plus reagents.
At 68.64%, it remains relatively stable. • The high end product matrix has been validated by the market, and the small molecular kernel reagents have continued to push. During the reporting period, companies have continued to promote high end product layouts.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had a cumulative service of 1,835 level III hospitals in the country, covering 47.60 per cent, of which 63.51 per cent was covered by tri-a-hospitals.
At the end of the reporting period, companies had set up local operating systems in 14 core countries, satlarst8 fully automated laboratory currents, with 92 installed/saled worldwide in the first half of the year and 179 loaded/saled cumulatively.
1. With regard to the products of the new industry, the company ' s flagship, Maglumix10 (1,000t/h), is fully automated (300832); the chemical is glowing out of the sea.
The photo immunoanalyst and the high-end fully automated biochemical analyser biossaysc10 (2000t/h) obtained a domestic product certificate to further enhance the capacity of large medical terminals in the company’s services.
The company has achieved a technological breakthrough in the field of small molecular testing, with 14 tests of the “small molecular centrifugal approach” (300832): the offshore market has grown bright and the high-speed agent has been approved for the market, bringing new growth points for the company.
• Investment proposal: maintenance of the “uptake” rating 3. [Wayan Medicines] Deep New Industries (300832): National Chemical Leap Out of the Sea Pathfinder
There is a wealth of experience in the medical industry, primary market investment and secondary market research. A country-producing company for structural heart disease, which uses information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.