Mid-2023: Quarterly improvements in performance, flagship 29/08/2023 Keyword: #performance meets expectations #cost decreases # new products, new technologies, new clients
Events: The company released its mid-2023 report, which improved its performance on a quarterly basis, with the year as a whole improving: 80.18 billion yuan, a 12.5 per cent drop in the same year for 2023h1 companies; 740 million yuan, a 88.8 per cent decline in the same year for mothers; and 88.8 per cent for non-mothers.
Growth of 11.1 per cent, resulting in a reversal of the net profit from the non-return to the mother of 80 million yuan, and a marked improvement in the second quarter of the year over the first quarter. The main reason is: 1) The price of the lcd screen product has increased steadily since February 2023, and the price of the notebook and monitor monitor product has gradually increased.
Steady, upswing is showing. At the same time, the demand for downstream readyness in mainstream applications is gradually released, the demand for innovative applications such as smart pods, ar/vr, foldings is steadily growing, crop productivity is rising and corporate performance is improving; and 2) the firm ' s soft aled continues to grow high demand
For the first time ever, semi-annual shipments out of 50 million grades, nearly 80 per cent more than the previous year, continued to be a leading competitive advantage.) 2023h1, with a narrow drop in monitor operations, a 1.1 per cent increase in the same rate, a 76.8 per cent increase in the same rate for sensor operations, and a single increase in mled operations.
lcd has maintained its advantage, with a significant increase in the oled penetration rate: 1)2023h1, the company continues to be a market leader in the field of displays, and the total and tv, mnt, nb, tablet, five major mainstream applications of mobile phones have been the world's top priority, accompanied by future demand.
The company’s flagship effect is expected to bring significant elasticity to its performance in the interest of gradual warming. 2) The company’s active layout of its operations, soft-led screens already cover a number of countries and regions such as the United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea, etc., and is based on continuous supply of folding mobile phones, folding notebooks, etc. for first-line brands around the world.
Kyoto Easta (000725): In mid-2023, f-oled ' s high-end soft display of technology, new breakthroughs were also made in the area of automobiles in soft-led vehicle-mounted applications, as productivity continued to climb up the slope and the share of major clients continued to rise
Reporting performance forecast points: q2 single-season cutbacks, which are expected to become a new performance growth point in the future.  Comprehensive layout, “1+4+n+ecological chain”, captures the great opportunities of the intelligents conglomerate era: companies as half-directors
The performance is expected to be stable with a steady upturn in panel prices and continued optimization of the product structure.
Review: Performance is improving on a seasonal basis, waiting for demand to return, holding the stock of luminous light power mled operations up fast, and four high-diving channels are expected to become the main harvests in the future, actively developing a disaggregated application landscape and implementing the transformation of the network, and actively promoting supply.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we look at the business cycle reversal and fast-tracking of the company’s beneficiary panels, we maintain profit forecasts, and we predict the company’s net profit share for 2023-2025.
Three major financial forecasting tables in Kyodonga. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.