The prices of Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz) lcdtv continued to rise, and the net profit on the second quarter was reversed to a profit gain of 2023 net profit on the basis of the net profit on the back of the mother.
It is 83 million yuan, and the ring runs out. In the first half of 2023, the demand for final consumption recovered slowly, the lcd panel industry moved out of the valley, led by the supply side, and the lcd panel prices continued to rise, prompting companies to lose 2023 net profits off the back of their mothers.
According to witsview, the prices of products in the lcdtv group have been rising steadily since the second half of 2022, and prices in the t group have stabilized.
32/43/55/65 inch lcd television panel prices rose from $26/47/80/106 in September 2022, while the demand for downstream supplies in mainstream applications was gradually released, demand for innovative applications such as smart cabins, ar/vr, foldings were steadily increasing, cropping rates were rising rationally and corporate performance was being changed
The semi-annual volume of soft-aoleds has grown by nearly 80% over the same year. Although the overall output of smartphones in 2023 was not promising, the penetration rate of soft-amoled on smartphones has remained high.
The proportion of high-end products continues to rise. In 2023, the company made its first sudden semi-annual sales of flexible amoled, breaking 50 million grades, up nearly 80% from the same year. According to dscc, the iphone 15 series will be 100% higher than last year's iphone14 series, of which the Tokyo East accounts for the iphone 15 series.
The share of sales from the unled panel is estimated at 18%, a significant increase from 10% in the iphone 14 series. Given the larger depreciation pressure and low-price competition in low-end markets, corporate amoled-related operations have improved profitability, but are still under pressure.
Investment proposals: Supported by the “required production, dynamic control” business model of the panel plant, we look forward to a warm and upturn in the panel price, a gradual recovery in the crop rate of the floor plant to normal levels, and we expect a gradual warming of the landscape of the company 'Kyotoa (000725.sz)-lcd's panel, 0led's panel.
"Kyotoa (000725.sz)-lcd panel prices are falling rapidly, operating in the first half of the year" "Kyotoa (000725.sz) - 21 years - the second highest volume of shipments in the world, driven by technology" "Kyoto a-000725-2021 performance forecast: lcd profit cycle dilution."
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 3: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 6: Corporate single-quarter sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 5: Corporate single-quarter combined Mäori rates, parent net interest rates, period cost rates Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author