Mid 2023 performance forecast: q2 season off track Keyword: #Current Reverse #Exploitation Event: Companies issue mid-2023 performance forecast
o2 1st season to achieve profitability, second half of year flexibilities: net profit return by the company in the first half of the 23rd semester. Improved main causes: 1) continued upswings in the prices of the dominant panel at the end of the supply in the first half of the year and quarterly improvements in the company's revenue and profitability; 2) firm lcd's operations strictly enforced “dynamicly controlled, demand-driven production”.
The strategy is to fast-track innovative areas such as smart pods, ar/vr, fold screens while the demand in mainstream areas is gradually released; and 3) the firm’s continued high demand for flexible amoled, with its semi-annual output reaching 50 million grades for the first time, nearly 80 per cent more than ever before, maintaining a leading competitive advantage.
4) Deepen the “Screen Screen” development strategy and accelerate the transformation of physical networking. With three quarters entering the display panel season, demand side is expected to drive up the price and company performance elasticity.
tv, mnt, nb, tablet, mobile phones, five major lcd mainstream applications show that the volume of screened goods and market share continue to be the highest in the world; with further upstream and downstream integration, the withdrawal of Korean factories, the continued clean-up of production capacity and industry, the company's market share is expected to expand further, benefiting first from the panel price recovery.
2) The company has successfully delivered its major customers overseas for three years in a row, and the share of the supply continues to rise, and the company's home-grown Oldos, Chengdu, Sunyang, Chongqing, etc., has continued to work, thanks to the company's excellent technology and competitive prices, and the company's downstream.
The supply of soft aoled to mainstream customers is expected to continue to rise rapidly. Kyoto Easta (000725); 2023q1  full layout of the “1+4+n+ecological chain” to capture the great opportunities of the intelligents conglomerate era: companies as half-directors
Assessment: Performance is improving on a seasonal basis, waiting for demand to return, performance is high, accompanied by a steady upturn in panel prices and a steady recovery of product structure; innovation/sensors and solutions/intellectual medicine operations are growing rapidly.
With the rapid upswing in the operations of the luminous light power mled, the four high-altitude channels are expected to become the main source of revenue in the future; to actively develop a disaggregated application landscape and implement the transformation of the network; and to contribute actively to "Kyotoa " (000725); the global panel.
We need to localize the chain to foster both upstream and downstream co-development. The leader is expected to take the lead in the reversion of beneficiary industries.
In view of the fact that the recovery of downstream demand in the first half of the year was not as good as expected, we have a small financial forecast table for the three major players in Tokyo, a company, Dong Oo Securities, Inc., which has been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.