The chain of the heavy-carat industry is firmly in place, and the new business has a lot to offer.
• Cycling power: The Cyclops are strong, the chains cover the full range, the country's long-standing and highly technologically rich Cyclops are the Cyclops, the industrial chains cover the full range, and are based on power systems as the core technology, the multi-platform, the multinational group of smart industrial equipment.
The company's product is well-structured, heavy-card engine power is wide-ranging, torque indicators lead, heat efficiency tops the world, and the city is well ahead of the country. As the impact of overdraft demand subsides in 2023, the heavy-card industry has arrived, and the company's related business is expected to be repaired. We expect the company to make a net profit on its return.
• The concentration of competition patterns in the domestic heavy-card sector, which is expected to pick up again, and the concentration of competition patterns in the domestic heavy-card sector, which was close to 90% in the city of Cr5 in 2022.
Between the second half of the year and the end of 2022, sales continued to be low, with a total of 672,000 cards distributed throughout the year, a decrease of 51.8 per cent. According to the China-China Association, in February 2023, about 772,000 vehicles were sold in the domestic heavy card market (the number of votes cast by enterprises has gradually weakened the overdrafting effect, adding up export growth, and the volume of heavy card sales is expected to recover gradually).
• The heavy-cargo engine lead industry, with a steady increase in the weight-carat city, where new businesses are expected to contribute more.
In addition to the company’s forward-looking profile of hydrogen, the company’s forward-looking hydrogen.
The fuel industry chain contributes to the green transformation, and the technological reserves are deep and still to be spent. Card parts are sold less than expected.
The company was established in 2002 as one of the country's leading manufacturers of whole-cars and spare parts.
In the second phase, from 2008 to the present, the company has developed a new map of the overseas market, acquiring companies such as Quehu, Lindh Hydraulics, Matek, Psi, Odess, etc., and achieving a multinational group of smart industrial equipment with power systems at its core.
The company's main operations are engines, gear tanks, bridges, hydraulics, whole cars, smart logistics, etc., which form a systematic industrial landscape, creating a leading industry. The company focuses on the heavy-card industry chain, and conducts industrial up-and-down layouts. In the field of power systems, it has brands such as Faust, Hander Bridge, Lindh Hydraulics, etc.
The strategic reorganization of Quehu and Dematek in the field of currents has created an integrated operational capability for for forklift plus warehousing logistics; a new energy power system with “cells + motor + electrical control” has been constructed in the area of new energy sources.
The ownership structure is stable, and the control is vested in the Shandong State Finance Committee. The Shandong State Finance Committee indirectly holds 16.3 per cent of the stake in the fuelwood power, and is the actual controlling agent of the company.
The company’s main controlling or participating companies cover industrial plates, such as power aggregates, whole cars, and smart logistics, and form a complete industrial distribution network. Billions of dollars, 35%; smart logistics revenues of $78.9 billion, 45%, and two operations, 80%.
Linkhead enterprises, which are more relevant to commercial vehicle sales, are affected by the epidemic, the low commercial car industry, which generated $17.160 billion in 2022, compared with 20.5 per cent; net profit from the parent sector was $4.91 billion; the heavy card industry has arrived; and the company ' s heavy card-related business is expected to warm back with the industry.
2.1. Macro level: Economic warming plus domestic demand policies, high demand for logistics freight, and increased demand for logistics from national policies to open up the epidemic. Heavy cards can be divided into logistics transport, depending on their use. Heavy cards and engineering-based heavy cards, with data from the Central Air Association, show that the proportion of heavy cards in logistics transport and engineering-based construction is around 2021.
Logistics is in the majority for 7:3. Centrally active policies for logistics development are expected to be restored in 2023, with emphasis on accelerated transport infrastructure development, improved logistics infrastructure networks, coordinated supply chains, improved convergence, and an efficient modern logistics service system, which is expected to stimulate a return to logistics.
Restoring normality, which in turn heats up the need for heavy cards. Figure 10: Rehabilitation of production operations is expected to begin with the normalization of the epidemic (%): National postal drops are expected to start recovery (millions)
At the meso level: secure real-estate policy plus, the real-estate sector is expected to cool down, secure real-estate policy continues to build up, capital investment remains high, and heavy-card demand is expected to rise. The heavy-cards are for raw materials, and the impact of the country’s macro-regulation policy environment on heavy-cards, especially engineering-type heavy-cards, is significant.
Since 2022, the central government has been stimulating the release of real estate demand through such measures as interest rate reduction, tax refunds, adjustment of down payment rates, credit support, and bond-contribution support. Since July 2022, the country’s 100 largest urban cities have handed over land with a month-on-month improvement.
By the end of the year 2022, the land area had reached 187.12 million square metres. Local government bond issues and capital capital investments had remained high. The volume of local bond issues had increased year by year over the past five years, and in 22 years, local government bonds had reached $51.31.6 billion, a record high.
The recovery in the real estate sector and the growth in capital investment have contributed to a rise in the demand for heavy-card vehicles. 2.3. Micro level: monthly sales have been positive for the first time in almost two years, recovering or gradually opening up the domestic hub for heavy-card sales, with many factors leading to a sharp drop in the volume of heavy-card sales in 2022 in 2020.
The volume of heavy card sales has been innovative, reaching 16.17 million, an increase of 37.7 per cent in the same year. In 2021, emission regulations were upgraded, and sales continued to decline in the second half of 2021 to date, as a result of factors such as demand promotion, fuel price hikes and slowdowns in the five export countries. The volume of heavy card sales for the entire year was 672,000, a decrease of 51.8 per cent.
In February 2023, the country’s heavy-card sector experienced a positive monthly turnover, recovery or gradual opening. According to the Chinese Air Association, in February 2023, the heavy-card market sold about 772,000 vehicles (business starter caliber), an increase of 58 per cent in the ring, a 30 per cent increase in the same year, ending a 21-month decline in the stock market.
In the context of reduced impact and gradual elimination of the overdrafting effect, heavy card sales are expected to return to the same growth trend. Technology is shaped into fuelwood competitiveness, heavy card engine-leading industry 3.1, company heavy card-engine markets are high, and the power of the horse is driving future trends.
According to the company, in 2021, the number of trucks was 42.1% of the engine sales, and the number of heavy-cargo engines grew by 2.8 pcts to 30.9% in the same year. At the same time, the company ranked first in the country in 2021, with 15% of the multi-barrel diesel company.
Figure 19: 2021 wood-powered multi-barrel diesel machines leading the market share
The Jade Chai Group, all the way to Yunner's power.
We'll be back in the morning. We'll be back in the morning.
The hive power, the new power in Shanghai, Fukuda Conmins.
3.2 High-end motors are competitive, performance efficiency international first-rate power is wide, and torque indicators lead.
Heat efficiency is a key control factor in reducing fuel consumption. 2022, with annual heat efficiency passing 50.23%, created a new world record of 52.28% in January 2222, leading the world three times in a row.
Research and development (R & D) is highly valued and technologically advanced. Research and development (R & D) investment in companies has increased from year to year, bringing the total number of R & D staff to 10421 from 2018 to the end of the year, with 12.62% of the R & D staff.
After upgrading to six, the emission criteria place higher demands on technological development and service capabilities, and the entire series of fuelwood engines has met the country's sixb emission standards, in the interest of firms rapidly occupying markets, improving product competitiveness and maintaining industry leadership during the overall structural transformation of the market.
3.3 The pattern of competition in the heavy-card market is stable, and the rate of competition in the heavy-cartel sector has risen steadily; the country’s heavy-cartel sector is concentrated, accounting for close to 9% in 2022; according to data from companies on heavy-cartel sales, the concentration of competition in the domestic heavy-cartel market rose from 2018 to 2022, with a total of Cr5 holding from 2018 to 2018.
In 2022, the market for big cards in the country rose to 87.4 per cent. The top three major gas companies, the East Winds Group, and the first gas-free market, respectively, accounted for 23.6 per cent, 18.9 per cent and the fourth largest market for heavy gas cards in the country, with a steady increase in the rate.
A controlled subsidiary (51% shareholding) was established in 2002 and the main business is the production and sale of heavy cards. In 2022, a total of 108,000 heavy cards were sold and the market share rose to 16.1%.
The country’s top-notch new energy research and application laboratory, as well as post-doctoral research workshops and academic specialists, are leading the industry in the area of clean and new energy, smart networked commercial vehicles, developing multi-energy-saving and new energy-powered automobile products and ideas such as cng, ng, pure electric power, mixed power, hydrogen fuel cells, etc.
It is capable of driving heavy cards. In such subsectors as a purely electric car, heavy gas has been innovatively built into the platform structure, with a variety of autonomous technologies, such as electric machines and electrical controls, to complete full coverage of a variety of scene products, such as port transport, in-field traction, engineering and mining, and municipal use.
Figure 25: m3000s for electric power switching self-dismantling, Figure 26: m3000s for electric tractors,4 New business expansion is expected to contribute to the increase in volume, taking into account the technological advantages of the company
4.1. The technological market is two-fold integrated, and Revo agricultural equipment development is on track.
The business unit, Levo, as the country's very few autonomous brands capable of providing a holistic, fully mechanized solution to modern agriculture, has been leading the industry for nearly two decades, reaching 20 per cent in 2020 in the agricultural loading industry, and on 6 January 2021, the Quissai Group officially completed its work on Quissava wisdom.
Reorganization of the agricultural strategy. The technology is synchronized with the experience to achieve a win-win. After the reorganization, the synergization of the synergizes and the market is achieved in a number of ways. On the one hand, the symbiosis can rely on its high-end non-road series of engines.
Core resources, such as cvt total power and hydraulic power aggregates, provide an efficient and reliable engine for Raevo’s agricultural equipment. On the other hand, the advantages of firewood in areas such as electricity control, new energy sources, combined with Raevo’s extensive experience in agriculture and market ownership, help to boost the high-end layout of agricultural equipment.
The output matrix covers a wide range of needs. The motors for wood-powered agricultural equipment cover 3l, 4l, 6l, 7l, 10l, 12l, 13l, and the power range covers 48 to 530 horsepower.
Major manufacturers of agricultural equipment, both internally and externally. Figure 27: A matrix of engine products for major agricultural equipment, 4.2. Industrial vehicles and supply chain solutions, with an increase in the performance of smart logistics operations
Forklift products are growing steadily every year. The company’s offshore controlling subsidiary, Kaiju, is a leading global supplier in the field of internal logistics, helping factories, warehouses and distribution centres to optimize their material and information flows through the design, construction and improvement of logistics solutions in more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
In the area of industrial vehicles, the Kaiju Group has introduced a two-branded model of innovation in China. Lindh provides industrial vehicles mainly for the upper-middle markets, and Bo-chan focuses mainly on the public markets.
The development of demand, applying concepts such as automation and digitization to forklift robots, internal logistics system solutions, new energy forklifts, etc., is well suited to the Chinese market. Bojing combines German precision and rigorous quality with China’s competitive cost advantages, combining products such as electric balancing forklifts with the conglomerate’s three-power advantage.
In addition to a more economical approach to the pains of customer handling, figure 30: Bocabra brands focus on the public market, Kédou helped with the design, construction and refinement of logistics solutions.
In 2016, Keasu acquired DeMatek, and Keasu’s main business with DeMatekde involved a number of different industries and major clients with global distribution differences.
Groups can enrich the downstream demand area of companies while increasing their ability to deal with the risks of the economic cycle. For example, former DeMartek provides supply chain solutions mainly for intelligent logistics operations.
The hydrogen fuel cell converts hydrogen and oxygen to electrical energy with energy-efficient, environmentally friendly and energy-intensive properties.
Based on the international market value of trillion dollars, fuel-cell cars will account for 20-25% of the world’s vehicles. In 2022, our fuel-cell vehicle sales grew strongly, from 192 at the beginning of the year to 3,397 at the end of the year.
The share of fuel cell car sales in new energy vehicles has risen from 0.04% to 0.42%, and penetration rates are low and are expected to increase further in the future. Fuel-type heavy cards are facing an energy transition, and hydrogen heavy card applications are expected to accelerate.
The issue is carbon peaks, carbon neutrality, and the priority tasks for achieving the target. The annual report on mobile source environment management in China (2022), published by the Ministry of Eco-Environmental Environment, shows that the ratio of emissions of heavy-carat oxygen to particulate matter to total emissions of vehicles of all types is 76.1% and 51.5%, respectively.
The company has mastered the entire industrial chain layout of hydrogen fuel cells, and has been an autonomous innovation driver for research and development. Since 2016, the company has started to deploy hydrogen in the initial layout, and fuel cell technology combines the top firms in the field of fuel cells abroad, such as Ballard, Bosch, Syris and Swiss Speed Air Force.
Capability to successfully build a new energy power system integration advantage of “fuel cell plus power” as a whole. The former company’s hydrogen fuel cell power covers 50 kw-200kw, and the application of matching orders is steadily increasing, depending on the country’s only national fuel cell technology innovation centre, with a full area of area coverage for core technology autonomy and application.
Figure 33: Corporate fuel cell product matrix 5, profit predictions and investment proposals Total power, whole vehicle and key parts and components: total company power, whole vehicle and key parts owner
There are engines, gear tanks, bridges, hydraulics, whole cars, etc.. As the overdraft demand influences down, smart logistics: the company's offshore controlling subsidiary, Kaiju, is a leading global supplier in the field of internal logistics, helping factories, warehouses, and other countries and territories across the globe by designing, building and perfecting logistics solutions.
And distribution centres continue to optimize their material and information flows, and we expect that the year 2023-2025 will be a period of total corporate power generation, a long line of cars, a comprehensive industrial chain, a forward-looking hydrogen fuel industry chain that will facilitate a green transformation, a technological reserve that will be kept in order for the first time to be rated as “buy-in”.
The heavy-card industry has not recovered as expected, the price of raw materials has increased, and the company’s middle-cartel sales have not increased as expected.