Deep-farmer development, industrial integration, 10th of May 2023, Research Assistant Yang Wai-Bing.
Keywords: #Integration is driven by engine, heavy-carded whole-of-business chains covering and opening up multi-practice areas, strategic layouts, long-term, tactical determination, and highlighting core competitiveness. The company has now formed a heavy-card engine.
+Voice changers/bridges, as well as the whole industry chain made of re-carried cars, have been well configured and extended to areas such as intelligent terminal logistics + engineering/agricultural machinery, with long-term adherence to the future transformation of new energy sources.
Corporate engine/speed changer/recalculator whole-car manufacturing, as well as major collectors of Quai's smart logistics contributions, gross interest-rate centres stabilized at around 20 per cent, cost control was effective, sales/management rates declined, multi-operational layouts weakened cycles and profitability stabilized.
• Short-term point of view: high-card block cycle, which benefits the core of vehicles/engine, new operations such as Quehu/industrial machinery, and so on; 1) high-card block: the macro-economic upwards of the industry dimension is the driving weight, replacement country five, accelerated phase-out of the country four, and multi-factorization of the last round of car-buying groups.
Heavy card sales are expected to reach 89/121.13 million at the same rate as +31 per/+36 per cent/+9 per cent.
In the context of post-epidemic recovery, the KI terminal logistics is expected to return to warmer and more stable; based on the core technology of fuelwood engine plus hydraulics, woodwood masters the development of core walls in the field of engineering/agricultural machinery, and heavy Revo heavy labourers continue to expand their operations and open up new directions.
• Long-term perspective: hydrogen power combined with the acquisition of + self-research methods continued to be developed: fuelwood powered in a comprehensive manner, pure electrical, hybrid and fuel cell technology routes, hydrogen energy fields, and the promotion of the company’s new energy multi-operational layout through a strategic partnership with the New Energy Corporation. Force energy in Suzhou dedicated to hydrogen energy is nuclear.
"Chywood Dynamics (000338) " , "Cyber Dynamics: Heart Fuel Cells, Ballard Power Focus Upper Fuel Battery Fields " , Cyris, United Kingdom.
As an operational layout, the development of fully self-researched power-driven aggregates guarantees the autonomous control of core components. The benefits are more than three quarters higher than the benefits.
With a steady increase in profits and a steady increase in the long-term deployment of new energy sources, we believe that fuelwood power should receive a higher valuation premium, be covered for the first time, and be rated as “buy-in”.
The company has always adhered to a two-wheel-driven business strategy, focusing on R & D and production in the engine sector and constantly upgrading quality, technology and costs.
Three core competitivenesss, with the engine as the core business of the company, have successfully built a dynamic matrix (engine, gear box, bridge, hydraulic pressure), whole-of-cars, smart logistics, etc., with brands such as "Cracker Motivator", "Fust Speeder", "Hander Bridge", "Rock Gas Heavy Card" and "Lind Hydraulic Pressure".
2011-2016: Companies are working to expand industry chains across borders and to build a whole chain of heavy-carry gold. Because of the volatility of the heavy-car market and the demand for industrial development, companies have been actively promoting external expansion and a comprehensive layout of the gold industry chain.
At the same time, through a strategic restructuring and acquisition of the DeMartek company, the company created an intelligent logistics industry 2017-to-date: expanding high-end markets and simultaneously moving into new energy and intelligence fields. To date, the company has evolved into an industry with full chain coverage and multi-brand lines of business.
Figure 1: The company ' s industrial chain layout, in re-carriage manufacture, has opened up the market for heavy logistics trucks and, after an initial drop in the market switch, has led to a rapid increase in unit prices and profit rates for heavy gas, which is now close to the forefront of the industry.
In research and development for the production of transformers, Faust is committed to the development and production of transformers, building a full product matrix that includes the full block of the "Four Series" for heavy trucks, sedans and light truck transformers, and actively responding to the country's six emission standards, digging deep into overseas markets and after-sales markets, gradually consolidating industry leadership.
In hydraulic development, Lindh Hydraulics has the world’s leading high-end hydraulic technology, which is now being quantified domestically by adjusting product positioning and marketing strategies, opening up the domestic market, and is now producing the most technology-intensive product in the country. In the car bridge market, the Xianxi Hand Bridge Ltd. is the company with the highest technology content in the country’s car bridge sector.
The product covers a variety of medium- and heavy-duty truck bridges, non-road bridges, bus bridges, trailer bearing axes, etc. and has been in the business. In logistics transport, the Keaty Group is the second largest manufacturer of forklifts worldwide and the leading interstate manufacturer in the Chinese forklift market.
Integrating capabilities and extensive industry experience provide clients with “one-stop” logistics system solutions and well-developed after-sales services. With the help of a collaborative development between Kaiju and Dematek, companies have developed a single smart logistics system for forklifts plus warehousing logistics solutions.
The State Finance Committee of Shandong Province, which is the company's actual controller, indirectly holds 16.3 per cent of the stake in the fuelwood power through the Xiaoqing Consort: another major shareholder of the company is the Tanya City Investment Group Limited.
Revenue from business accounts for 35.23 per cent of total revenue; smart logistics accounts for 45.05 per cent of total revenue. The offshore controlling subsidiary Kai-Ho (46.52 per cent shareholding) is the leading global supplier in the field of internal logistics, with excellent business indicators; heavy gas (51 per cent shareholding) is the lead in the country ' s re-carried enterprise, with Faust (51 per cent shareholding)
Corporate profitability is relatively stable, with sustained growth in mitigation efficiency, and is expected to improve further in the future. In recent years, the company’s Māori ratio has remained at around 20%, while net interest rates have remained at around 5%, and overall performance has been more stable.
After 2015, companies continued to reduce efficiency gains, sales/management costs generally showed a downward trend, R&D costs tended to increase steadily, and R&D inputs continued to be high and technology leaders guaranteed.
Deep-farming card up-and-down master industry, benefiting fully from the up-to-date dividends in the heavy-card industry The focus engine industry of Quichayma is expected to benefit fully from the recovery of domestic heavy-card sales and the rising share of its own domestic engine market, contributing to the growth of the main force of performance growth over the years, and around heavy-card engines/rollers/cars
The core components, such as bridges, expand downwards the area of re-carriage, integrate vertically the entire industrial chain, and build high walls. 2.1. Heavy card industries: sales are expected to recover on a sustained basis from 2023. Annual sales of heavy cards =  logistics/engineering heavy card holdings - annual end-of-life ratio* (annual scrap/current holdings).
The year-round sales of heavy cards change over time, with multiple impact factors in parallel. The nature of the change in the sales cycle is a combination of short-term, new-cycle, country-substitute cycles, and countercyclical policies are important externalities.
The core drivers of sustained growth in sales: sustained economic growth, positive trends in consumption, manufacturing/real estate, exports, etc. Major factors contributing to the decline in sales: rapid growth in the second half of the cycle, overdrafting of sales, tightening of government liquidity, low short- and long-term effects of different factors in the economy, and moving up the centre of heavy-card sales.
Long-term factors: aggregate transport needs determined by the level of economic development (consumption + investment + exports after gdp split), covering logistics and engineering needs: 2) short-term factors: policy overrules, changes in rickshaw capacity. Major factors determining changes in sales over a recard cycle: 1) impact of expected vehicle owner earnings due to economic development; 2) emission targets
In the medium-to-long term, the end-of-life rate after 2010 is due to factors such as the life expectancy of heavy cards, the current economic environment, and the rigid transition of emission standards.
Year after year, for example, the end-of-life rate has increased slightly against a background of good economic conditions and sufficient consumer confidence. Moreover, the emission criteria are negative and the end-of-life is an anomaly, and therefore the value is excluded.
We expect that in 2023-2025, when the economy recovers well, there will be a marked improvement in domestic demand for six replacement countries, five, accelerated phase-out in four countries and the continued growth of the car-buying group + export sector in 2016-2018. Four factors will add up, with a steady recovery in the volume of card sales expected to reach 85/157 million vehicles per year + 27 per cent/+48 per cent/+24 per cent, respectively.
Driver one: deregulation, economic recovery, and increased demand for logistics freight. Consumption has been affected by the epidemic since 2020, and liberalization of the epidemic’s containment policy is expected to give a new boost to consumption. Road traffic and consumer confidence indicators remain high by 2020, with consumption falling significantly to historical lows and road cargo since 2020 as a result of the epidemic.
In December 2022, the Government issued the Strategic Framework for the Expansion of Domestic Demand (2022-2035), the main objective of which was to promote investment in consumption and bring about a new breakthrough in the size of domestic demand. In response to rising consumption trends, increasing traditional consumption, fostering new consumption, and expanding consumption.
In the context of policy support, a recovery in consumption is expected to lead to a greater increase in the demand for heavy-carriage road freight. Driver two: new emission standards up-line + normal replacement leads to replacement demand.
The replacement country has been on line since 2023, with more stringent standards leading to new and old car-type switching needs. On the five-base country, the six countries have further requirements for tail gas emission limits + prices + end-of-life time limits, and the six-year transition period is equivalent to the five-year/country six, and the 2023h2-country sixb has been officially introduced to accelerate the phase-out of the remaining small parts of the country, as well as the four-car fleet.
In addition, large quantities of heavy cards purchased centrally in 2016/2017 are entering the replacement cycle, further facilitating the replacement. Driver three: domestic heavy-card exports continue to erupt.
The export of heavy-cards is expected to continue to rise in the emerging national markets of South America, South-East Asia and Africa, with a steady increase in market share in the deep-farming main engine sector, as well as improved export markets, overseas channels/workshops/post-sale systems, etc.
The company has an open mind, integrates global resources, provides technology leadership to society, greens the environment; works as a whole, as a power provider. The company has a variety of engine types, including passenger vehicles, trucks, engineering machinery, power generation, and agricultural equipment engines. Its engines can reach the country.
Standard, rows ranging from 2.3l to 87.5l, with power covering 2kw to 8700kw. Table 2: Table of wood engine type Engine type
The country’s bus products ranged from 2.3l to 10l, with power coverage (88~294) kw, torque coverage (320–1900) with a steady increase in the share of passenger motors and a steady increase in the industry’s position.
In bits, the engine value is about 20-30% of the total truck value. The company’s engine output is increasing year by year, with one million engine exits as of 2021, 573,000 engine exits in 2022, a 43.8% decline in the same year, and thousands, 35.6% of the total engine output, the company’s market share fluctuates with the industry, and the bulk of it is driven by buses.
In the course of the year, one gas-free self-supply engine accounted for more than 60 per cent of the total, mainly cascading, with 33.83 per cent; in China, about 66 per cent of the motors were supplied by the internal system and 29.94 per cent of the fuel-fired engines were supplied by the system; in East Wind, 80 per cent of the engine was supplied by wood and 10.26 per cent of the car was supplied by the system; and in East Wind, nearly 20 per cent of the engines were supplied by the system.
About 40% are supplied by Comminth, which accounts for about 9% of the wood; Fukuda's engine is supplied mainly by Conmins, who has a clear advantage in running the woodwork, and is the leading manufacturer of power equipment in the United States. Comminth is the world's leading manufacturer of power equipment, with distribution agencies and over 5,000 distributors providing services to customers. In recent years, Conminth's engine has had steady output.
More than 500,000 units per year, 76,228 million won in engine operations in 2022, with an average unit cost of 120,000 yuan;
In 2020-2022, the R & D rate increased from 4.09% to 11.23%, the R & D rate increased from 4.54% to 4.55%, and the R & D cost increased in 2022.
The rate is significantly higher than the Cummings R&D rate in the United States, and there is a continuing trend of growth. 2.3. Vertical expansion: heavy-gas products are rich in structure and market share is in the first echelon.
51% shareholding, followed by the acquisition of the torch by the wood power, makes the gas a fuel-power subsidiary. Product dimensions, which cover 20 cars, such as vans, tractors, dumpers, blenders, etc., a total of 5381 vehicles (including new energy vehicles) are selling their models.
In terms of market patterns, the current competitive pattern in the domestic heavy-card market is generally stable, with the top five firms holding a long-term market share.
Stable at more than 80%. In the past, the stock of the three cities with one gas, east wind, and heavy gas remained at around 20%, with the top of the list, while the overall industrial chain, which was driven by fuelwood, rose steadily to 12%, with heavy card sales ranked fourth in the country.
Financial perspective: From 2012 to 2022, heavy gas revenue grew steadily, from 2020 to 2021 to 2022, and from 2020 to 2021 to 2022, the volume of heavy gas business income was higher than China ' s, from 2021, from 2021 to 2021, from which it fell slightly lower than China ' s heavy gas, and from 2022 to 2022 to 2022, from 2022 to 2022, from which Pacca was far ahead.
China’s heavy gas/Paka is slightly more profitable than China’s heavy gas, and will be further refined as the company further strengthens its management, raising profits by comparison with net interest rates for heavy gas, China’s heavy gas, and Pacca.
Figure 25: Comparison of rheumatism, China ' s heavy gas and Pacca ' s revenues/Billions of yuan 2.4. Horizontal expansion: Shaan Si Faste, Hand Bridge Rendering Hard Card Core Parts. Hardcard Core Parts include engines, transformers, and bridges.
Production and sale, with the company ' s transmission platform, the company ' s subsidiary, Shaan Sifast, and the company ' s bridge platform, the company ' s car bridge, the company ' s subsidiary, Shaan Sihand.
Fascist is the main product, with a variety of transformer products, and a steady increase in output. One of the three major pieces of modern-day cars is the core of the whole car drive system. The company’s subsidiary, Shaft, is dominated by commercial car transformers, which are widely applied to heavy vehicles, buses, medium- and light trucks, engineering vehicles, mining vehicles and low-speed trucks.
• Key and core technologies for new energy products, such as at, amt, s-moderator, liquid sloweners, wheel-side slowners, hybrid power and pure electric motor drive systems, have reached international leadership levels and provide a source of continuous upgrading and replacement of commercial vehicles
As the company ' s transmission platform, in 2022, San Sifast sold 590,000 transformers, a decline of 48.81 per cent from 2021 to 2021, mainly due to the industry ' s downside factors; the export of 25,000 transformers increased by 54.2 per cent from the same year to 72.4 per cent by 2021, maintaining a leading industry position.
Camp Fausto has a flat average price following the industry ' s sales cycle. Shaan Sifast has now formed an annual production capacity of 1 million car transformers, and since 2012, commercial car converters have been at an average cost of 17.4 million yuan in 2022, up from 18.9 per cent in 2021, with the exception of industry downside factors in 2015/1916.
Figure 30: Average unit cost per 10,000 yuan per single machine per year in recent years. Figure 31: Change in revenue per million yuan per calendar year in Shaan-Sift. 2.4.2. Core technology for the construction of a heavy card in the double cycle pattern of the Hand Bridge is autonomously controlled
The car bridge (also known as the axle) is connected to the car rack (or carrying body) at both ends of the bridge. The bridge is designed to absorb the load of the car and maintain the vehicle's normal course on the road.
The West Automobile General Motors Bridge branch. The Hand Bridge builds a two-cycle pattern to create high-end products from a global perspective. It covers truck bridges, passenger bridges, engineering and mechanical bridges, new energy bridges, agro-machine bridges, five series: domestic sales and international exports for the fifth consecutive year are among the top in the industry. In 2021, the share of the company ' s car bridge market was as high as 44.34 per cent.
Cross-industry expansion of the QC downstream application, weakening the impact of the heavy card industry cycle 3.1. Acquisition of Quehu + De Matek, advance in intelligence logistics.
Up to 45%, the holding position was further strengthened; in 2016, Keisu acquired 100% of DeMartek's shares. The Keisu Group, the world's second-largest forklift manufacturer, provided a comprehensive intellectual supply chain and automated solution, which together developed an integrated smart logistics system for for forklifts plus warehousing logistics solutions.
The system is mainly used for supermarkets, electricians, cold chains, storage, and is closely related to consumption: the cooperative clients of DeMartek are ibm, Amazon, Google, Wal-Mart, Nestlé, Unilever, Bounty, etc.
Forklift, front mover, warehouse forklift.
Auto-guiding cars have been growing steadily, and business indicators have been stable. After the completion of the 2012 acquisitions, Kai-au’s business has continued to improve, with a net return on the mother’s profit, a short-term increase in the Māori sales rate, a negative shift in net interest rates and increased profitability.
The steady decline in the cost rate during the periods of pride, with significant drops, is expected to lead to further optimization of the fuelwood power structure, weakening the impact of the heavy-card industry cycle, and guaranteeing a robust overall profitability of the company. Since 2023, with the global epidemic under control, end-consuming logistics have been recovering, and the KISAT operation has been gradually recovering.
It is expected that there will be further global activity and steady growth in revenue/profits. “Engineers + Hydraulics” Core Technical Support Mechanics Business Development Corporation has a full series of engineering motors, ranging from 2.3l to 17l, with power ranges covering 36.8 -
566kw. Appliance applied in a variety of areas, such as loaders, excavators, bulldozers, forklifts, cranes, etc. Technical end companies have mastered core hydraulic techniques. In 2012, wood power acquired 70% of Lindh Hydraulics, now owns 90% of Lindh Hydraulics, masters the world ' s leading high-end hydraulic techniques, mainly loaders, forklifts, bulldozers, etc.
Engineering machinery and agricultural machinery. “Engine + hydraulic” optimizes matching, creating hydraulic power to provide companies with the core competitiveness to open up the engineering and machinery market. 3.3. Revo Heavy Industries expand the agricultural machinery field and move in a new direction.
At the end of August this year, Chai Chai Chai Chai went to the market to help expand access to finance and create a global market.
At the end of the product: 76,000 agricultural machines were sold in Xairevo in the first half of 2022, an increase of 28 per cent over the same period. 240 horsepower cvt tractors were delivered in bulk to clients; basic functionality development of the Smart Farm Management Platform 2.0 has been completed and will be implemented in the future.
A gradual move toward the intellectualization of agricultural equipment. At the technological level: through core technologies such as motors, electrical controls, cvt, etc., strong technical support is provided for the intellectualization, dehumanization and creation of intelligent farms in the agricultural equipment of Quezarevo.
Figure 40: Product layout in agro-machinery. New energy is a long-term development, mixed/pure power/hydrogen multi-operational layout 4.1. Acquisition of specialized new energy companies and promotion of multi-operational layouts
In 2016, wood power acquired energy in Forsaï, Suzhou, with a share of 33.5 per cent, and strategic investment in the Ba Rad power system and Siris, 2018, to promote the company’s new energy multi-operational layout through strategic collaboration with the New Energy Corporation.
Integrated equipment, a vehicle power and energy solution provider with “hydrogen energy efficiency” at the core of its operations, business cover, three main areas of hydrogen fuel cell, distributed energy and product terminal cloud management value-added services, have now formed a vehicle development platform for two products: fuel cell and fixed power systems, fuel cell modules, vehicle fuel cell motors, etc.
The three product lines of fixed fuel cell power are widely used in a variety of areas, such as passenger vehicles, passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles, commercial light/heavy trucks, special vehicles, sightseeing vehicles, and communications power sources. The Balad power system is focused on promoting the development of protons (pems) for fuel cells with platinum as a catalyst.
The company is committed to putting fuel cell technology into practice, and its fuel cells have been widely used for heavy vehicles, transport management forklifts, backup power sources, drones, and ships and railways. In 2019, the company was megawatts. As of September 2021, Ballard's powered vehicles were more than 100 million kilometres long, and only one mile long.
A fuel cell reactor has been operating for over 35,000 hours and companies have been consistently providing fuel cell power in a sustainable manner.
4.2. Development of “electrics + electrical controls” to deepen the new energy component industry to cover the three main technological routes of total lumber powering, mixing and fuel cells. In the first half of 2021, all three technical routes achieved substantial breakthroughs. As of the first half of 2022, the company continued to promote the full-scale production of new energy sources.
Landing, dedicated to doing a major power-intensive "electric plus control" operation. Full autonomous layout of power-driven products has been achieved: development of the first high-power metal reactor: and completion of the 200kw engine function of helium fuel cell: joint development of the first 150kw-grade hydrogen fuel cell in the country, the “3-high” environmental simulation station.
On the basis of the following core assumptions, we predict profits for 2023-2025: pyre 16/13/10 times. Three heavy cards were selected as comparable companies, with an average value of 19/11/9 times. Given the volatility of the hedge cycle of the whole chain of operations, such as the fuelwood chain, and the steady rise in profits and long-term innovation.
We believe that the energy sector should enjoy a higher valuation premium, covering for the first time, and that the "buying of heavy cards" sector will not recover as expected. The company’s business will be in the heavy card sector, and if the heavy card sector does not recover as expected, the public sector’s performance will not improve well.
Prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly. If prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly, they will affect the profitability of companies.