The Great Wall's car has suffered, and expects that the upgrade of the Wey brand will bring about a turn-over in the company's three-quarter report of 2017: 63.43 billion dollars in gross operating revenue in the first three quarters of the year.
There has been an increase in competition between preferential policies and car markets, and firm pressure has increased significantly since this year, with a significant decline in the profitability of bicycles, despite a slight increase in sales through official drops and promotions. Wey brands are still in the early stages of construction, with significant investment in company R&D and brand promotion costs, and high prices for raw materials.
The company faces a significant decline in profits due to a general squeeze in revenues, costs, and rates. The acquisition tax concession will be withdrawn next year, the car market will be pre-purchased in four quarters, and the company’s share of new items will rise as the stock of older products is digested, with three quarters expected to be the bottom of the company’s profits and four quarters expected to pick up.
Car-market competition has increased, we have limited short-term profit support from the Wey brand, we have lowered the company's profit forecast, we have underperformed the three quarters, and the Māori rate has fallen further. Three quarters of the city's weak recovery, corporate de-escalation and end-marketing premiums, and a drop in the sale of some of the models have resulted in a split share of single cars.
This increase has led to a further decline in the Māori rate to 15.6%, a decline of 8.0 and 0.7 percentage points, respectively, compared to the ring. Wey brands, as an important strategy for the upgrading of corporate products, continue to raise the cost of brand promotion, such as advertising, and raise the cost of after-sale services, as a result of higher product sales, for three quarters.
Vv7 went up well, vv5s went on the market, looking forward to a new growth space for Wey's brand. Vv7 went up well, terminal orders went up hot, 7,444 were sold in September, and monthly sales are expected to break through 10,000. The super-hungry, flagship Vv5s were officially listed at the end of August, with 4,569 vehicles sold first month, and later on.
The city’s w5 will further lower the price threshold, with a full series of w5 vehicles expected to have 10,000 stable monthly sales in the future. There are currently only about 70 of the Wey brand independent stores, which will become more intensive in recent months, and 100 to 150 at the end of 2017, contributing to a rise in sales.
Working with BMW is expected to enhance corporate brand value. The company’s recent announcement with BMW about Mini branded cars is exploring the feasibility of purely electric and traditional motor vehicles, and it is expected that companies will be able to work with Mini on behalf of the production of pure electric models. The company’s advantage is mainly in manufacturing costs.
With product control, BMW is strong in technology and branding, and talks with the global luxury brand BMW are indicative of the international firm’s recognition of corporate capabilities and products. Successful collaboration will help to upgrade the company’s technological capabilities and brand value.
1) Increased competition in the car market, lower sales and lower profitability; 2) lower than expected sales of new vehicles. Given the increased competition in the car market and the limited short-term profit support of the Wey brand, we downgraded the company's Great Wall Car: a sharp fall in medium-term performance and a brand breakthrough.
Still in time. 2017.7.24 Qualified as a securities investment consulting business