The power of the engineering machine is on the rise, and the power of the curve is going up to the top of the world on the 14th of August, 2024.
The company has given high priority to the development of electrodynamic engineering, which began research in the field of electrodynamics in 2018, and the creation of the Department of Electrodynamics in 2021, covering batteries, electric power, electrical control, electronics, control algorithms, heat algorithms, etc.
In one area, full-scale propulsion of the electrical evolution of products such as engineering vehicles, excavators, loaders, cranes, etc. The company has established a rich electrical product line, a complete product spectra, covering a number of major engineering units, such as earthstone machines, concrete machines, cranes, and self-loading vehicles.
At the end of the year, the company was awarded 972 electric patents, leading the entire industry. The company, using the core, the power drive, the bridge technology, the vcu assembly platform, the charging station, the fuel cell system and the control technology as a core, built around high voltage, efficiency, integration, and focused on breaking through the integrated power drive bridge, the skateboard chassis, electricity.
The Vcu central control platform is a semi-distributed transmission structure, and the power-driven bridge is a key technology for electrodynamic 2.0 (wielding and re-routing systems), while most of the other electric participants in the market remain in electrodynamic 1.0 (power systems).
The electrical technology layout of the three-in-one process is very forward-looking for the entire engineering and mechanical industry.  The insistence on product power is based on the rejection of low-price strategies, and the competitiveness of the product market is evident.
Logical, based on the essence of the product, the electrodynamically enabled excavator product. So far, three or one electric excavator is being dug.
Europe has made a new breakthrough, with globalization, electric aids, costs, intellectuals, and a significant increase in the comfort of manipulation. In addition to electric excavations, companies have a wide range of electricizations, engineering and engineering leading the market, company electric cranes, new energy heavy cards, new ones in September 2022.
Energy tractors and electric blenders are among the first to market. Powerful product power is a long-term guide to the logic of company competition, and the market has proven the effectiveness of the company’s product strategy.
Differential product plus sound channel development to open the global market with the promise of a powered-for-transit supercar worldwide: performance meets expectations, leads. The company's excavator product is basically the same basis as that of a flagship product like Carter, in the first quarter of 2024.
In terms of internationalization, profit recovery, increased investment in energy costs, levels of intelligence, and manoeuvring comforts were evident. The global market share of the trio was about 4.2% in 2023, with the global leader, Caterpillar,
There is still a big gap between Matsuma and others (16.8%, 10.4%). Carter and Matsuma build a solid engineering empire based on 100-year-old economics and globalization strategies, with absolute power of dialogue in the field of fuel engineering and machinery.
A global “over-the-road” on the electric wave.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the domestic engineering and machinery industry’s renewal cycle is approaching, globalization, electricization, intelligent re-engineering, and a firm view of the company’s long-term growth.
The Department ' s net profit return forecast for 2024-2026 is 63/851.3 million yuan, and the market value is now pe 1. The main electric motorization of domestic engineering machinery, benefiting from the long slopes of the motorization road, which has been the first to invest in electrodynamic engineering technology development since 2021, creating parallel electricization in each of the product industries.
Ministry of Industry, Research and Development, covering battery, power, power, electrical, control algorithms, thermal algorithms, etc. Subsidiarily, the Tri-One Machine, as the Tri-One Engineering Core Department, collects geotechnical machinery such as excavators, swirling drills, loading machines, and develops, manufactures, sells and sells as one. By December 2023, there were over 5,000 R & D personnel, ranging from hardware to soft.
The project fully supports tri-digitalization, intelligence, electrodynamicization, internationalization, development of 79 electrical products, listing 67 items, development of 11 electro-digging products, listing 7 items.
10 on the market, over 130 on the market, covering excavators, cranes, blending.
The U.S. and U.S. region marketed 35 items, cars, dumps, surface machinery circ}
The development of 34 electrical products, 20 listed items, including 4 pure electric mixers, and a full matrix of company electrodynamic products will further improve the stubble layout in the future.
Electrical product lines have covered a wide range of products, such as earthstone machines, concrete machines, cranes, and self-loading vehicles. By June 2024, the company had achieved almost 1.9 tons of micro-digging, 21.5 tons of medium-digging, and expected to complete the product lines and cover 2 to 300 tons of all main excavators over the next three years.
By the end of 2023, the company had accumulated 972 electric patents, leading the entire market. The electrodynamic engineering technology, headed by an electric excavator, was concentrated on pure electrodigging technology such as transmission, walking systems and full-power operation.
Nearly half of them are concentrated on the above-mentioned plates, while others focus their patents on electric excavations on the more primary stages of power, such as towing, mixing, switching, etc. Figure 4: A significant proportion of corporate patents related to electric excavators are concentrated in the areas of transmission, walking systems, full-power operation, etc.
3x1 An electric excavator radiator system, method and electrical excavation Control methods, devices, operational machinery and electronic equipment for the excavator-assisted pipe
Diggers and their tracked drift control systems, methods, devices and electronic equipment Electro-control excavators reverse hand-to-hand, systems, electronic equipment and storage media - estimation of the remaining mileage of electro-diggers
Electrical excavator cn 114086625a Electronic fence system for excavators, control methods and electronic equipment
Electrical fluid ratio control system and excavator cn 112431241a - control method for power outages while the excavator is out
Hydrogen power control methods, devices, excavators and readable storage media - control methods and control systems for power outages while the excavator is out of fire; thermal management systems; and electric hydraulic excavators
(b) Electrical control methods, controllers and electric excavators for electric excavators;
Security control methods, devices, systems and excavators for full-power control excavators Hydraulic control systems and excavators Electric hydraulic excavators
An electric fluid mixer, an excavator, an electric fluid mixer, an excavator, a wheeled excavator to the control system and the control method.
An electric excavator's power system, an excavator engine coupling control device and method, a box anti-dump device, methods and electric excavator.
An electrical control system for an electric excavator, an automated discharge control system, a control method and a towed excavator, a method and system for remote installation of an excavator engine.
Protection methods and installations of wire-laying cables of a tractor power supply system, control methods and towed excavators Electronic excavators power supply module control methods, systems and electric excavators
A power-digger system and its control methods, a robotic flow-matching system and control methods, an integrated control system for electric excavators and an electrical excavator system.
An electrical slider and re-route connection structure and excavator, a pure electric excavator and its control method, an electrical fluid control system for a railway excavator.
The company has achieved several technological breakthroughs in the area of pure electric excavations, technology layouts and electrical 2.0. In the area of electrodynamics, the company focuses on core technologies such as core power-drive bridges, power-drive bridge technologies, vcu assembly platforms, charging stations, fuel cell systems and control technologies.
Motion can be divided into “three steps”: electric 1.0 for power system electricization; electric 2.0 for moving back; electrodynamic and semi-distributive transfer structures; electrodynamic 3.0 for implementing agency electrodynamic and distributed transfer structures, while vcu is the integrated control centre of the distributed/semi-distributed structure, and electric drive bridges are at the core of moving/reverse system electricization.
For example, a more mechanical electric excavator, most of which is currently in the field of electric excavations, remains at the 1.0 stage of electricization, while the company has been the absolute leader in the field of electricization since 2021.
Figure 6: The company ' s electrodynamic layout has entered the 2.0 phase of electrodynamicization tobewhitelake
Autodynamicization of the walking/back-to-back system
The Department rejects the logic of low-price competition, and, from the very essence of the product, the electro-dynamically enabled excavator product, which is directed primarily at well-developed, environmentally driven high-end market customers in developed countries. The price of digging in the trio is now slightly higher than the price of the card.
Special ton oil digs, with energy costs, intelligent levels, manipulation comforts and the company now becoming a domestic engine powered leader, are expected to take the lead worldwide in building electric branding advantages and opening up high-end markets with electrodynamicization.
In 2023, electricity products generated 2.7 billion yuan and 3.150 billion yuan, compared to 200 per cent/+16.7 per cent, with more than thirty-one electric motors, 596 cards sold, with 32 per cent in the city and the first in the country; 269 new energy tractors sold, 26 per cent in the city and the second 103 in the country; 85 electric blenders sold, with 70 per cent in the city.
A pre-sale order was signed for the first time to open the sea for medium-sized electric excavators, an important mileage for marketing the products of electric excavators. The company's overseas markets performed well, and there is still much room for improvement in the global market.
The world’s leading electric layout is expected to be a “re-trading car.” Domestic engineering machinery as a whole is too late to start, globally. Carter, Matsuma, built a solid engineering empire based on 100 years of business and globalization.
In the field of oil engineering and mechanics, there is no dialogue, but in the field of electrodynamics, despite the fact that major leading companies around the globe are in place, the progress of electrodynamics has been slow due to market demand and the failure of lithium precipitation to be properly addressed. Three-in-one workers have always followed a product strategy and are well positioned and well-placed in the field of electrodynamics, and have benefited from the decline in the chain of the national lithium electricity industry.
A significant amount of electricity infrastructure has improved and has become a global leader in electric engineering and machinery. In the future, three-fold workers are expected to take advantage of a wave of electricization to achieve a global “retract.” 2. Profit predictions and investment ratings
The domestic engineering and machinery industry is moving towards a renewal cycle, with globalization, electricization, and intelligent re-engineering strategies that are determined to ensure long-term corporate growth. We maintain the company’s forecast of net profit returns for 2024-2026 at US$63/851.13 billion, 1. Domestic macroeconomic fluctuations: engineering and machinery are cyclical, “large-scale equipment upgrades plus industry itself”
The new "dual-cycle resonance" may fall short of expectations, exposing firms to downstream demand risks.2 Competition patterns in the industry are exacerbated: the start-up phase of electric engineering machinery, the entry of small and medium-sized mainframes into the industry’s competitive competition authority, and price pressure has reduced overall profit margins.
3. International trade disputes: Current firms rely on product-based expansion and electricization for their share of the market, which has been blocked or is not as fast as is expected to have a negative impact on the company’s financial position.4 The breakthrough in electrodynamic technology is less than expected: the penetration of electric engineering machinery requires continuous breakthroughs in the country’s three electricity technologies.
Technological upgrades are blocked and will slow down the process of electricizing engineering machinery. Three major financial forecasting tables for three heavy workers, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.