The leading engineering and machinery market opened up four major advantages in the development of the space-based engineering and engineering industry, with a wealth of products, which was established in 1989 in Hunan-Yuan, the deep-farming industry for many years, and progressed from a “small city factory”
Grows to be a leading enterprise in the field of engineering and machinery in the country. The company’s products are rich and consist mainly of concrete, which lasts almost 12 months at the highest/lowest (in dollars) machine, excavator machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, road machinery, etc., and are highly recognized on the whole market.
But, according to the 2023 report, corporate concrete equipment became the world’s first brand, leading products such as excavators, large tons of cranes, swirling rigs, road-surface sets, etc. China’s first brand.
The engineering and machinery industry has been in the downward cycle since 2021. The combined macro-level trends in infrastructure, real estate, and equipment upgrading and environmental reductions in the industry suggest that the engineering and machinery industry is expected to recover steadily in 2024. Specifically:
In terms of domestic demand, data on the in-house demand of excavators continue to grow. In March-July 2024, the prices of companies in domestic excavators increased at a positive rate compared to the 300-deep trend and began to show an accelerated improvement in April.
On the external side, there is a greater scope for overseas markets from the demand side, which is the main engine of growth for the development of domestic industries. On the supply side, domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers have accelerated their overseas deployment in recent years, actively promoting internationalization strategies, and the ratio of overseas receipts has increased significantly.
Since June 2023, the monthly export data of excavators have declined. But domestic engineering machinery has been internationalized for many years, with top firms receiving and ordering more rapidly abroad, sustaining their share of the overseas market through product advantage.
• From home to global markets, four main advantages build strong competitiveness. Companies have developed for many years, moving from domestic to overseas markets, competing directly with firms such as the international manufacturer, Caterpillar. In the future, there is still much room for companies to grow:
1. The advantages of the core products are clear, but there is still much room for energy. Excavator markets are the highest in the country, but there is still room for growth in terms of the size of Carterpile; concrete machinery, with a strong industry and a stable world brand; and heavy machinery, with the company ' s overseas market growing, achieved in 2023.
Thirteen billion yuan worth of sales, of which overseas market exports remained the largest in the industry, increasing by more than 50%. 2. Electricization boosts product power. The company set up its electric development strategy in 2018.
3. The overseas distribution of companies has accelerated. Over the years, corporate overseas markets were deployed, with companies abroad taking over countries and regions in 2018-2023, and Europe and the United States have become the fastest growing region overseas.
We see the continued growth of three-pronged workers and products in both domestic and overseas markets, and expect companies to do so.
1) Domestic sector demand is not as high as expected; 2) overseas markets are not expanding as expected; 3) receivables recovery risks; 4) industry competition is increasing.
The company was founded in Hunan-Yuan in 1989 and has since been working on research and development of engineering and machinery products, and has gradually grown from a “small city factory” to a domestic workforce.
The company’s strategic development can be divided into three phases: a period of continuous development of innovation (1989-2003): the company’s emphasis on technological innovation at the beginning of its existence. The country’s first large-emission concrete transport pump was developed in 1994, followed by autonomous research on a 37-metre long-arm pump.
Three full hydraulic flats and horizontal orientation drills. Three heavy jobs in 2008 created a world record of concrete pumps, and in 2003 they were marketed successfully at a share.
In parallel with the hang-off market, there has been an active expansion of overseas operations, with the export of equipment to Morocco in 2002, the construction of a plant in India in 2006, a foothold in Brazil in 2010, the acquisition of a German company in 2012 and the contracting of a joint venture with Austria, Parfig, which has accelerated the process of expansion of the three largest industries.
3) The Smart Digital Transition (2015-present): Successfully selected in 2015 for the pilot list of “China manufactures 2025” and “Internet+” operations, established in 2016 a “root cloud”, combined with machines, data, streams, people, etc., and then built in 2019 the first 5g remote-control excavator, which resulted in 2021
In 2023, smart drivers, smart jobs, and smart services made new breakthroughs, in which the crane “Intelligent Operations” project was evaluated as the “Ten Fine Data Cases” of the National Department of Industry and Communications,” while digital development provided a new opportunity for three-timers to develop.
Figure 1 III I Work history 1.2 Stable equity structure with management having a multi-year industrial background and 56.74 per cent ownership of Tri-One Group Limited, thus indirectly controlling the Tri-One Industry Unit
At the same time, the company also has a more stable stock structure for a variety of types of shareholders, including Hong Kong Central Bank Ltd., China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd.
Special equipment design manufacturing and home interior decorations; Trinity vehicles dedicated to the manufacture and sale of vehicle spare parts, engineering and machinery design and the removal, recovery and sale of used and end-of-life machinery; and Trinity International, dedicated to overseas operations.
Management has a lot of engineering and technical experience. Mr. Wenbo is the current president of the company, the secretary of the tri-group party committee, the rotating chairman, the technical and managerial experience.
A unique and profound understanding that will help companies to develop in the future, maintaining a competitive edge and leading position.
The company’s product series covers a variety of engineering and mechanical equipment, and its products include, inter alia, concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, stump machinery, surface machinery. According to the company’s 2023 report, concrete equipment became the world’s first brand, leading products such as excavators, large-ton cranes, swing rigs, road-surface sets, etc.
The company’s business collections are highly influenced by the industry’s cycle. Digging machines and concrete machines are the company’s two major equipment series, the self-dismantling series, and other business lines, which are higher than in 2023, amounting to 18.23 per cent.
From the point of view of the Māori rate, the excavator and pillar machinery categories are influenced by industry cycles and competition in the industry, with Māori rates showing some volatility. Most of the years have been stable at over 30%, but in recent years they have continued to improve their profitability by falling domestic weeks, while overseas markets have continued to expand.
In recent years, as a result of the downside cycles of domestic industries, corporate income and net parent profits have generally declined. But they have benefited from a recovery in domestic macroeconomic volatility, the restructuring of overseas markets, and the sale of a number of intellectual products.
The sustained increase in overseas and multi-intelligence layouts, combined with the impact of the forward-scale effects, has resulted in a small increase in the cost of company sales and management after 2021, on the one hand because of the expansion of company operations in overseas markets and the intellectualization of the number of products, and, on the other hand, because of the shrinking volume of corporate collections as a result of industry cycles.
According to the company's annual report, in 2023, the number of patent applications reached 1533 and the number of products, including sw305k5 loaders and unmanned loaders, was completed, while autonomous R&D management systems such as rpm, rd, and RDPM were developed.
In recent years, it has been more than 5.5 billion, and in 2023, the company spent $5.86 billion on R & D, mainly for new products, new technologies, low-carbonization, digital intelligence, and globalized products. In terms of R & D costs, the company’s international competitiveness has continued to increase, and the share of overseas revenues has increased its overall profitability.
At the profit margin level, influenced by epidemiological factors, cyclical factors and declining demand, Māori rates at home and abroad in 2019-15 have been seen in recent years.
The excavator is an important equipment category in the engineering and machinery industry, reviewing the engineering and machinery industry cycle from the sales of excavators, making it clear that 1) the first cycle of the upper cycle (2009.06-2011.04): financial crisis in 2008
After that, the domestic economy fluctuated considerably. Thanks to the $4 trillion investment and the implementation of the country's second standard, the engineering industry was launched in June 2009 and the sales of domestic excavators continued to grow at a positive rate for the same period of 23 months. (2) The second round of up-weeks went down in the mechanical industry, while in 2016, as the year of the 13th Five-Fiveth, intelligent manufacturing accelerated and was subject to internal and external growth.
The engineering and machinery industry has returned to a high rate of growth since May 2021. However, according to the April-July 2024 data, the sales of excavators have increased at the same rate, and the industry is now expected to be at the bottom of the cycle.
Chart 16 shows a year-on-month increase in the sales of Chinese excavators to better explore the cycle of engineering machinery, and we will now be able to do the same in-house sales of domestic excavators in March-July 2024 in two areas, starting in April with an acceleration in the pace of improvement.
December 2023 was the first year since 2023 that domestic sales were on par, but the reason for that was better because the spring season affected the same period. According to previous years, March was usually the year-long business month for excavators, so that in March 2024 the domestic excavator was more significant than the data. And, after March 2024, the excavations were more significant than the data.
In summary, we believe that in 2024 there is still hope for a steady or even a likely recovery in the internal demand for engineering machinery.
1) The housing chain has recovered steadily: the construction of new commodity houses is not promising, but the construction of the “three major projects” is expected to boost engineering and mechanical equipment. A large part of the history of the engineering and machinery industry has benefited from the rise of the domestic real estate sector.
According to the report, in 2023, the national investment in real estate development was RMB 1101.3 billion, a decrease of 9.6 per cent compared to the previous year; of this amount, the investment in housing was RMB 83,82.2 billion, a decrease of 9.3 per cent, which reflected a 23.20 per cent decline in the cumulative area of new construction in July 2024, a persistent pressure on investment in real estate development and a projected increase in the construction of new commodity houses in 2024.
On the other hand, the National Conference on Housing and Urban-Rural Construction and the bi-annual report of 2024 have focused more than once on the “three pillars” of shelter construction, urban-rural rehabilitation, and public infrastructure development for “spiritual” projects. The construction of the “three pillars” is a key component of the new real-estate development model, and it is also expected that the engineering machinery will be activated.
Construction of equipment has begun, which has had a negative impact on the decline in the area of construction of new housing units.
Good government investment has led to a multiplier effect, with emphasis on supporting technological innovation, new infrastructure, energy savings and carbon reduction, strengthening of livelihood and other areas of economic and social vulnerability, and the promotion of flood and flood prevention infrastructure, while the other side continues to push for the upgrading of the city's central village - “promotion of the construction of public infrastructure for the “first-use” and the rehabilitation of the city's central village.”
At the financial level, policy instruments such as public budget spending, special-purpose bonds, and super-permanent special state debt form a “portfolio box” - “the proposed arrangement of $3.9 trillion in special local government bonds (a 100 billion increase over last year's), “the proposed issuance of ultra-permanent special State debt for several consecutive years, with $1 trillion in advance this year”, and “the deficit rate is to be set at 3 per cent.
Overall, the 2024 bipartite government reports have given strong support to the capital sector, both at the policy and financial levels, which must boost the entire engineering and machinery industry. According to the National Statistical Office, investment in infrastructure has continued to improve.
The increase of 4.9 per cent (excluding electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply) was similar, with investments in the water management sector growing by 28.9 per cent, investment in air transport by 25.5 per cent and investment in rail transport by 17.2 per cent.
3) Equipment Upgrading - Equipment Upgrading Policy + Environmental Emission Upgrading Driver \triangleright Policy End, State Department, 13 March 2024, " Promoting Large-scale Equipment Upgrading and Consumer Consumers "
On 24 July 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a report on strengthening support for large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer goods.
In addition to the announcement in the Old for New Measures, which combines over $300 billion in extra-permanent special national debt funds and supports large-scale equipment upgrades and consumer replacements for old ones, in terms of product equipment upgrades, the work of the Trinity Network excavator is 10,000h long.
By standard, based on the number of hours a month of operation of the Pine excavator in the Chinese region for the period 2014-2023, the excavator works approximately 1,000-1600h per year, taking an average of 1300h/year, thus measuring that the excavator's equipment has an upgrade cycle of approximately 8 years. However, at the time of use, actual life depends on the type, condition of use, intensity of work, etc.
In 2015, the starting point for the second wave of the upper cycle was the replacement cycle of the equipment, which is 8/9 years.
Emission standards in the engineering and machinery industry are a necessary trend, and the “country four” emission standards are conducive to accelerating the updating of old and old systems.
In terms of emissions, the national and national iii type is the current dominant model of the market, but the national i and previous aircraft share is still more than 10 per cent. In terms of composition of emissions, the national i and former ii accounted for 13.1 per cent, the national ii for 34.2 per cent, the national ii for 52.2 per cent and the national iv for only 0.5 per cent.
(b) In the composition of the perm emissions, i and ii accounted for 14.0 per cent, ii for 27.2 per cent, iii for 58.7 per cent, and iv for only 0.1 per cent, while in 2023 the overall industry demand was reduced by the “IV” scenario.
By type of product, excavators can be divided into large, medium, and small digs. Applications, small digs, are mainly applied in the areas of energy conservation and environmental protection, building of houses, and gardening; they are mainly used for building houses.
Construction, construction of urban infrastructure, and road construction; while large-scale excavations are the most relevant, they are widely applied to large-scale engineering earthworks, mining, etc. Excavators in the domestic market have been increasing in recent months, mainly as a result of structural changes resulting from the increase in sales of small-scale excavators.
The cumulative sale of 34,395 small excavators in the domestic market in January-May 2024 rose to 75.2 per cent in the domestic market for nearly five months, and the demand for small excavators, supported by trillions of national debt, will grow gradually in January 2024 and March 2024, respectively, and is expected to increase in the future.
China is the world’s largest engineering and machinery market, with more than one third of the global market.
On the other hand, emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Africa and others have become important markets for engineering machinery as infrastructure in other countries progresses; on the other hand, mature countries in Europe and the United States have stable demand and stock-up markets, and the markets in Europe and the United States still have significant development opportunities, along with the replacement of domestic plant products and the upgrading of post-market services.
In addition to this, the demand for energy conservation abroad is increasing, and the process of electricization of domestic producers is at the forefront of the industry. Thus, at the demand side, the demand of overseas markets is abundant and the space is wide enough to be the main engine of growth for domestic industry producers. At the supply side, domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers have accelerated their overseas deployment in recent years, and have been actively pushing it.
Thus, it can be seen that in recent years, the share of domestic front-runners in engineering machinery abroad has increased steadily, with higher rates in Russia, India, and Latin American countries. According to the Customs Department, exports of engineering machinery in 2023 amounted to $48,552 million, an increase of 9.59 per cent.
1) Asian exports by continent were highest, amounting to 19.649 billion yuan or 41 per cent, an increase of 7.61 per cent in the same year; exports to Europe, $12.689 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent in the same year; exports to North America, $5.12 billion or the same 2), for the major regions, the Russian Federation, the United States, Indonesia, Japan, Australia and India.
Exports to the Russian Federation accounted for the first six. Of this amount, exports to the Russian Federation amounted to $6.05 billion, an increase of 66.5 per cent, or 12.48 per cent; exports to India amounted to $1.78 billion, an increase of 20.3 per cent, or 3.67 per cent, compared with the previous year; and exports to Latin America and the Caribbean amounted to $9.013 billion, a rise compared with the previous year.
12.8 per cent, or 18.56 per cent, of total exports. These regions are the main drivers behind domestic exports of engineering machinery in the context of the global economic downturn.
Figure 252023 shows the export of engineering machinery to all continents, with a breakdown of the product categories, according to data from the Chinese Engineering and Machinery Network, in order of export volume in 2023: the main export countries of excavators are Russia, Belgium, Indonesia, the United States, Turkey, Saudi Arabia.
Labor, Philippines, Viet Nam, United Kingdom, Netherlands, etc.; the main countries of export of loaders are Russia, the United States, Tbilisi, Brazil, Australia, Kazakhstan, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, South Africa, etc. Domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers are gaining momentum abroad and resisting the international giants’ court.
See, according to data from the first Engineering and Machinery Network, the Asian-Pacific market in 2022 was 15.6 per cent, 7.8 per cent, 11.0 per cent and 14.3 per cent, respectively, from which it can be seen that domestic engineering and machinery manufacturers are gaining momentum in developing the South-East Asian market, have already outperformed it and are moving closer to the international arena.
In order to further explore the latest export status of the main mass excavator, we draw on the monthly number of exports.
According to the Chinese Association of Industrial and Technical Industries, 7,456 excavators were sold in July 2024, a decrease of 0.51 per cent in the same year; the cumulative export of 57,262 machines in January-July fell 12.3 per cent in the same year, owing to a previous high base build-up of the epidemic.
Again, the overseas supply chain has been restored, so monthly export data for excavators have been negative since June 2023. But, given the performance of leading domestic engineering firms, the overseas market has become an important point of entry for many years of continuous internationalization, and leading firms such as Trinity, Willow, China Union and Xu Engineering have gone overseas.
Both harvests and orders are growing at a high rate, with a sustained foreign market share of the product advantage.3 At the firm level, four main advantages are built into strong competitiveness, and one is the strength of the core product, but there is still much room for dynamism.
In terms of machines, the number-three-year-old co-lending champion in the domestic market for excavating machines. In recent years, the company’s position as a leading company in the field of domestic excavators has continued to grow.
It is clear that, according to the Engineering Machinery Industry Yearbook data, the company’s share of the city rose from 2018 to 2021 and is currently at around 30%. As the overseas strategy deepens, the company’s overseas exports of excavators remain in the forefront of the industry; however, compared to Caterpillar, the sales of the tri-heavy workforce remain on the road to become a large international engineering and mechanical enterprise.
Concrete machinery is used mainly for infrastructure construction, such as railways, roads, subways, hydropower stations, metallurgical construction, and real estate. According to the company’s network of officials, the company officially left the country’s first concrete in 1994.
Towing pumps; company concrete towing pumps, pumps and pumps were the highest in the domestic market in 2000; 3-to-1 in 2012, buying the first German brand of concrete in the world, Putsmeister, radically changing industry patterns; 3-to-1 vehicle critical weights are now required to achieve 100 per cent self-production of spare parts, and the concrete machinery market is the world ' s highest. Concrete machinery was the world ' s highest in 2023.
The revenue from sales now stands at $15.315 billion, with electric mixers selling up 47% over the same period. As the new “triple” strategy deepens, coupled with the firm’s strong innovative base, the global share of concrete machinery will rise in the future, driven by multiple pro-good policies.
Heavyweight Mechanical Industries: The Triad Industry has a strong position, and the offshore market is growing. The Market for Heavy Machines is dominated by three major national brands, with companies achieving $13 billion in sales in 2023, with overseas market exports remaining the first industry, growing by more than 50%, and the world’s share of the market rising dramatically.
In terms of the breakdown of products, the company’s leading product, such as a large-ton crane, became China’s first brand, according to the company’s 2023 report; of these, the stc 2400c8-8 car crane, with its super strong performance and operating economy, was 57.9% in the city of 2023, ranking first; and, according to aem data, the company’s car crane and full ground weightings.
In 2023, the overseas market for cranes and cranes rose significantly.
As policy drivers, the economic advantage of the cost of electricization, and the penetration rate of electric products increase, there is much to be gained in the future. On the policy front, policies are in place, both domestically and internationally, to support the development of electric products.
Domestically, the 14th Five-Year Plan explicitly provides for the development of a low-carbon economy; at the same time, the practical application of the country's four emission criteria, as well as subsidies and preferential policies for electric engineering in Beijing, Shanghai, etc., have contributed to the transformation of traditional fuel machinery into electric. Foreignly, the European Green Agreement, the Smart and Sustainable Transport Strategy, and others.
The implementation of nrmm emission standards has led to stricter emission standards and to the promotion of electric motor development, including in engineering and machinery. The United States epa program, Japan’s Green Growth Strategy, Canada’s Clean Technology program, and India’s fameindia program have all created a sound policy environment for electricization.
\triangleright economic costs, end-of-service costs save major cost economic advantages for electrodynamic products. When combined with total costs over the life of use, electric engineering machines are more advantageous.
40-50% of the total cost of machinery, resulting in higher acquisition costs, but still a significant advantage in the operation of electric-powered products. First, motors can achieve higher energy use, avoiding waste of energy from conventional fuel machines; second, motor maintenance costs and component replacement costs are lower than those from conventional fuel machines.
The improvement of the mature and lithium battery industrial chain is expected to reduce the acquisition costs by further falling the price of lithium ion batteries. On the other hand, geopolitical and market sentiment factors have led to persistently high oil prices, so, in combination, electric products have an economic advantage.
Measured on the case of 24 tons of excavators: the cost of new energy excavators is approximately $900,000, the fuel excavators are more than 2.2 years a year, although, based on five years of depreciation, they have spent a static investment. After recovery years, the advantage of the lower cost of use of new excavators is rapidly reflected, with a combination of five years on average.
It's only 60% of the fuel excavators. From spare parts to whole machines, electrodynamics are fully rolled out in engineering. Currently, electricization in engineering and machinery is still in the initial stages of development, as some of the powered core technologies have not yet been broken and some of the spare parts cost has not yet been met.
High-level, inadequate industrial chains in the supporting facilities, and less rapid progress in the production of electrical wholes. But, to be sure, with the upgrading of electric technology, engineering machinery is expected to grow.
Industry, three-by-one jobs, guided by innovation and green development, are the first to explore the path of electric development. In line with the public-sector strategy for the development of electric products, three phases can be defined: “triple transformation” of globalization and internationalization. In 2019, the company took the lead in launching a 408/410 pure electric condensation.
In 2021 alone, 24 electric products were introduced to the market, including fuel cell mixers, 38 tons of electric excavator sy375e, and some of the world’s first products.
The company has completed the development of 79 electric products, which are listed on the market in 67 electrical products. 3) Comprehensive layout (2023-to date): full-scale electricization of the company ' s engineering vehicles, excavators, loaders, cranes, etc., focusing on three technological routes of pure electricity, blending and hydrogen fuel, which continue to overlap.
Electrodynamic products. To further enhance the core competitiveness of electrodynamics, companies are working together through self-development, external strategic cooperation, five main directions in the field of electrodynamics, power cores, power-driven bridge technology, vcu assembly platforms, recharge stations, fuel cell systems, and control technology.
Figure 37 shows that the main electrodynamic products are collating, and that the company has embarked on a full-scale electrical transformation. From a product matrix, three tools are equipped with a more complete array of electrodynamic engineering and mechanical products, and it promotes the continuous updating of electrodynamic products.
It covers a number of important areas of engineering machinery, including excavators, cranes, and dump trucks. New energy gold prizes were awarded on product awards. In 2023, the stc550t8 car cranes received China's Engineering Machinery's New Energy Market Break Gold Award. In terms of product patents and income, three weights received 275 low carbon patents in 2023.
Companies are leading the industry in the area of new energy engineering equipment that can be commercialized. For example, companies have the highest rates of sales of electric mixers, electric power cranes, and cranes.
3.3 Strength three: The global market has the potential to sustain a unique path of globalization and enhance global market competitiveness. From the beginning of globalization in 2002, from simple product export sales to greenfield investments to M & As joint ventures, the world has a unique way out.
According to the company’s network of officials and annual reports, the company’s global overseas distribution can be divided into the following stages:
2) The Overseas Investment Phase (2006-2010) has continued to establish R & D manufacturing bases in India, the United States, Germany, and Brazil. The first overseas factory was launched in 2006 in India, in 2007 in the United States of America, in Europe, in 2009, in Brazil, in 2010 in the form of a third-larger to build a fourth overseas R & D and manufacturing base.
Localization (2010-2012) is a concerted effort to domesticate the chain of R & D, production, marketing, and services. In 2012, the German company Pushmeister was successfully acquired in Trinity, and a joint venture was formed with Parfig, Austria, in the same year.
4) The regional phase (2012-present) of globalization has entered into the regional phase, and companies have basically developed, manufactured, and marketed a global landscape that has formed four major industrial parks + 12 overseas marketing regions + Psmeister, Germany. In 2023, overseas operations were organized in the form of Platform Enabling + Stimulators.
The growth of overseas jobs, the growth of overseas markets, the steady increase in the size of overseas market revenues, and the potential of global markets.
See, the company ' s overseas profile is broadly divided into four phases: opening up, increasing foreign operating income; and 2) 2009-2013, with the expansion of overseas markets and the impact of the global economic recovery, companies abroad.
By the end of 2023, overseas product sales had covered more than 180 countries and regions, and Europe and the United States had become the fastest growing overseas region. Regional sales earnings were achieved as follows: 16.5 billion dollars in Asia and Australia, an 11.10 per cent increase; and Europe.
3.4 Strength four: The transition has accelerated, leading to high-quality development The age of intelligence interconnection, where intelligence is the trend in the industry. The company started its intellectual construction earlier: in 2016, the Trinity Networking Team set up Root Connectivity Technology Ltd., and then joined root interconnections and China the following year.
Joint construction of industrial goods networking cloud; company digitization of business-wide processes (marketing services, R & D, supply chain, finance, etc.) in 2018, with full digital upgrading initiated from the three levels of machine substitution, machine decision-making and product intelligence; company signing of a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with China-China Communications in 2019, deepening 5g cooperation to promote smartness
Upgraded and piloted in Beijing and Changsha Industrial Park, 5g network and 5g business demonstration; 2020, industrial Internet cloud network built. After many years of transformation, the "digital intelligence" transition of the trio was a major success. In 2021, the company stump plant was selected as the top of the global heavy industry.
A certified lighthouse factory; the company became the world’s most advanced factory in heavy industry in 2022; and the company became operational in three major overseas smart manufacturing plants in Indonesia, India, and the United States in 2023.
In the area of smart manufacturing, companies are committed to building lighthouse plants, hardware, and software technology breakthroughs. The cut-off plant is a global heavy industry certified by the World Economic Forum as a “lighthouse plant” for patenting and awarding.
The number of patents has dominated the industry for many years. Significant improvements have been made in human efficiency, production efficiency, production processes, and efficiency gains. 2) In the case of smart products, companies have actively promoted the transformation of research results, driving and operating intelligently.
The three main areas of smart services have achieved impressive technological breakthroughs and results, creating a paradigm for industrial intelligence building that meets the needs of transport, mechanical diversity, and customer satisfaction. In smart operations, companies have consistently promoted full factor data collection, value extraction, and precision.
In 2023, energy-saving projects undertaken by companies in the course of their operations resulted in energy savings of more than $100 million.
Figure 4131.1 Income per person in recent years (million yuan/person) The company's “intelligent” level is in the forefront of the industry, but there is still room for development in the industry as a whole. As an important pillar of industrial development in my country, the overall digitization process in the engineering and machinery sector is progressing steadily, but without neglect.
Looking at the fact that engineering still needs to break through the “cricket” dilemma, there is an urgent need to accelerate digital change and innovation, to speed up the patchwork, and to keep moving in the direction of internationalization, scalability, and integration. Some industry headlines are now starting a digital transformation exercise, with some success, and engineering will move in the future in a more intelligent direction.
\triangleright Overseas markets as economies and infrastructure recover, build on the strong competitiveness of domestic producers, build on the momentum of engineering and machinery manufacturers to go out into the sea (2) Companies have been digging deep for years, their products have been innovative, overseas markets have been laid out for years, and are expected to be home-grown
(c) In terms of prices, taking into account the changes in the structure of the domestic industry this year or at the end of the cycle, and the increase in the industry ' s reverse average prices by 0 per cent and 1 per cent, respectively, while in the case of overseas markets, the price of the same product and the Maori ratio are higher than in the country
High, but as a result of a combination of the availability of domestic engineering and machinery products, as the product structure changes, it is expected that (4) Māori rates are expected to be expected to be expected as industry cycles are at the bottom \triangleright
Concrete machinery: Taking into account the end of the industry cycle in 2024, it is assumed that the size of the domestic engineering machinery market will increase respectively in 2025-2026 (2) According to data from the China Roadside Mechanic Network, the share of concrete machinery in the engineering machinery industry in 2019 was as follows:
17 per cent, but given the rapid increase in domestic and foreign sales of industrial vehicles driven by the development of logistics and manufacturing in recent years, the share of concrete machinery in engineering machinery is expected to decrease gradually, but in 2025-2026, taking into account the steady development of the concrete industry, it is expected to account for the overall share of engineering machinery combined with the overall upswing of the engineering and machinery industry.
(1) The extensive use of lifting equipment in engineering, industrial production, logistics transport, port terminals, and energy development is one of the key pillars of the national economy. Domestic manufacturing continues to grow, but in 2024, the market is still hot, assuming a 10% drop in revenue in 2024, taking into account the public sector.
\triangleright surface machinery: (1) surface machinery is used mainly for the construction of roads, urban roads and airfields, etc., but
Considering industry factors, assuming a decrease of 10 per cent in 2024, while \triangleright (1), the main product of the industrial machinery, as the industry reversed in 2025 and 2026, was a dredging rig for municipal construction, road bridges, industry and civil use
Basic construction works such as buildings, underground consecutive walls, water, permeable ramps, but taking into account industry factors, assuming 2024, spare parts and others: (1) there are a number of emerging companies in this category, such as advanced, fire-fighting vehicles, loading machines, etc., taking into account
We see the continued development of the trio-manufactured products in the domestic and overseas markets, and expect the company ' s 2024-priced company, Willows, Central Union, Xu, Zhejiang Dynasty and Hangfork Group, as comparable companies, have the highest valuation value from the valuation point of view in the domestic engineering and machinery plant, taking into account the industry cycle.
For the first time, the company is expected to benefit fully.
3) Receivable recovery risk; 4) increased industry competition.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, are not, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.