Three-quarterly performance rating 2023: one-quarter net profit return to a new record 30th October 2023, as a follow-up to the resumption of international routes, which will lead to a sustained release of profit elasticity
On October 27, 2023, China’s East China Airlines announced its performance in the third quarter of 2023. 3q23 achieved a record net return profit of 3.64 billion yuan.
The Division achieved operating income of $85.54 billion, an increase of 138.6 per cent over the same period; a net loss of $2.61 billion was recorded for the mother, a net profit of $3.64 billion for the mother, a record high profit in the first quarter and a full release of profit elasticity in the context of the summer season.
In the context of high oil prices, there is still a more marked increase than in the same period of 19 years, when $3.451 million was spent. Quantities: accelerated demand recovery for air travel, 3q23 domestic/regional/international router passenger ratio ring Biti rises 3.0 pct/8.9 pct/9.7 pct. 1) From a supply point of view, 3q23 company ask recovered to the same 19-year period.
Both faster than the corresponding ask, leading to an increase in the domestic/regional/international passenger rate, respectively, which has saturated. At the same time, we expect the number of international flights to return to 70-80% by the end of the first quarter of 24 years and to 100% by the same period in 19 years.
At the same time, Easter sails either to re-position some of its capacity on international routes, or to keep the fare high on domestic routes, or in cases where there is a lack of supply or demand. This is mainly because it benefits from the high fare on domestic routes during the summer season.
The rate of revenue for passengers will remain at 100-110 per cent for the same period in 19 years, while the rate for international passengers will decline further as the supply of international routes increases and is expected to decrease significantly during the first half of the year.
In the meantime, we have seen a 10.3 per cent increase of 0.39 dollars over the same period of year, mainly 3q19 dollars of our aviation kerosene production price, which has contributed significantly to this document.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Given the impact of high oil prices on the company’s cost end, we have made a downward revision, resulting in higher shipping costs, and currency depreciation resulting in loss on exchange.
I have presented this report with diligence, independence, objectivity, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers mentioned; my specific suggestions or views contained in this report are past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to my remuneration.