Resource and Environmental Research Centre (SRRC) Summer operations revenue levels have continued to rise and oil prices have been reduced
Billions, 13.5 per cent more, net profit from motherhood, 2.21 billion less, 38.1 per cent less, and performance is as expected. Summer transport has shrunk significantly, demand has shrunk and the level of return has risen significantly: due to the late start of the summer season, the Civil Aviation Authority has strict overtime charter controls, and the impact of the earthquake on Japan's cable typhoons and Hokkaido, the company.
q3 q3 q3 q1 q3 q3 q3 q1 q1 = 4.7% overall (5.7% / 2.7 % internationally), 2018h1 overall = 9.6% % = benefited from the strong air demand in the East China region, q3 q3 increased profit levels became bright spots, including fuel surcharge effects, and we measured the q3 q3 q1 q1 q1 q1 Q1 Q1 Q1
The same gain was about 8.9 per cent, with a net increase of 37 aircraft in the 20182 East Air Plan, with only 15 aircraft, and 1.
The rate of increase is only 1.4 per cent and 0.3 per cent, with Kunming base falling by 0.3 per cent, with only Xianan base being higher, at 4.9 per cent, while supply and demand at the first-line airport is still on the rise, and the overall level of corporate returns is expected to continue to grow robustly.
Against the backdrop of a single-season increase of 39.7% in kerosene, the Māori rate has been reduced by 1.5 pct, which is expected to be the main factor contributing to the decline. Iran’s sanctions are a major contradiction to international oil prices, and the supply gap is difficult to bridge in time.
If not, the build-up of US pipelines in the medium to long term will ease supply pressures, and international oil prices are expected to rise 5. Shiplifting is expected to increase at a low rate, the cost of the oil is to return to the center level, and the elasticity of airline earnings will eventually be reflected in performance.
In addition, q3 one-month renminbi depreciated by 4.0 per cent against the United States dollar. The projected dollar-denominated operating lease of $1 billion, representing a gain of $620 million over the same period last year, was the main cause of the significant decline in net profit returns for the current season.
The company is in Shanghai, and the rate of return is rising significantly. If oil prices and exchange rates are stable, the performance will be fully offset by improved supply and demand in the sectors that benefit from the policy.
The new airport in Beijing is not operating as expected, with oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events.