Heung Swe medicine, Heung Swe medicine (600276), mid-2017.
Heung Swe medicine published its semi-annual report for 2017, and in the first half of 2017 the company achieved an operating income of $6,345 million, an increase of 20.18 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,573 million, an increase of 19.71 per cent in the same year. On the basis of higher R & D inputs attributable to shareholders in listed companies, more than 20 per cent of the growth rate is still among the highest in the country.
On the basis of the Bloomberg Terminal, we extrapolate income increases of more than 20 per cent from overseas plates (Cyrophosphate is steadily increasing, and the newest data from the Bloomberg Terminal in February was that heptafluoroalkanes began to show sales data for sandoz, although the amount is small, but we assume that hexafluoroalkanes are also working with sandoz to start selling abroad and are still in a period of elasticity and are expected to continue to contribute in the future).
Figure 1: Revenue from the sale of Pemberg terminal cyclophosphate (integrated, wac, millions of United States dollars)
About 10% smooth growth (slightly accelerated) in the West Tuts, where the thugs are flat and the thugs are down slightly for Gio, Osali, anaesthetic lines (20%): right-wing metomies and heptafluoroalkanes show remarkable performance, right-merit rates are above 30%, heptafluoroalkanes are up by about 20%, A 0.3 pp, and management costs are up slightly (controlling management costs other than cutting R & D costs). Corporate financial costs are also up, mainly due to reporting.
The market share for cyclophosphamide is stable, heptafluoroane, ammonium arcoon, Dosita is being marketed and gradually released, and the ground fluoroalkanes EU is being approved.
There's a lot on the domestic preparations: the oncology line: Apadeni entered the negotiating catalogue (about 30% down), and given the Apadaloni properties, it is hoped that the prices will be exchanged quickly, at the present time in only seven provinces.
The winning bid is expected to maintain high growth in the future, with market space of over 2 billion people! Dosita's overseas anda has been approved to import further imports into the domestic market.
Other: The first innovative drug, Ere Schebb, entered the new health care catalogue, and is expected to be sold over a billion in 17 years of high growth and to reach 200-300 million in a stable future. The priority review has brought about a new growth point in the country: the first copy of the next test in the priority review queue was a methomic meth spray of hydrochloric acid and a sulfoda liver to sodium.
The ethanol has been introduced into the new health insurance catalogue, which is expected to accompany the dissemination of the original product as soon as it is approved.3 The research and development effort is being carried out in the first place in the country, and innovative drugs are available in and out of the country, such as radiation fluids, ILC injection fluids for hydrochloric acid, Zomitraptan oral soluble membrane, propofol/Long-chain fat milk injection fluids, ammonium globromide injection fluids,
A bioequivalency test for a product (Obel, Urbesatán, Tovaptán, satamino chloride tablets, plaqueso hydrochloride, Tan Sorrozin condensation capsules, etc.). Table 1: An overview of clinical batches of innovative medicines in the first half of Henriche, 2017
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
At present, Apadeni is in the list of health-care negotiations. Apadeni is used mainly for the vegfr inhibitor of late-stage stomach cancer, which in 16 years has been sold for more than $800 million. At present, Apadeni is in seven provinces, but has entered hospitals extensively through book procurement, without entering any of the provinces for additional health-care coverage. Currently, there are more than 400,000 cases of stomach cancer each year in the country (300,000 deaths from stomach cancer each year, thus leaving the stock out of consideration).
Post-punishment patient penetration rate is 20%, with a negotiated payment of $2858 for each patient for three cycles of 28 days. At the same time, Apadaloni's ii clinical trial for late lung cancer and late liver cancer is under way, pd-1 entering iii, the country's first. On April 13, Pd-1 antishr-1210 of Henry medicine published "shr-1210"
The trial announcement of the ii clinical study of patients with late non-small cell lung cancer on the first line of treatment means that the drug is the first to enter clinical phase three in the country, the pd-1 drug, which is expected to take the lead in the future and become another innovative heavy-pound bomb.
The shr8554 injection is a small molecular drug that targets the μ-opium receptor (mor), which activates the amor receptor and applies to pain treatment. A similar product is currently being developed for the Trevena company (trv130) in the United States, which is currently in the iii phase of clinical research in the United States.
Shr9146 (ido inhibitor) is approved by the U.S. fda. Shr 9146 is an oral, strong, small molecule ido inhibitor, ido is known as the alamine 2,3-hexaoxyase group, and co-workase tdo (crysine 2,3-aerobic enzyme) group.
In the family of ido, catalytic chromosome amino acid decomposes along the dog's urinate path. ido is expressed in a variety of neoplasmal cells and antigens in high cells, performing immuno-reconciliation functions by regulating the levels of chromosome amino acid and metabolic products, which are important small molecular control targets in oncological immunotherapy. Previously, there were no ido inhibitors on the market at home and abroad, and similar products under study were epacadostat, developed by Incetere.
(incb024360), in the United States, at the iii stage of clinical research.
From the beginning of 2017 to the present, Heung Swe has been approved for two dods (Dositas, Atraku ammonium) and for the European Union for HFCs. The dmf product line assumes that several products are expected to be approved in 17 years. We believe that 17 years will be a year of massive cut-off.
Table 2: Heung Swe has been approved for an overview of Heung Swe, Table 3: Heung Swe is expected to be approved for an overview of Heung Swe's 2017-2018
Eastern financial and intellectual sources5 and future priority reviews of the domestic market for the export of preparations to counter-feeding have been found to be of benefit to the domestic market with the approvals of Henish heptafluoroane, Dositas, and Alcuku ammonium abroad.
In 16 years, heptafluoroalkanes increased by about 20% and accumulated ammonium by about 10%. Tossi was a mature cash flow product in the Thin Swe tumor line. According to terminal data, sales in 2016 were estimated to be about 1.2 billion yuan, with a small increase of less than 5%. According to sample hospital data, the current market share of the Dosi Tutor market is first, surpassing Sénofi, and sales revenue remains stable.
Heptafluoroane, Atraku ammonium, Dosita formulations are expected to benefit in the future from the quality advantages of overseas certifications, especially the Dositas, which are expected to increase further through increasing market share. The first-quality capofin, the first-quality, was approved through the Priority Review Channel, the first-ever-approved model of the Hennessey Review.
The first imitation in the priority review team is also the right metomic hydrochloric acid, sulfuric liver to sodium injection fluid, platinum injection fluid, platinum ol injection fluid, violet sapol injection (teprotein combination), ground fluorine, basics and observations, as shown in table 4. Of the priority reviewed species, we focus more on the injection of violets (teprotein combination). The global sales of violet ol protein are close to $1 billion, and in 2015 it was domestic in size.
Around 300 million, but at a faster rate, it has the potential to become a 1 billion yuan class. Clinical approvals are now available, and it is expected to be added through a priority review. Table 4: An overview of the Heung Swe priority review of the variety.
The company’s revenues are expected to increase by about 20%. In addition, 2017 is expected to be the year of the Henryanda outbreak, while several of the first varieties are expected to benefit from the accelerated listing of priority reviews. We look forward to the company’s long-term development and maintain its “recommended” rating.
Overseas business is growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative medicine development, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial intelligence in the East.
1st team leader, Zhang Jinyang, 7th team core member for new wealth in 2015, and 3rd team core member for crystal ball in 2015. B.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business College, three years old.
Research. With the multiplicity of pharmaceutical + economy, industry + capital, multi-year industrial experience in capital work has given it a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
Investing opportunities such as internationalization. Research with a doctoral-level logical perspective + geologic research + hard work, especially with in-depth research and unique insights into chemicals, medicine internationalization.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.