The basics have improved considerably, and it's good to see the value of the restoration space.
The second half of 2020 was published by the company on the night of 14 August: net profit returns in the first half of the year grew by 3.49 per cent over the same period, with a sharp preponderance of commercial banks by 9.41 per cent over the same period, revenue growth by 14.33 per cent over the same period and profit growth by 16.53 per cent over the same period before the provision.
The cost of a liability has fallen, interest rates have risen, interest differentials have increased, and the heavy pricing of corporate corporate liabilities has improved cost spending, resulting in a lower cost of interest-bearing liabilities in the first half of the year than in the first quarter of the year. The interest rate on end-of-debt deposits is more rigid, with a slight increase of 1 bp from the previous year.
Under pressure on public loan interest rates, the asset end-of-end rate of return is only 3 bp lower than in the previous quarter. Of these, loan interest rates were raised by 4 bp over the previous year, and interest rates on public loans, personal loans, discounted notes were increased by -10 bp, 29bp, and -42 bp, respectively, compared to the previous year.
At the end of the year, the negative rate was 1.37%, the ring dropped by 1 bp, and the downward trend continued, with asset quality performance significantly better than that of colleagues. This was due to the fact that companies increased their provision and problem asset disposal efforts in the second quarter to accelerate risk resolution.
The company’s fundamentals have absorbed the negative effects of the new coronary epidemic. The negative rates have fallen, the provision coverage has risen, the interest differentials have risen, the reverse market has expanded, and the overall business structure has become more robust. 3.49% of the net return profits have grown much faster than the industry as a whole, showing stronger performance growth attributes. The company, Zegen Jiangsu, registered a 0.9% increase in the previous six months in Gdp, Jiangsu Province.
At the end of 2020, the company’s pb valuation is only 0.61 times higher, which does not fully reflect the company’s growth in performance. In the split of bank block valuations, the company’s valuations are low, its fundamentals are excellent, and it will have a larger valuation.
Rehabilitating space. We look forward to the company’s fundamentals and opportunities for mobility. Forecasting the net profit growth of the company from 2020 to 2022, fluctuations in asset quality, downward pressure on interest differentials, policies not as well as expected. 1. Jiangsu Bank (600919).
2. Jiangsu Bank (600919).
As a listed bank with its first semi-annual report, the company responded to investors’ expectations with its beautiful performance. In the first half of the year, the net return profit of the company grew by 3.49% over the same period, significantly ahead of the net profit growth of commercial banks by 9.41%. As we stressed in the semi-annual strategy report, the time point for small and medium-sized banks’ policy pressure has been the greatest.
Small and medium-sized banks are not only capable, conditional, but also backed by a policy environment. Small and medium-sized banks are healthy and stable in their fundamentals, which are the basis for ensuring that monetary policy is guided by precision in the second half of the year. The current valuation of the bank plate is being repaired, the public sector is undervalued, performance is growing, and we value the company’s elasticity.
The growth rate of the company’s net profit in the first half of the year was 3.49%, down a step from 12.85% in the first quarter. As a result of the impact of the new crown epidemic, and following the industry’s overall increase in the provision, the company’s profit growth rate has declined gradually.
The main reasons for the decline over the quarter were the net difference, which was influenced by the rise in the previous year’s base for the same period, and the decrease in the margin of the contribution provision, which was due to the short-term consolidation of assets and the disposal of credit risk. The lower interest rate pushes the net difference to a new high.
The net difference in the first half of the year has not changed if the ring comparison is compared. The net difference in the first half of the year was 2.10%, an increase of 3bp (caliber calculus) over the first quarter, which is higher than it has been since the market. This is mainly due to lower interest rates after the firm ' s corporate liability has been revalued, resulting in higher cost spending and higher cost rates for the first half of the year ' s interest-bearing liability.
The interest rate on deposit at the end of the liability is more rigid than in the previous year, with a slight increase of 1 bp. Nearly 70% of this amount being public deposits. Although the price of public term deposits is estimated to have fallen back, the deposit rate has not yet been set because of the increase in the ratio. As economic activity rises, deposit rates are expected to decrease steadily in the second half of the year.
Debt securities and other interest-bearing liabilities are issued at a rate that falls across the board, creating space for cost relief. Funds; 4. Net interest differentials and net spreads are calculated on the basis of net interest income of the original calibre, taking into account the return on the Fund’s investments and its tax-exempt effects.
The credit interest rate was raised by 4 bp over the previous year, and the discount rate for public loans, personal loans, and notes increased by -10 bp, 29bp, and -42 bp respectively over the previous year. Individual loans became the middle of asset end-pricing.
The Division’s lending priorities shifted from consumer loans to housing loans, and the rise in the volume of merchandise trading and the price regulation of housing loans continued to support interest rate pricing levels. While short-term adjustments to the pace of spending on consumer loans have not prevented companies from transforming retail operations further.
Commercial banks showed a 3bp rise in the bad rate ring at the end of the second quarter, and companies performed much better in terms of asset quality than their counterparts. This was a result of the second quarter, when companies increased their provision and problem asset disposal to speed up risk identification. Since the second quarter, as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the rate of credit generation began to slow down.
Figure 8: Jiangsu Bank ' s poor rate is lower than the industry average and increases by 11 bp to 1.94% and 0.77%. Credit risks from the new crown epidemic in the first half of the year are mainly found in retail loans and micro-enterprises.
Risk levels. Credit costs for loans in the first half of the year increased by 1.94 pct over the same period in the previous year. The decline in bad public loans was mainly due to a decline in the wholesale rate of bad sales and an increase in the share of low-risk real estate loans.
It stabilizes the risk structure at the end of the asset. Corporate real-estate lending is only 0.04 per cent bad, increasing at a rate of 67.95 per cent. There is still a lot of room for high-quality assets because companies have a low share of past real-estate loans and only 25.23 per cent of public-estate loans + individual housing loans.
At the end of the second quarter, the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate was 8.46%, with the ring falling by 5bp. Although there was some capital pressure, capital replenishment was already on the way. On July 10, the company issued a plan to raise up to RMB 20 billion (inclusive) to become the first publicly listed bank to plan the equity programme in recent years.
A new capital supplement would also allow companies to lead the industry in terms of efficiency and pace of financing, and to set the ground for fundamental improvements. The semi-annual report reflects that the company’s fundamentals have absorbed the negative effects of the new crown epidemic.
In the first half of the year, Gdp in Jiangsu province increased by 0.9%, not only by the country, but also by the first in Jiangsu province. The region’s economic recovery will lead to better lending and asset quality in favour of the company.
In the case of splits in block valuation restorations, companies have low valuations, excellent fundamentals, and will have greater scope for valuation restoration.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.