Business stores have continued to grow, and battery storage packages have grown considerably since November 04, 2025, with a sustained product rotation and the introduction of new products, and the number of industrial inverters has increased significantly since 2025.
\triangleright, the end of the European market, the gradual recovery of demand in the market for household storage capacity, the rapid growth of business reserves, the continuation of demand in emerging markets such as Pakistan, Nigeria, etc., and Australia's expected high demand under subsidies.
The global storage capacity needs remain high, leading to the growth of corporate storage reversible business. Companies continue to produce and launch new products to emerging markets with the release of a new off-grid power source, 3.6-6kw, single off-grid, Dun Yongkang.
The company’s research and development team continues to launch new products suited to overseas local needs, and continues to promote foreign branding. The company’s reverse transformers are sold mainly to markets like Asia, Africa, Europe, etc., and are driven by local policies.
The global demand for business reserves has risen rapidly in Jubano, the European demand has grown rapidly from 0-1 with such catalytic developments as subsidy support, fit retreat, high electricity prices and power outages in Pakistan, Myanmar, Nigeria and Middle Eastern countries.
Since 2025, the company’s industrial and commercial reserves have taken advantage of the company’s channels and R & D advantages, and the products have been well matched to the needs of overseas markets.
The growth of storage battery packages is strong. \triangleright for global household demand based on user demand and market consumption trends
The growth, the rapid growth of storage batteries, the firm's positive global market layout, its synergy with the growth of star product storage, the expansion of inverse transformers, and its sustained strategy of globalizing brands through a combination of high-speculation participation and deep regional circuits, with strong growth in corporate storage batteries since 2025.
\triangleright strong - 2025/08/27
Quarterly review in 025: Reverse transformer output is high, storage capacity is high, industrial and industrial storage capacity is continuously released, battery packs are expected to continue to grow high, and “recommended” evaluation is maintained 3. German share (605117.sh) depth report: light storage
Reverser, emerging markets with significant competitive edges - 2025/4. German shares (605117.sh) Quarterly 2024: High demand in emerging markets, 24q2 performance over-expected -
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.