Accelerating the placement of business and industry deposits and Aidc, building new growth points -- German shares (605117.sh) q3 performance rating, November 03, 2025
German shares (equity code: 605117) Emerging market leaders are expected to benefit from global light storage dividends. To benefit from new energy distribution needs, grid security, and the introduction of dynamic electricity prices in Europe, demand from the user side has erupted, with global reserves expected to grow by about 40% in 2026.
50% of companies are emerging market leaders, overseas markets are fragmented, the share of emerging markets, represented by South Africa and Brazil, continues to rise, and inverters and battery packs is expected to continue to grow. 7gwh industrial and industrial storage lines, with capacity expansion synchronized with market expansion.
The construction of an additional “Producer Lines for Industrial and Industrial Reserves” with products ranging from 60 kwh to 5 mwh over series of containers and modular storage systems is expected to be completed by April 28, and delivery is expected to take place. Once completed, the project is expected to yield an annual income of $4.876 billion, with a net annual profit of $734 million, which is expected to contribute to the company’s performance gains.
It is expected that the company will accelerate the development of 800v solid-state transformer st, based on its deep technological excellence in electricity and electronics.
A breakthrough was achieved in 2026.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.