Emerging market layouts are leading, and business and storage operations are performing brightly. Investment ratings: buying (maintenance) q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q2 q1 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 = q2 = Q2 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 = Q1 Q1 = Q1 = Q1 Q1 Q1 = Q1 Q1 = Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 = & Q1
Corporate prices compared to the 300-percent trend: we expect business reserves to perform brightly and profitability to remain high, and we expect a steady growth in corporate q1-q3 Reversers operations, in which business reserves are based on a steady growth rate of production.
Channels and R & D advantages are significant, and they are important drivers of growth; the storage of battery packages has increased by the same time, and the company ' s storage cells have been integrated into the depth of the reversible product, in tandem with the expansion of the star product reversible.
The household electricity business is affected by the contraction of downstream demand, which has led to a decline in revenue collection.
Discontinuing the previous investment in the 25.5gw group of annual production, storage and reversibles project, with additional construction, the 7gwh industrial and industrial storage line project, expected to be completed by April 28. According to the feasibility study on the project, it is expected that an annual income of $4.88 billion will be realized after completion, with a net annual gain.
730 million yuan is expected to contribute to the company’s performance. • Looking forward: emerging markets have strong strengths, business stock upgrading leads to corporate growth attributes. Business reserves have no inventory impact, growth attributes are more pronounced.
100kw-2.5mw modular storage energy solutions have high flexibility and cost advantages. Emerging markets replace the demand for diesel generators with rigid demand, the European market benefits from dynamic price policies, and the demand for industrial storage is strong and will be a core growth engine for companies.
Emerging markets have high barriers, European markets have recovered steadily. Companies have significant pre-emptive advantages and access barriers in Asia and Africa, and the newly introduced off-grid Reversers are precisely meeting demand in Africa, South-East Asia, etc. European markets are nearing the end of their inventories, and demand is recovering, especially in Eastern Europe.
At the same time, companies are actively developing capacity in Malaysia to respond to US market tariff policies.
Global light storage needs are not as high as expected; corporate orders are not delivered as expected; overseas trade policy changes are taking place. Using legitimate compliance information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that any changes will occur in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.