Global Enterprise Network equipment giants, 5g direct-benefit target - purple shares (000938), which are now owned by the Ministry of Education, and the major shareholders are the large state-owned high-tech companies owned by the University of Cinghua.
According to the Department’s first quarter report of 2019, net profit on realization and return to mothers was $12.22 billion and $377 million, respectively, up 20.85 per cent and 52.66 per cent, respectively.
Driven by the twin benefits of incremental growth in local and domestic data centres, we believe that companies are likely to experience a sustained upswing in performance beyond industry. The “growth 3.0” phase is entering a rapid upswing: companies are going through scanner manufacturing.
The first two stages of sales, the distribution of its products were completed in 2016 with the acquisition of the Global Enterprise Network ' s relative depth of 300 indexed shares, and the equipment giant Xinhua 3 group (h3c) entered the current growth stage of 3.0.
The company is now in a period of rapid growth in business development, both in terms of its industry profile and its own business performance. h3c is a global network of equipment giants, with only a sub-national: H3c from the Chinese bloodstream.
The company leads the market with 400 g light equipment, high end routers, wifi6, wifi6.
In view of the company’s industrial position and the city’s level of ownership, we believe that the company will grow faster than the industry, and that it will be able to do so.
Growing R & D inputs will inevitably contribute to the continued optimization of the profit structure: on the one hand, the ratio of H3c to the company ' s revenue and profit contribution has been increasing, in the light of the continuing trend of corporate revenue growth, as can be seen from the company ' s strong integration of H3c. On the other hand, the company ' s recent years have shown that the company ' s contribution to the company ' s revenues and profits has been increasing.
Wang Smin's growing investment in research and development is also driving the increase in the marketing rate of Māori, and by comparing the Māori structure of foreign companies with that of similar companies, we believe that the profitability of the company has improved.
Risk factors for Xu Webin: under-construction of 5g, increased trade friction between Central America and the United States, risk of impairment of goodwill.1 Business development 3.0 with structural optimization features highlighted
1.1 Inner + Exterior, perfecting the layout of the IT industrial chain originates from Qinghua and flies to the Purple Group. The Purple Company was launched in 1999 by the Qinghua Purple Group and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in November of the same year.
In the context of trends in the global information industry and the niche of its own niche, the company’s strategy has a long-term focus on the area of its services.
With the full and leading digital products and technologies, efforts have been made to build a complete “ cloud-net-end” industry chain, cutting deep into the areas of cloud computing, big data and mobile Internet, and becoming an advanced service provider for the entire industry at all levels: hardware, software, solutions, etc.
Development phase 1.0: From 1999 to 2008, the scanners started and were successfully placed on the market. In 1999, the company entered a stock market at the beginning of the market, focusing on two main industrial directions: electronics of dynamic information and environmental protection. In the information electronics industry, the company was dominated by scanner products, followed by systems integration operations, which together outperformed the income ratio.
More than 50%: In the environmental industry, it is mainly in environmental engineering. The branded uniscan purple scanner was identified as a new national priority in 2000, with a market share of 27.6% and a monopoly.
In order to compete for the share of the scanner market, foreign and middle-sized manufacturers have launched price wars, prices of products have declined rapidly, and prices of low-end high-school products have narrowed, leading to a gradual decline in the Māori ratio of company-owned products from 2000 to 2008 and even a loss in 2001. The pace of technological upgrading has accelerated, and the transparency of product profits has led to a decline in business profit space.
Faced with a serious competitive dynamic, the company adjusted its internal organizational structure to complete a comprehensive and new business management software system, introduced a comprehensive budget management, and strictly controlled and reduced costs and expenses. The company removed the environmental industry from its “flash” into digital cameras, LCDs, computer industry markets, and determined the “it+communication” market.
In 2004, we opened the mobile market and expanded the medical product line, but the overall results were minimal. Despite changes in the industry patterns of some of the company’s products and operations, the growth rate of the company’s revenues has declined, and the public sector is still developing slowly.
During the year, the company actively changed the mode of operation of scanners, expanding both the home scanners and the commercial scanners, focusing on key aspects, and made breakthrough progress. In 2011, the scanner business accelerated its full transformation, moving the company from a single scanner product provider to a fully digitized product and industry programme solver.
During the year, a new purple graphics operation was added and expanded to nine in 2010 to cover the entire country. In value-added distribution, in close cooperation with the manufacturers, respectively, Hp, dell, association, Samsung, and the other big domestic and foreign-based IT manufacturers, the distribution lines are constantly rich, covering pc, servers, notebooks, storage, scanners, etc.
In 2013, companies responded to the trend of electronic information technology and industrial development, moving forward in cloud computing, and introduced a “Cloud Services” strategy, which included the provision of cloud computing infrastructure construction services.
Since then, the company has increased its research and development investment, launching its own first global cloud computer, Purple 1000, and actively pushing the company from traditional software and information technology service providers to the cloud.
Development phase 3.0: 2016-to date, Xinhua's 3rd Equator of Equipment for the Global Enterprise Network has been acquired to improve the layout of its industrial chain. Since 2013, purple shares have defined the cloud network strategy, focusing on self-research, and build up.
Xinhua III was formally listed in May 2016. Xinhua III’s participation optimized the structure of the public sector’s operations, shifting from the former distribution and supply chain services to the delivery and resolution of its infrastructure.
A new pattern of co-development of programs and distribution services. In 2016, there was an outbreak of growth of 107.56 per cent in revenue collection, especially in the basic architecture services and solutions business, which reached $8.74 billion in 2016, an increase of 1079.62 per cent compared to 2016, driving companies towards cloud service strategies.
In addition to the acquisition of Xinhua San, the company has established several subsidiaries through extended M&As and joint ventures to refine the industrial chain of the IT. Purple shares are used to acquire all the remaining shares of purple digital and purple software in 2016: Purple is the leading distribution service provider for it in China: Purple software is a professional software service provider and system integration.
In the course of the year, Purple Light Western Data Ltd. was set up to provide China with a full-scale data storage solution from quick to large data, and a joint venture company, Purple Light Interconnected Technology Ltd., was set up to develop safe, autonomous and controlled cloud mix solutions for domestic clients, particularly government and state-owned enterprises.
Figure 4: Comparison of the composition of the 2015 and 2018 major businesses 1.2 Reform of the University Enterprise to promote optimization of the equity structure, integrated into the Xinhua Three Help Clouds Network Reform of the University Enterprise to promote optimization of the equity structure. As of August 2019, the company’s first shareholder was Tibet Purple.
On October 26, 2018, Qinghua Holdings intended to transfer 36% of the shares of the Qinghua Holdings to Shenzhen City, a fully funded subsidiary of the Shenzhen National Investment Council.
Holdings Ltd., and has agreed that once the transfer of the equity has been completed, there will be concerted action or arrangement between Cinghua and deep-investment, so that the conditions for the inclusion of the Purple Group in the deep-investment consolidated statement will be met, and so that the deep-investment becomes the ultimate actual controller of the purple-light shares. To date, the transfer of the equity is still under way, with some uncertainty.
With this transfer of equity, it will facilitate more efficient decision-making on important matters. Integration into Xinhua III will improve the strategy of the Xinhua cloud network.
The software for soft and hard integration solutions, the IT distribution giant purple digital, and the second-largest purple western data in the Chinese enterprise-level storage market, and Xinhua 3 (h3c) of the Cloudnet Main Force. Since the Xinhua III takeover in 2016, the company has been integrating its operations and investing more in research and development, and Xinhua 3 has become a member of Xinhua.
Xinhua is the leading provider of digital solutions with computing, storage, network, security, etc. infrastructure that can provide one-stop solutions, including cloud computing, big data, data security, network, artificial intelligence, 5g, full-scale digital platform solutions, and end-to-end technical uniforms.
At the same time, Xinhua San is the exclusive provider of servers, storage, and technology services to the brand of Xinhua. In the digital economy, Xinhua San insists on technological innovation as an engine for development. Currently, Xinhua San has more than 50% of its research and development staff, and as of the end of June 2019, there were more than 10186 patent applications, of which more than 90% were patents for inventions.
The Xinhua Three Farming Industry has been operating around the globe for many years, with products widely used in nearly 100 countries and regions, especially in the Euro-American and North American markets, with customers including Vodafone, Spanish Telecom, Swiss Telecom, Coca-Cola, Dream Factory, Three Two, Xinhua Three: leaders of global digital solutions
2.1 Lead ict, where the competitive edge of the network equipment market is significant, in an era of digitalization 2.1.1 the global network equipment market is booming.
Routers, exchanges of equipment, including switches, routers and wireless network equipment, are basic architecture products required for information construction. Network equipment is classified as telecommunications, enterprise, and consumer according to the field of application.
With the growth in the number of global Internet users, the proliferation of devices connected to the Internet, mobile end and Internet applications, the increase in traffic has led to an explosion of data generated annually worldwide. In recent years, the global network equipment market has shown an overall upward trend, and the rapid growth in data size has led to more data transmission, exchange, and processing.
The demand for network equipment, such as routers, switchboards, and wireless products, has been driven by stringent requirements. In particular, the boom in information technology, such as our big data, cloud computing, and material networking, has opened up new opportunities for the network equipment market, with billions of dollars (approximately RMB 55.45 billion), an increase of 16.4 per cent compared with 2017.
2.1.2 The Xinhua Three Deep Farm Market has been open for many years, and there is a clear competitive advantage in the products, with the H3c brand being at the forefront of the market. The Xinhua Three Deep Farming Enterprise has set up a network for many years and has a strong technical excellence in the R & D, production, and services of its base structure products and programmes.
With the rapid transformation of the digital economy, Xinhua has increasingly enriched its product lines and enhanced its product edge. At present, Xinhua’s product lines cover cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, and are exchanged with the Teethnet.
The market share of machines, routers, wireless (wlans), storage products and servers is at the top of the market. According to data published by idc, in 2018, the company ' s H3c brand products were at the top of the domestic enterprise market, with 33.2%, 27.2% and 31.1% of the switchboards, respectively.
The exchange is a multi-port network device based on a data transfer using a web of data, the main function of which is to transfer data to the target mainframe or network node based on the hardware address received in the data frame. The main players in the domestic business exchange market are China, Xinhua, Xinhua, and Xinhua.
Cisco, Starnet sharpness, and Map. According to idc data, in 2017, the total market share of the cr5 firms in the domestic business level swaps was 93.1%, with a preponderant monopoly. The global exchange market showed clear signs of warming after 2017, especially the China switch market, which has been growing faster, and more so since 2016.
More than 15%. The ict technology is deepening, the flow is growing rapidly, and the deployment of basic networks is increasing, and the switchboard, which is the base of the local area network connection, is the key to supporting the rapid transmission of business applications data. We believe that there is still much room for global and domestic exchange markets without access.
In 2018, Xinhua Xinhua held the second highest market position in China, after China, with 33.2% of the market. 2018q1-q3, the market share of the Xinhua III data centre exchange product was first, with the Chinese region holding more than a third, or 38.3%, of the total number of publicly owned clouds, manufacturers, and corporate data centres.
The company launched the global first 400g platform ' s core data centre switch s12500x-cf for large-scale cloud accounts, or high-performance computing scenes, which are currently the highest industry performance switch. At the same time, the company released the next generation of cowarev9 containerized network operating systems and the 25g/100g data centre program, campus multi-speed melting.
Since 2009, Xinhua has followed the Xinhua III mobile high-end router exchange project six times, and has gained a larger share each year, with a rising product grade. Xinhua III successfully entered the Xinhua III and obtained China's moving high-end route route routers from 2018 to 2019.
The highest share of the machine and switchboard items includes 70% of the high-end routers and three-storey high-end switches, and 30% of the high-end routers and 6 slots. Sustained demand for high-end routers is expected to become a new power point.
The high-end routers are the core equipment for backbone network construction, and for middle- and low-end traditional routers, the high-end routers refer mainly to telecommunications-level routers, with three key features: high reliability, expansion and performance. The infrastructure of the 5g and cloud computing era is accelerating, and the market demand for routers is increasing.
The Xinhua 3-axis high-end server market: in 2018, Xinhua 3 worked in full depth on high-end routers with a high-end tcam chip support from the source, ipv4 and ipv6, with a unique structure that saved up to 70% of the tcam chip on the market.
In 2019, Xinhua III established Semiconductor Technology Ltd. and invested in operating the chip design and development base, with a focus on equipment such as operator equipment, park network, cloud data centre, software definition network, etc.
And Xinhua's clouded cluster router, cr19000, broke through the operator's market and corporate-level high-end core scene and was used on a large scale to move Shanghai, Guangdong, Zhejiang Public Security, the capital airport, etc. As the leading cluster router provider in the industry, China has moved its highest share for two years in a row.
According to idc data, Xinhua San ranked second in the Chinese router market in 2018 at 27.2% of the market share. Xinhua San is active in the core router area and will be reshaping the market pattern in the future.
In 2018, Xinhua San took the top market position at the Chinese Enterprise Wlan, with a market share of 31.3 per cent. Xinhua San was in the top position for 10 years.
In the area of wlan, there are more than 750 patented technologies, and more than 300 landscape products and solutions have been introduced, and solutions have been applied to 100% of the industry. Although 2019 was considered the year of w-fi6, the first wi-fi6 (802.11 ax) ap was introduced in August 2017. Xinhua has been published continuously since April 2019.
802.11ax) The technology's full-scale wireless aap, with complete coverage of top-secret, in-placed panels and outdoors, and a new strategic layout for the next decade. At the same time, Xinhua has integrated the 5g network with the wlan network. Although the current market is not high for Wi-fi6 wireless products, the entire industry chain is still in place.
At present, the Xinhua Three Wireless solution has successfully served users such as the National Theatre, the Capital National Airport, Zhejiang University, major national and international events such as apec, the Youth Olympics, the World Internet Congress, etc.
Xinhua's leading position in the corporate-level wlan market is highlighted by Wireless Networks, China Telecom's 2019 wlan central purchase project, which received the highest share. Figure 15: Global wlan market and acceleration in 2016-2018 (in millions of United States dollars)
Figure 16: Xinhua 3wi-fi6 global scenario product 2.25g drives the re-engineering of sdn/nfv networks to welcome new market opportunities 2.2.1 benefits from 5g and policies, and the network sdn/nfv becomes unstoppable
In June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued 5g commercial licences to China for telecommunications, China for movement, China for connectivity, and China for wide power, and China officially entered 5g commercial year. 5g will be used as a new generation of mobile communication technologies that will meet the global demand for future material networking applications and build a 10,000-dollar structure.
In China's Manufacturing 2025, China proposed a comprehensive breakthrough of 5g technology and a breakthrough in the “core technology and architecture of the future network”; in the 13th Five-Year Plan of Action, it proposed a positive push for 5g development, the layout of the future network architecture, and the launch of 5g commercial by 2020.
Launched the report Mobiles Networking in the Future 5g, noting that the use of nb-iot/emtc as the representative mobile object network (m-iot) is part of the strategy for the future 5g object network.sdn (software definition network) and nfv (network virtualization) are the core network architecture of the 5g network.sdn
Born at Stanford Laboratories, it is a new network architecture that separates the control level of the network equipment from the transmission level and centralizes the control level of the programable software. Its essence is to softwareize the network and improve its programming capacity and adaptability. The main features of sdn are the control transmission separation, programming interfaces, central control.
nfv refers to the virtualization of the operator ' s hardware network element through a common server and software that integrates the network ' s communications function to a common x86 server, switchboard and store hardware, and provides virtualized data level to replace private and specialized network element equipment, which is essentially a generic software device that shares hardware infrastructure.
Nfv is characterized by a reduction in the cost of deploying, managing and maintaining the network while providing better flexibility and agility. As both target devices are servers and switches, both want to re-establish the network through virtual technology, nfv and sdn have complementary functions and can be integrated. sdn/nfv is the gateway to 5g network innovation.
Keys, allowing a qualitative leap in efficiency, programming and flexibility for the 5g core network, is expected to reach a large-scale application in the future Chinese city. Figure 17: Future network architecture based on sdn/nfv
Figure 18: Sdn and nfv have different concerns in the Osi agreement, and the three major operators are actively deploying the sdn/nfv network. Sdn has virtual and open features that favour the intelligent and open development of the telecommunications operator network, which can be well adapted to the needs of the future network.
In 2015, Cube-net 2.0 was proposed, new technological elements such as sdn/nfv, cloud computing and hyperbroadband networks were introduced, and network re-engineering was carried out. In 2016, China Telecom proposed ctnet2025, using sdn/nfv as technology catcher, making a 10-year network.
The re-engineering plan is aimed at building new networks, which are expected to be clouded by 2020-2025, and to be programmed and used on demand through sdn/nfv. China moved in 2015 to present novonet 2020, hoping to integrate new technologies such as nfv, sdn, and build one.
A new network with global resource movement, full open capacity, flexible capacity and flexible architecture. Telecommunications clouds are created through network software to build a new data centre, and the four mobile data centres in China are currently structured using sdn+nfv.
In recent years, the Nfv industry has become relatively mature, and the deployment of commercial Nfv solutions by large global telecommunications operators has continued, particularly in the Nfv market for domestic telecommunications operators, and is expected to accelerate growth in 2019-2020.
And the complexity of traditional networks has greatly increased the use of sdn in global networks, thus expanding demand for sdn. The current Chinese market in sdn has the following characteristics: (1) users are thinking about how to use it instead of “use it”; (2) the need for a landscape that combines business characteristics is becoming stronger; and (3) applications are growing towards cloudy, sd-wan.
Solutions are becoming more and more focused: (4) nfv is playing an increasingly prominent role in the re-engineering of business networks. According to UNIDROIT, China’s market size reached 970 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 36.6% from last year, and is still growing at a high rate in the coming years, with market size expected to reach 631 billion yuan by 2023.
Institution ihsmarkit projects that by 2020 the market size of Nfv will be $15.5 billion. Figure 19: China ' s market size and speed of sdn (software) forecast for 2016-2023. 2.2.2 Xinhua 3-si-si-si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si.
Xinhua has been in the field of sdn/nfv for many years. Xinhua has been in the field of sdn/nfv since 2012, entering the field of technology R & D and practice for the first time. Exchange products have been made available to China through numerous sdn certifications, s6800 series and s5130-hi series of sdn switchboards.
v1.3 Agreement Consistency Certification Test, which provides Xinhua 's 3nd Dragon status. At present, Xinhua can provide a full set of solutions from sdn devices, sdn controllers, sdn business layout, sdn application to sdn management. Application-driven data centre solution ad-dc2.0 is certified online through the sdn test authentication centre to demonstrate that Xinhua is on Xinhua's side.
Sdn has the status of industry poles in the field. In 2018, the Chinese user satisfaction rating for World Wide News, the company ' s sdn software was ranked first in terms of industry software product satisfaction: for the third year in a row, it maintained the country ' s share of the sdn/nfv, which was favoured by three major operators, winning several projects. In 2014, the Chinese Trinsdn controller successfully won the bid in China.
In 2015 Xinhua San assisted China to move to build its first sdn commercial project in Jiangxi; and in 2017, the Chinese mobile private cloud pool sdn system procurement project, the Xinhua three-pointed China China China China’s China China China China China’s third-pointer, became the provider of equipment for the first ip network sdn controller in China.
In the fourth quarter, Xinhua San entered China with the largest share of the Xinhua-China Connected Connectivity Common Hardware Collection project, the first large-scale, Nfv-based, mobile core network project of domestic operators, demonstrating the advantages of Xinhua-San in the area of nfv. In 2018, Xinhua-Sinhua-Sinjiang-Sin-Shun-Shun-Shun-Sin-Shu, Xin-Sin-Shu, demonstrated Xinhua-Shun, Xinhua-Shun, Xin-Shun, Xin-Sin-Shu, demonstrated Xin-Shun, Xin-Shun, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, Xin-Siang, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
Lei China Telecom nfv has made an innovative breakthrough, completing the first three-layer decoupling network experiment in the country. Figure 22: Xinhua 3 winning bid sdn/nfv in January 2018, Xinhua 3 at 45%
Xinhua's third sdn switch, China's upper mark, March 2014
The controller and the sdn cloud network have been integrated with the apps of the Middle-Sushu Research and Development Center 2018-2019.
In 2015, Xinhua San assisted in the development of a new project sdn (software)
Completion of the country's first three-storey decoupling project, the three-sdn controller and the solution, and China's move to build it in Jiangxi.
In October 2017, Xinhua San was the largest.
In October 2014, the Chinese Trisdn controller won the China Connectivity Project.
The successful winning China Mobile Communications Research Institute, which was purchased centrally with hardware, is a domestic operation with a cloud pool in phase II, phase one, of the sdn system.
Bridget lab sdn controller equipment was the first large-scale procurement project using Nfv technology, the largest data centre.
The Xinhua three-way view continues to make a breakthrough in the field of sdn/nfv. The Xinhua three companies have continued to improve the competitiveness of the sdn solution by introducing a data centre, a park network, within the framework of the ad-net solution.
A series of solutions tailored to different scenarios and business characteristics in the wide-area application-driven series has created a new network architecture for clients that connects from data centres to business and the enterprise-wide network, making a digital transformation of business through the construction of digital networks.
In terms of the re-establishment of the network of operators, companies have helped complete the commercial department of the Ministry of Finance, Government, operators, education, and enterprise. In terms of the virtualization of the network of operators, companies have helped to complete the business department of the Ministry of Finance, Jiangsu Telecommunications, Zhejiang Telecommunications, and Jiangxi Telecommunications, among others, which has achieved a commercial scale of 1.4 million businesses in Jiangsu.
Breaking the nfv performance bottlenecks and accelerating the commercialization of the nfv products and programmes. 2.35g small base station vent has arrived, enabler deployment 5g scale deployment 2.3.1 co-deployment with the macro base, and small base stations are on the rise
The base station is a base station on a tower, large in size, with a large number of users, wide in scope, and usually up to tens of kilometres. And the small base station (smallcell) is supplemented by a base station, which is based on product patterns, launch power, coverage, etc., compared to traditional macros.
A much smaller base station device. It can also be considered low power. WiFi can use either a licensed frequency or a wireless access point using a non-licensed frequency access technology, usually at 50mw-5w, with 10-and-over coverage. It is difficult, costly, stationary in high frequency areas above 6ghz, traditional macrostations for extensive depth coverage.
The site resources are not easily available, so the macro-based stations will no longer be used in high-frequency areas, and the micro-bee nests will be mainstreamed in the form of super-intensity-based networks with small-scale stations as the basic units. And small-scale stations will have low power and low distance from frequency jamming signals, thus increasing the frequency density within the unit space, and small-scale stations will have the advantage of small size and flexible deployment.
Since 2007, small base stations have taken the lead in American commerce, and in countries like Europe and America, there has been a rapid rise in foreign demand for small base stations. For example, in 2018, the United States fcc decided to simplify the process of licensing and selecting sites for the 5g base station, hoping for 2025.
Eight hundred thousand 5g base stations were deployed. For a variety of reasons, the domestic market for small base stations will also be at a turning point. First, more than 70% of the 5g operations will take place indoors, with the small base serving as a hot spot, and the country’s first 5g airport, the 5g subway station, the 5g train station, the 5g smart hotel, etc. are based on the 5g base station.
Second, in the future, the intensive network, small base performance innovation, flexible deployment, etc., will lead to a well blow-out development of small base stations. 2.3.2 Xinhua 3x5g substations, with new performance growth points, will be used in the future.
The number of 5g small base stations is expected to be tens of millions in the Chinese market. China Telecom and China Mobile have now launched a 5g indoor base station design programme, with head enterprises forming a comprehensive solution for 5g small indoor and outdoor base stations covering the 5g main frequency. For technical reasons, the 5g base station layout will be closer.
It is expected to reach 1.2 to 1.5 times the number of 4g base stations and 5 million 5g base stations. In order to reduce costs, the deployment of small base stations will also accelerate, the distance of small base stations will be reduced to only 10 to 20 metres, and the size of small base stations is expected to increase significantly, which will double the size of 5g base stations, and the capacity of small base stations is expected to reach 10 to 25 million, on a single basis.
The size of the field will stimulate the market dynamism of the country’s small base stations. Figure 26: The macro and small base station layout plans Xinhuazo achieved a technological breakthrough and a 5g base station market turn-over.
During the puncture period, Xinhua schizophrenics, based on their long-term wii-fi capabilities and accumulation of technology in the field of vents and frequencies, have been able to see the 5g small base station, based on the Intelfluxran reference frame and the open wireless access (o-ran) concept, using the open white box, for the first time in 2019.
Base stations, fighting with traditional equipment dealers in the market for small base stations, will facilitate the rapid promotion of white box base station technology at the official white box base station of 5 g, allowing bbu white boxing with rru white boxing. The bbu white boxing is based on a universal server ' s strap processing, introducing hardware and software decoupling, enabling the IT manufacturer to join and universalize hardware;
The white boxing of rru will bring about an approximation of the key device selection by sharing hardware design among equipment dealers, lowering the market threshold for small base stations and increasing the flexibility of the system. Faced with the super-larger market space for small base stations, the positive and forward layout of Xinhua three-to-five-g base stations will take over a new round of commercial blue sea, with new growth in corporate performance emerging as a new breakthrough point.
2.4 In the age of 2.0, the Digital Brain programme has been able to provide 100-per-cent computing capacity, and the cloud transformation has become a necessary trend. Clouds are an important component of the new information infrastructure and an entry point for the digitalization of services for political and business enterprises.
The Ministry of Industry and Communications has launched the Guide to Promoting the Implementation of Corporate Clouds (2018-2020), which is an inevitable trend in the future, with four main trends: (1) cloud service providers offering full cloud services to respond to the diversity needs of enterprises, supporting public, private cloud, cloud-mixed cloud-manufacturing patterns, and providing on-line and off-line delivery patterns; (2) cloud openings.
The advantage is evident in the gradual commercialization of the software integrated cloud development platform, with the following points: (3) cloud computing is closely aligned with border computing to match the various demand scenarios, creating a distributed cloud of "cloud + synergize": (4) industrial intelligence is being developed by domestic firms through cloud + intelligence. The digital economy of our country is flourishing.
The Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology (CIA) released data showing that in 2018, the total market size of the country’s cloud was 96.28 billion yuan, increasing the rate of penetration by a mere 5-7%.
By 2022, the market will still be growing rapidly, reaching $173.1 billion by 2022; private cloud will reach $117.2 billion a year. The second largest market research institute in the world, Marketsandmarkets, reports that the global cloud computing market will be $272 billion in 2018, and that this number is expected to grow by 2023.
By $623.3 billion, the combined annual growth rate for the forecast period (cagr) was 18.0 per cent.
The growth in global data volume explosion and the rise of cloud computing have greatly contributed to the development of data centres by the Internet giants. According to the latest synergyresearch, 430 megadata centres were created in 2018, with only 8% in China.
The mega-data centres will be the backbone of our future data centre construction, with multiple upgrades in our idc market. Although the q1 server industry dropped by 66.25 million in 2019, in the long run, cloud computing will flourish, the demand for the ai server that is brought about by the acceleration of the application and the 5g commercial boost.
Some of the leading factors, such as rising demand for marginal servers, will allow industry to return to the fast track after a short period of steady growth. Figure 30: Distribution of mega-data centres worldwide in 2018
The sds block storage market is number one, leading to the development of the sds block storage market. The rapid growth of cloud computing, big data, and mobile Internet networks will increase the size of the storage market. According to idc, China's defined storage market will grow at an average annual compound rate of 22.4 per cent between 2018 and 2023, and can reach $2.25 billion by 2023.
Research data from gartner: about 40% of enterprise data are currently stored in a horizontally extended enterprise data centre or cloud data centre, which will be over 80% by 2022. The future sds block storage market will have great potential. 2018q1-q3, Xinhua San is ranked first in the Chinese sds block storage market, ranking the overall external storage market.
In the first three years, the same-year growth rate is the first of all mainstream storage providers. The storage mode is Xinhua San, a software-defined storage solution for business-level users for five years, covering a wide range of industries such as government, education, business, electricity, finance, and operators. In 2019, Xinhua III produced 10,000g3 unistorx.
Pulse sds block storage market, 3par series flash market, where the integrated infosight merges with the i to open the intellectual storage age. Xinhua’s mid-point Beijing University storage system procurement project in 2019 and China moved 2019 distributed file storage product collections.
In the future, Xinhua San will lead the development of China’s sds block storage market with a forward-looking layout. Leading the global server market, increasing research and development, and breaking down its own server product.
According to the report released by idc, 209q1, hpe/Xinhua is ranked second in the 17.8% share of income. According to Xinhua, the standard industrial server of the Xinhua brand covers the racks, towers, blade servers, the full coverage of mainstream business needs such as big data, virtualization, cloud computing, etc., and meets the needs of domestic users for safe and controlled applications.
With 43.1% and 34.2% market share, Blade servers have won both sales and sales. As one of the key digital infrastructure of the Digital Brain Project, Xinhua Swords Servers has continued to support the digital transformation of the 100% industry.
h3uniserverr 8900g3, awarded the 2018 Red Point Design Award. It combines the artificial intelligence development platform aios, which Xinhua has developed autonomously, enabling artificial intelligence scenes, and accelerates the full range of artificial intelligence applications. Data are available for US$ 1 billion, with a combination growth rate of more than 30% annually. With Xinhua's channel advantage, the future one server will become a public one.
2.4.3 Xinhua III is committed to autonomous innovation, cloud-platform services, and Xinhua San is well ahead of the market share of cloud-platform products.
China’s first country-owned virtualization platform, China’s first market for super-integrated infrastructure for two years in a row. Second, Xinhua San has more than 5,000 users in the cloud field.
Production platforms and solutions for cloud computing, super-integrated and intelligent+ applications. The main product packages of the current cloud computing series include H3ccas virtualization platform, H3ccloudos full-storage cloud operating system, H3cuis-cell 3,000 super-mixing machine, H3clud distributed storage system. Xinhua Three Focused Wisdom Data, 2019.
The market share is expected to rise as a result of abc (ai, bigdata, cludputing) integration platform — the digitization operating system of cludos 5.0 has matured into a commercial business. The h3ccas virtualization platform is a corporate-level virtualization software and cloud built for a corporate data centre that is developed independently of the data centre.
Computation management software, with such advantages as page brevity, harmonization of management resources, reduction of the complexity of the int environment and management costs, provides a wide range of services to clients such as government, business, universities, etc.
In 2018, the virtualization market in China reached 3.13 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of up to 19.8 per cent. In the last five years, the market has been growing at a rate of nearly 20 per cent, and is expected to reach a market size of 448 million yuan by 2023. The market share of the Xinhua virtualization platform was 19.4 per cent, according to World Wide Information.
For the fourth year in a row, China has the second largest share of virtualized servers and the first share of the country's product plate, and the market share is 2.4.4 in the industrial era, enjoying the expansion of the market as a result of the expansion of demand.
According to data from the China Information and Communications Institute, in 2018, the market was 37.08 billion yuan, and the total coverage of the country's 31 provincial and sub-prefectures is now 75%. In the 13th Five-Year Plan, the construction of the intelligent government and the cloud system has been put on the agenda.
Angbek, Inner Mongolia, Jiangsu, Shandong, among others, are also deepening the “Internet + Government Service” to advance the “Leave Services” reform. Speeding up the deployment of the political cloud and the prospects for the future of the political cloud market are promising.
Among them, the construction model Sichuan is a cloud monitoring platform, multiple cloud service provider platforms, multisector integration platforms and a cloud preparedness platform, which opens up a model for innovation and innovation, with the award of 2019 China's Open-ended Clouds for Effectiveness Applications.
Figure 39: The size and forecast of China’s political cloud market for 2017-2021 In-depth industrial cloud, priority is given to benefiting from rising market demand. In the area of financial cloud, the country’s financial cloudization process has been moving at a remarkable pace since 2018.
So far, the company has taken over financial sector data centres such as four major banks, three insurance companies, and has provided cloud service solutions for financial institutions such as China Futures and Exchange and Asian Investment Banks. In 2018, the China Pacific Insurance Core Production Clouds, and the People’s Bank of China’s General Clearinghouse produced hybrids.
In the area of educational clouds, Xinhua has built 300+ campus clouds, 200+ provincial, municipal, district and district education cloud data centres and participated in the development of 50,000+ primary and secondary school campus information.
According to idc, the total volume of medical information in the country is expected to be $4,301 million by 2020. Xinhua San is a leader in the field of medical clouds, and the vast market space will further benefit the company.
In 2019, Xinhua III released the Digital Brain Plan, which introduced a new concept of 4+n, namely, Xinhua San to provide intelligent digital platforms and partner n eco-applications, of which “4” represents an intelligent digital platform that is the core building block, including digital infrastructure that evolves into endogenous intelligence, the industry that is the core engine for digital transformation.
Capacity platforms, proactive security for intelligence-driven information protection, and a unified operating dimension that provides full-store intelligence security for the environment. "n" represents the ability to apply intelligence, and Xinhua San uses his strengths to work closely with partners to create an ecosystem for the application of intelligence.
Chart 41: The Xinhua Three Digital Brain Program, the Xinhua Three Star Product abc integration platform, will take root in cloud computing. Xinhua III has published seven products for the digital brain program. Of these, the latest product of the Xinhua Integration Platform is: h3c
Cloudos 5.0. The digital operating system further integrates innovative technologies such as cloud computing, ai, big data, iot, etc., absorbs the landscape of 100-state industry clouds, helps businesses to become more agile, flexible, and efficient by integrating clouds, and promotes the full clouding of their critical business. The Xinhua three-abc integration platform has become a political cloud.
In many areas, such as virtualization, cloud management platforms, the country’s first brand has more than 9,000 applications in government, business, education, finance, energy, industry, agriculture, media, transport, etc. Digital brain programs are beginning to work, and will expand the market. Xinhua has set itself as a digital solution.
Xinhua, with the launch of the Digital Brain Project, will be able to accelerate the construction of a digital brain across the board in five areas: technology integration innovation, cooperative model innovation, service upgrading, digital talent development, and digital ecological platforms. The digital brain is now focused on government, education, transport, health, finance, and business.
In the future, the price of Xinhua is based on a full-scale cloud platform, bringing together a variety of technologies and cloud scenery capabilities, such as ai, big data, lot, to create a platform for integrating and integrating abc and accelerating the digital transformation of enterprises. Figure 43: The digital brain is on the ground in government, cities, etc.
Figure 44: Digital brain is on the ground in the medical field 2.5 Information security opens up a trillion-dollar market, Xinhua three active security systems 2.5.1 Technology, policy two-way, information security is approaching a strategic opportunity period
The global information security situation is critical, and our information security industry will enter a period of rapid development. In recent years, global cyber security threats have continued to grow in an explosive fashion, with major information security incidents occurring around the globe, a severe international information security environment, and especially in the age of connectivity, where cloud safety and physical safety will become a major disaster for information security.
Developed countries, including Germany, have national information security strategies to maintain cyberspace and information security. Our information security industry accounts for less than the size of the global information security industry, and the overall level of development is low. According to idc, the proportion of global information security investment in 2016 was 3.74%, compared to 3.74% in 2016.
China's share is only 1.84%, less than 1/2% of the global level, and there is much room for industry to grow. At present, China is the second largest country in the world to spend on cybersecurity, although there are gaps in the global average, but it has entered a period of rapid development.
The data show that the size of China ' s information security market in 2018 was 495.2 billion yuan, a 20.9 per cent increase over the previous year, and that it is far above the global growth rate of about 8 per cent, with China ' s information security market projected to be close to 92.680 billion yuan in 2021, with great potential for the future of the information security market.
In 2014, the Central Network Security and Informatization Leadership Group was established, with a view to national security and long-term development, and coordinated and coordinated cyber security in all economic, political, cultural and military spheres.
The implementation of the Cybersecurity Act of June 2017, which provides legal safeguards for the construction of secure cyberspace, and the launch in May 2019 of the Basic Requirements for the Security Phase of the Information Security Technology Network, which marks the beginning of a new era in the protection of national cybersecurity levels.
The range of categories of protected objects is based on traditional systems that expand cloud computing, mobile interconnection, object networking, big data, and are expected to release the huge demand space in the domestic cybersecurity market and contribute significantly to the development of the country’s cybersecurity-related industries. Traditional security protection systems are weak, active security is the future.
Security systems are not effective against fast-evolving cyberattacks, leaving business-level users in a passive position to defend against cyberattacks. Because of the lack of integrated planning for the development of traditional security systems, the lack of a coordinated response between security components, static defensive strategies, and the lack of effective and efficient services, we cannot effectively withstand rapid evolution.
The core concept of active security includes the three dimensions of total storage, intent, and enablement, from security data collection, security numbers, to analysis, and security synergies. This will be an important part of our strategy for cyberspace, and it will be more tangible.
Figure 48: Core concept of active security. 2.5.2 Shares the industrial development dividend. Xinhua III opens up a large safety “industry year”
Xinhua San sits on the first echelons in the area of information security. Xinhua San currently has more than 1,000 IT-wide proprietary technologies that provide nearly 300 product and professional security advisory and assessment teams with the most comprehensive safety delivery capability in the industry, serving a wide range of key sectors such as government, finance, business, education, etc.
In the third quarter statistics released by gartner in 2018, Xinhua's three firewalls, idps, load balances, etc., have the highest growth rate worldwide, nearly 50%. In the case of three major operators, firewalls, ips, load equals, the first share of the integrated market continues to be maintained.
In addition, for the first time, load-equilibrium equipment passed by $3 billion, the first share of the full-scale segment. There are significant advantages in government and industry collections, with eight major types of 17 network products in total.
Proactive safety is the first concept to be developed and a system of active safety products quickly constructed. 2018 Fertilizer Network Security Congress, Xinhua San, has launched an active security system that marks the completion of Xinhua San's active security system of "proactive discovery, early warning, smart analysis, and timely response." Three strategies correspond to three broad categories of products: full-scale testing.
Type, with end safety, full-flow probes, and advanced threat detection products; state-of-the-art state-of-the-art perception systems, upgraded to version 2.0 on last year's basis; cloud-side enablers to release two products: a cloud cloud and a cloud wall.
Xinhua has built up a system of active safety products, supported by three capabilities: security big data, security ai and safety sdn, and key technologies such as connecting the next generation of firewalls, security nfv, data security protection, ipv6 security gateways, new generation dpi engines and cloud safety.
Chart 49: The Xinhua Three Active Security System product embraces artificial intelligence and publishes the industry's first-ever i-wall. At the 2019 Navigate Pilot Summit, the Xinhua Three Group launched a series of new i-walls.
The gpu+doucpu+ai modular architecture, with a superb computing capability of trillions per second, with three main features: perception, learning, and intellectual action, can support nearly 100 safety ai models. At the same time, the i firewall is capable of combining smart security solutions, working with the whole network and cloud protection, integrating high density integration, transport streamlining, and making it all web-wide.
The release of the i firewall is expected to establish its first position in the industry, marking an overall upgrading of Xinhua III's information security capabilities in the field of intelligence, and leading to the introduction of active security protection into the new age of intelligence. In addition, the H3csecpathf50x0 series of firewalls received the next generation of firewall technology excellence in 2018.
Vpn access, data centres, export security for large companies, etc., have been widely applied to these applications. Chart 50: h3csepathm9000-ai-e16 Firewall Energy Cloud Safety Solutions, Prospective. Xinhua San and Digital Shields, 2018.
In 2019, at the rsa conference, “Cloud Safety” was the top of the list, and cloud security has become the focus of global attention. With the experience of years of cloud-building, Xinhua has developed a technology build-up in the areas of networking and security.
Ideas and cloud safety solutions. Multi-dimensional protection creates safety and security for cloud network integration, creating cloud platforms with improved safety capabilities. The project "New Generation Security Protection System for Cloud-based Services" was successfully selected for work. The Ministry of Information released the "Scope Security Technology Application Pilot Demonstration Project", which has already been successful in a number of enterprises, such as the Purple Clouds.
Deployment, which will be applied in the future in the fields of government, industry, education, finance, etc. Xinhua and dozens of universities, research institutions, and dozens of safety manufacturers specializing in the area of segmentation, are now working together to form a security union with over 10,000 partners.
3. Focusing on value-added distribution and system integration is two major operations: Purple Digital for Distribution Big, which is an integrated supply chain service provider under the three operational segments of the Purple Group.
In 1999, Qinghua Purple Light started the HP distribution business, establishing a “value-added distribution business group”, in 2006 split from the company value-added distribution business into Purple Digital Co. Ltd., in 2012, in collaboration with the Suzhou municipality, established the Purple Digital Group Ltd., and in 2016 the Purple Light shares acquired the purple light digital as their fully-owned subsidiary.
Digital includes three main service platforms: IT distribution, supply chain finance, and intelligent logistics, which are integrated supply chain service networks that provide one-stop, stereotypic solutions for upstream and downstream firms, channels, and industry customers in the supply chain. Focusing on value-added distribution, the channel advantage is clear.
Cisco, Samsung, and other well-known foreign and domestic IT manufacturers are important partners in the Chinese district, providing suppliers with services such as channel distribution, value-added distribution, industry direct supply, system integration, program integration, etc., with product coverage of data centres, network infrastructure, servers, etc.
The period of in-depth collaboration has resulted in the accumulation of data from thousands of SME channel partners, providing custom-made gold-mixing services up and down the supply chain. The Purple Logistics Branch currently operates more than 60 high-value warehouses in more than 30 cities across the country, with a national storage area of more than 500,000 square metres.
The supply chain management and marketing services are constantly optimized, with significant competitive advantages. After many years of development, purple numbers have built a mature and diversified marketing network covering the entire country.
There are 3 main headquarters, 13 platforms + 33 offices, and more than 50 warehouses in nearly 30 cities, forming a developed marketing network covering the country’s large, medium-sized cities, with radiation to the level IV-VI market. The digital purple modern stereo warehouse and transport system in the country’s second- and third-line cities, with logistics capacity of more than 600 cities.
3.2 Purple software: software systems and integration operations were established early to provide soft and hard integration solutions. Purple software was established in 2001 as a high-tech company specialized in system integration, software development and operation maintenance from Purple software, focusing on clouds.
The Pre-Obligation Group ranks first in China and second in the world in the area of classification of enterprise-level IT services. Purple software uses cloud meters, big data, artificial intelligence, and other advanced technologies to combine industrial applications in intelligent cities, security, education, transport, etc.
There are high-quality and complete solutions in many areas, such as finance, and core clients include government, banks, energy, etc. The public sector has taken over solutions such as the largest national electricity grid digital library in the country, the snowlight project on the south shore in Chongqing, human face, smart food, smart cities, etc.
4. Business structures continue to be optimized, research and development inputs continue to be added to Xinhua San, business structures continue to be optimized, and Xinhua is expected to continue to perform upwards in 2019.
The growth in income and net profits has been relatively rapid, mainly because in May 2016, the company joined Xinhua III to improve the chain layout of the company ' s IT industry, to promote the strategic layout of the company ' s cloud network, and there has been an upsurge in business income and net profit growth, as evidenced by the company ' s revenue of $8.74 billion in basic architecture services and solutions in 2016, an increase of 1079.62 per cent over the same period.
In 2016, the company generated 27.710 billion yuan, an increase of 107.56 per cent, a net profit of 815 million yuan, and a net return profit of 2,490 million yuan, compared with $234 million for the purple digit returns, so that Xinhua III is the net profit owner. After three years of integration, we believe that business synergies are growing and marketing platforms are becoming more efficient.
In 2018, the Māori ratio was 19.79%, a decrease of 1.56%, and the net interest rate of 5.05%, an increase of 0.76%.
Income from supply chain services was $30.6 billion, or 62.23 per cent, and revenue from basic infrastructure services and solutions was $21.684 billion, or 44.89 per cent. The higher rate of revenue from H3c equipment and industry cloud solutions was decreasing, and the higher Māori business share was expected to increase the company’s follow-up rate.
Increased demand for cloud services has helped to drive corporate business development and enhance corporate performance. 4.2 Fees control has had a clear effect, strong R & D genetics have continued to lead, cost structures have been optimized and management has been highly effective.
A 0.55% decrease in usage and a 0.19% decrease in financial costs. Overall, both management costs and sales costs are increasing at a lower rate than the recovery rate, with strong management effects.
Significant results have been achieved, product lines have been enriched, and many home-grown technology-led solutions have been introduced to guide sustainable innovation in market applications. R & D investment reached 3,323 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 9.0 per cent over the previous year. The real cost of R & D is about 15 per cent without the impact of corporate distribution. Companies have multiple R & D centres with 45 per cent R & D staff.
Of these, over 50% of Xinhua's research and development staff are affiliated with Xinhua, and more than 90% of the total number of patents currently applied by companies are invention patents. In 2018, the National Post-Doctoral Research Station was approved and won the Ministry of Science and Technology's high-end network, a major research and development project, and was awarded the China Big Data Excellence Award of the Association of Data Centres of the Institute of Information and Communications.
208 China Electronic Information Fair (CEI) awards. Figure 62: Research and development personnel and percentages of companies. Figure 61: Corporate R&D expenditure
(i) 17 BASIC products services and solutions: In the context of the emergence of a deep and new economic model based on the digital transformation of enterprises, new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, marginal computing, which are being applied by an increasing number of users, the growing demand for big data interaction and processing, we believe that companies are facing an increasing number of problems.
In recent years, it has been relatively stable at over 35% of base-structure product services and resolutionrs, in line with the general profitability of medium- and high-end enterprise-level network equipment. (ii) The distribution of its products and supply chain services: this component has been divided mainly into domestic and foreign branding agents for distribution and supply.
In two parts of the response chain, foreign branding may have some negative impact on corporate agency distribution as equipment, such as domestic servers, continues to sink, assuming that entry into the development of foreign brands will have a relatively stagnant effect on the company’s overall profit structure. Given the relatively small contribution of this sector to the company’s profits, its business development will have little impact on the company’s overall profit structure, it assumes.
The increase in revenue from product distribution and supply chain service operations from 2019 to 2021 was 7 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, offset by a combination of (iii) Māori: the possible overlap between the company ' s accounting caliber and some of its operations required a combination of public revenue, based on the assumption that it was distributed as a share of total supply chain service operations
On the basis of a declining case, we believe that the combined offsetting share of total revenue will continue to decline and that the projected construction of 5g will fall short of expectations. The above-mentioned key assumptions and performance projections are based on the fiveg construction basis, which would affect the accuracy of the company’s future performance projections if the 5g is not.
Some of the company’s key metadata are highly dependent on foreign imports, and if the Chinese-American trade friction increases, there will be disadvantages at the supply chain level, affecting overall performance.