The steady growth of new contracts in the first half of the year will strongly support future performance.
This represents a decrease of 8.9 per cent over the same period; 6.33 million square metres in contract sales, a decrease of 3.3 per cent over the same period; 82.37 billion yuan in new contracts for infrastructure, a decrease of +10.0 per cent over the same period; and 6.4 billion yuan for new contracts for survey design, a decrease of -11.1 per cent over the same period.
Real estate maintains a leading position in the industry. In the real estate business, the contract sales were $174.5 billion in January-June, i.e. -8.9 per cent of the year; the contract sales were 6.33 million square metres, i.e. -3.3 per cent of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company acquired 5.2 million square metres of new land reserves, which at the end of the period amounted to 76.27 million square metres, with abundant soil reserves. Overall, the company’s real estate business is robust and demonstrates the company’s competitive power and operational resilience under the industry’s cycle.
The value of dividends is high, the dividends are attractive. Companies value dividends to investors, and since they have been listed, they are highly valued and attractive in low-interest-rate environments.
Summing up and recommending investments: As a global leader in construction, companies have performed well compared to the weekly downswings in recent years in real estate and construction. New contracts have been growing steadily during the year, particularly in capital construction, and will strongly support future performance.
The model industry is ahead of the curve, operating as a firm, and the reverse market is expected to raise the market rate even further. The company’s performance of 2025q1 is positive for the same year, and its performance in the second half of the year can be sustained. At the same time, for many years, the company has stabilized its dividends, with a higher rate of dividends, and it is attractive.
Impairment is higher than expected. Corporate market share increases and performance increases are lower than expected. Note: “Market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board reference point is three indexes.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.