Tianxian Life: stripping away the entire vaccine asset, taking over a thousand tons of blood products a year, and selling 100% of the shares of North Institute and selling them to Chinese shares for $402.9 million in cash.
Changchun prays for 51% of the shares: Meanwhile, the subsidiary under the flag, Chengdu Yong, buys a $360 million share in the pharmaceutical industry group to take a real step in resolving competition among its peers and waits for the injection of three blood products from Wuhan, Lanzhou and Shanghai.
In order to resolve the contradiction between the ongoing competition for vaccines and blood products between Tiantai and Wuhanjio, Lanzhou, Shanghai and Guizhou, the Tiantai shares of Tianjin and the major shareholders had made a commitment in March 2011 to eliminate other businesses in the system from the Tianxian organisms within five years.
In 2016, due to the difficulty of divestiture, evaluation and document numbers, qualification changes, etc., the commitment was extended until March 15, 2018. This major asset restructuring pre-empts competition in the vaccine industry, strips the company of its entire vaccine business and gives it a central share, and takes a real step forward.
Three of Wuhan’s asset audits, stripping, etc., will soon start the second step in the trade in three blood products like Wu Han, which will be converted into a pure blood industry, where the carrier of blood products, whose annual slurry amounts to more than 1,000 tons, is about to go into water.
In 2016, after the Shandong vaccine incident, the company’s vaccine business deteriorated further, and the company’s running of the vaccine class II vaccine went to a loss.
The company now owns 18 single plasma stations with an annual slurry of 584.24 tons (the same in 2015), this injection of Guizhou tons, Lanzhou (87.61 tons), and the company has completed the resolution of competition issues involving vaccines and blood products.
Then, 45 slurry stations (2016) and 1022.61 tons of annual slurry will be larger than Shanghai Hailes (33, 800 tons) and Huallan organisms (23, 720 tons) and will be the largest slurry station in the industry, as well as the largest slurch. In addition, the company plans to increase its efforts through accumulated government resources.
By the end of the 13th century, it is planned that by the end of the 13th century, 600 tons of extra-exploitation slurry will be achieved.
The market value of the haemorrhagic products is currently 60 million yuan (refer to the amount of plasma extracted throughout 2015) and the market value of the biomass is only about 38 million yuan, the highest in the industry.
One of the low-sized blood companies, the Chinese Biotons, has a market value of $48 million, and we believe that, after stripping out the lost vaccine assets, the value of the T-tons returned to the average industry value of the expected value.
After the sale of the vaccine assets, the company became a pure blood company, and we believe that the amount of slurry is a key factor in determining the future value of the blood company, with reference to the market value of the Chinese biomass plasma at 48 million yuan.
Wang Fenghua: Master of Science at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.