q3 Increases in the sale of film and the expansion of overseas production to improve the combined supply capacity of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, with a three-quarter increase in the sales of the film and a narrow profit from the price of the film products.
The production ring ratio has risen, and the production rate of the membrane industry has increased: in the last three quarters of 23 years, the company’s photo-voltaic market was about 1.6 billion flat, with sales in the third quarter close to 630 million flat, with sales growing by more than 24% ring, up from a record high. On the price side, the price of the membrane in July was the lowest in the first three quarters, affecting quarterly average prices and profits;
After two price adjustments to the film in August, profits were gradually restored, and the profit was raised to $1 plus in September. We calculated that three quarters of the company’s photovoltaic membrane flat profit was 0.8 to 0.85, which is a decline in the ring ratio.
The Pyramid Technology Reform Project, Thailand ' s annual production of 250 million permolecre and the planned expansion of the 30 million Viet Nam slab project, and the build-up of capacity, combined with some of Thailand ' s original production capacity, are expected to result in the company ' s 30 million sqp in South-East Asia by the end of this year and early next year, with backboards with 30 million sqp., providing two support packages for local assembly production bases.
The business of new materials continues to advance. The company’s photoreser membrane has remained largely flat in the lower industry trend for the last three quarters, and the client structure has continued to optimize.
The support membrane continues to be developed for differentiated products, is recognized by downstream customers, and continues to be active in industrial applications such as water treatment. Taken together, the company’s new material product business is moving well.
The pool assembly has increased the share of the poe-type membrane. We expect the risks of a compound increase in the company ' s net profit over the next three years; increased competition in the industry, the risk of a rapid fall in prices; and the risk of policy change. Forster (603806): the membrane profit ring continues to be raised.
2. Foster (2023-08-26): The production of backboards has increased, and the annual sales of photo-voltaic membrane have been 2.1 billion flat, 2.5 billion flat and 3 billion flat, respectively.
Assumption 2: the demand for photovoltaic backboards increases with the need to load the aircraft, the company’s photovoltile backboard market rises, and in 2023-2025, we chose three companies to take the photovoltage feed chain as comparable companies, with an average of 21 times the average per capita in 2024. Forster, as a photovoltaic film lead company, has a market share of more than 50%, and its profitability fluctuates through the cycle.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.