The advantage of the photo-voltaic film is high, the backboard business is fast growing, and the net profit from the non-return to the mother is 1.34 billion yuan, equal to the same. The company achieved operating income of 60.3 billion yuan, 33 per cent higher and the ring 6 per cent higher in the first quarter of 2303; the net profit from the return to the mother is 550 million yuan, compared to the flat.
The sales of the film have increased significantly, and the production capacity has expanded rapidly to maintain its leader. We have calculated that 23q1-q3 companies sold 1.6 billion square metres of the film, an increase of 77 per cent over the previous year; 23q3 sold 628 million flats, the Ring Piti, and the film price, which dropped to a low of 23q2-q3 in July. The profits of the company Fukuzhou, Ka Hing, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand.
Local extension projects such as Viet Nam are progressing well, with photovoltaic membrane production expected to reach 2.5 billion flats by the end of 2023, a 52-week maximum/minimum price surge in battery assembly production, and companies are constantly developing and implementing containment programmes with downstream customers.
Continuous construction of technical barriers, special poe film for type N batteries and progressive production of carrier film for hjt battery assemblies. Backboard sales are growing steadily, and future beneficial distribution demand is expected to increase.
The volume of backboards increased by 38% in the same year, corresponding to a volume of 2303 million and a 21% decline in the ring. As the value of the price of the products of the luminous backboard market has increased in recent years, the public sector has developed a production system based on a mature cpc backboard, and the volume of products produced and the market occupancy rate has risen rapidly.
The company’s Kagsing base produces 110 million flatbacks per year, and plans to build a 300 million Vietnamese flatboard project to meet the needs of overseas component customers. The company is expected to benefit from a higher demand for distributional products and cross-cutting growth of backboard products.
Forster (603806.sh)-2022 Profit Conservancy, 2023 Rapid Expansion of Productive Capability 603806.sh - Cost transfer smoothness, marginal improvement of profitability - Investment proposal: Downgrade, taking into account the pricing strategy of the company's photo-voltaic operations in the current competitive pattern
Foster (603806.sh) - Consolidation of photovoltaic film tap status and rapid expansion of production of 1.340 billion yuan, equal to the same amount. 2303 million yuan, 33 per cent higher, 6 per cent higher, 550 million won, 15 per cent higher, 5 per cent higher, net deduction of non-mortality, and 5 per cent higher.
Figure 2: Companies ' single-season operating income and rate of increase (billions, %) Figure 3: Companies ' net profit and rate of increase (billions, %) Figure 5: Companies ' net profit and rate of increase (billions, %)
Figure 6: Net profit and increase (billions, per cent) from single-season deductions by company, figure 8: Māori rate, change in net interest rate of company, figure 9: Change in cost-share ratio over company period
The sales of the film have increased significantly, and the production capacity has expanded rapidly to maintain its leader. We have measured that 23q1-q3 companies produced 1.6 billion flats, an increase of 77 per cent; correspondingly, 2303 million flats, an increase of 24 per cent in the ring ratio; and local extension projects in Fuzhou, Ka Heng, Thailand and Viet Nam are progressing well, with photovoltaic membrane production projected for the end of 2023.
With the ability to control the supply chain of reliable raw materials, stable and efficient production operations, and customer demand security, firms have a strong overall competitive advantage.
The backboard sales are growing steadily, and future distributional demand is expected to increase. We measure 2301-03 back-to-back.
In recent years, with the end market's increased focus on the price ratio of photo-voltage backboard products, companies have developed production systems based on mature cpc backboards, and product output and market occupancy rates have risen rapidly and become luminous.
The company's Kagsing base produces 110 million flat-voltted backboards per year, and plans to build a 300 million Vietnamese backboard project to meet the needs of overseas component customers. The company is expected to benefit from a higher distribution of demand in the future, resulting in 23q3 shipments of 29 million flats.
After that, the company has successfully imported into its stockholdings, World Wideway, Redboard Technology, and prominent clients of the Triad Industries. The company’s light-dry membrane products now meet the resolution requirements that can be used for the manufacture of the ic plate/class plate, and the products are actively being imported into the downstream plate manufacturers.
With respect to aluminium plastics, we measure the volume of Aluminium plastics delivered by 2301-03 at 7.09 million, an increase of 69% from the same year, and 2.95 million for 2303. The company's aluminium plastics products, after pre-production and client validation, are now in the sales and sales stage and are now being successfully imported into the industry of electronics, Norwe technology, South Sudan, etc.
Clients, who are expected to further improve their industry rankings in the future as production capacity expands and clients expand. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.