Forster (603806): Continual rollout of film sales, industry fluctuations leading to stable performance > three-quarterly reports of companies, short-term decline in profit due to particle price fluctuations. q1-q3 achieved business income in 2023. The volume of film releases continued and the share of products of the Poe group increased. 2.5 billion square metres of photovoltaic film production was expected by year-end.
Annual capacity will exceed 3 billion square metres, maintaining a rate of growth of about 20-30%. In 2023, q1-q3 achieved the elastic product ring +24.00%. The poe film industry is ahead, enjoying the premium effect, with a significant increase in the share of the product, q3 being the low profit point, and in August and September it gradually increased its profitability.
Given the volatility of overseas policies, the pace of overseas construction by component manufacturers has accelerated, and companies have responded to the trend to strengthen overseas deployments. At the latest, at the end of next year, overseas production capacity is expected to be 600 million square metres, or 20% of total production capacity. This year, the main Vietnamese base of 250 million squares is expected to be operational by the end of next year.
The company’s ability to resist industry fluctuations is strong, and the profitable industry is ahead. At the operational level, the company adheres to large-client strategies, leading partners such as stock turnover, receivables turnover, etc., and maintaining a Maori leader of 5-10 pct.
The company is the largest supplier of Xbc batteries, and the topcon leads the company’s Poe technology, while epe,eva have multiple combination solutions. For hjt, the company has been successful in researching and developing the trans-luminance products since 2015.
Forster (603806): Tremendous profitability.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.