The profit phase is under pressure, the long line of resilience is down the road, so that in July the company will still have to digest its pre-period high-priced inventory, the cost of inventory and the misalignment of film prices, leading to the pre 23q3 period of profit under pressure; and with the gradual increase in the price of the film at the end of July, the company will have to repair its profits.
On the whole, 23q3 companies have a profit phase under pressure as a result of fluctuations in raw material prices and changes in market dynamics, but the company still has a superior inventory management capacity and resilience. In addition, the company is actively expanding.
Capability, we expect the company to achieve an annual design capacity of over 2.5 billion m2 by 2023; and, at the same time, sustained technological development and product structure optimization that can provide the best value-for-money encapsulation programme for new technologies, such as topcon batteries, hjt batteries, smb components, ibc components, thorium batteries, etc., which is expected to sustain the market.
The Jubaino field share is stable and ahead of technology, enjoying a mass yield dividend for the N-type component.
The backboards have grown dramatically, and the city has risen rapidly. The heat of the photovoltaic engine, both in and out of the country, has driven demand for the back panels to grow dramatically. The company’s photorest products are of a full range of products, with technical and high value for money.
The sales of cpc backboards, and high anti-black backboards for distributed markets, are expected to increase continuously. The company’s development strategy for the s01052305004 backboard business has shifted from a robust to a positive one, with a smooth backboard in the 23rd quarter of the year.
Research assistant Lin Quixiang, electronic material business is steadily developing and aluminium plastic film is beginning to be released.
In the context of the slowdown and even decline in the pcb industry, companies continue to maintain a steady development of electronics operations, expanding their client base and increasing market competitiveness;
The diaphragm meets the resolution requirements that can be used in the manufacture of the c-boards/class panels, and the products are being accumulated and certified imports are being made from down-stream plate manufacturers. The company’s functional film material operations are steady and robust, mainly covering aluminium plastics and ro support films.
In mid-2023, Foster (603806.sh) reported a review of well-known clients in the Novitts, Nandu, etc.; ro supported membrane continued to develop differentiated products.
\triangleright: 3-year Quarterly Review: Profiting Phase Strength, Extension & Po 3. Foster (603806.sz) 3-year Quarterly Review 2022:
The vinyl taps are strong in their resistance to volatility, with a positive q4-q4-q2/10/30. Forster (603806.sz) semi-annual review in 2022:
5. Forster (603806.sh) 2021: Headline secure and electronic material operations into accelerated release - 2022/03/18
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.