Positioning Platform Development Models expect the new five-year development plan-Zeller Bank (601916) to cover for the first time the report.
There are 260 branches. There are 139 branches in the Long Triangle, with a limited proportion of more than 50% in Zhejiang province, corresponding to 83 branches in Zhejiang province.
See, the ratio of revenue to the long triangle is 56%. The regional distribution of loans, the long triangles, the local income structure data, the long triangles, and the net fees of the bead triangles, are still raised.
Development of commercial banks and the most important financial platform in Zhejiang province.
Power, outreach of clients and operations, optimization of processes and wind controls, improvement of performance and management, increase of the relative depth of 300 indexes, strong features and advantages, building of a platformed service bank, sustained high-quality development.
Platformed development strategies contribute to rapid growth in public business: as platform-based strategies move forward, firms have grown faster in public business, at a rate of close to 30 per cent for public loans, and the risk preferences for lending have increased, although the overall asset quality is still better than that of peers.
The platformed service model is gradually gaining ground in large retail operations: in retail loans, individual loans are mainly for the use of platformed services for small business operations. As of mid-2020, the balance of inclusive micro-enterprise loans was $187,224 million, or 16,120 million more than at the beginning of the year.
Broad-based micro-enterprise loans account for 16.71 per cent. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In recent years, under the platformed development model, commercial banks have been able to develop their public operations faster and increase their income from middle-level operations more rapidly.
High. The overall asset quality is better than that of a colleague. We expect that, with rapid growth in public business and large retailing SMEs’ operations, there will be good customer support for retail operations. Risk factors: platformed development models do not advance as expected. Economic downturns are more than expected: markets.
The downside presents systemic risks. 1, Positioning platform service strategy, one of the 12 national equity companies in the Long Triangle and Ring Sea region
It was established in August 2004 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province. It was listed in Hong Kong in March 2016 and in Hong Kong on 26 November 2019. It is the country's 13th “a+h” bank.
The equity structure is diverse and, as of the end of June 2020, the top five shareholders in the company were: Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., Zhejiang Finance Holdings Ltd., Travelers ' Automobile Group Ltd., Tyakart Holdings Ltd., Zhejiang Energy Group Ltd., 21.41 per cent, 12.49 per cent and 6.33 per cent respectively.
The Bank established 260 branches in the country's 19 provinces (cities directly under the Central Government) and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Hong Kong SAR), which now covers the Long Triangle, the Ring Sea, the Pearl Triangle and some of the central and western regions.
There are 139 branches in Zhejiang province, accounting for more than 50% of the total.
The ratio was 57 per cent, 18 per cent, 7 per cent and 18 per cent respectively, while the net revenue from fees was 36 per cent, 25 per cent, and the net revenue from fees from 1.3 long triangles and bead triangles still had room for improvement. The regional structure of loans was distributed to 57.4 per cent, the long triangle was 19.2 per cent, and the central west was 13.8 per cent.
In comparison with local income structure data, the long triangle and the pearl triangle still have net revenue from fees,2 and the platform-based business strategy has permeated the landscapes. Since 2014, the merchant bank has been oriented towards the service entity economy, starting with the enterprise ' s balance sheet.
The two core needs of an enterprise to “reduce the cost of financing and improve the efficiency of services”, to continuously innovate a platformed service model that helps an enterprise to leverage its own assets and resources in the supply chain, to reduce external financing, to reduce leverage, to reduce costs, to increase efficiency gains, and to explore a differentiated set of structured and integrated financial services programmes for service entity enterprises.
2.1 Elements of platform development: “two-most” overarching objectives. Elements of a platform-based service strategy, led by the “two-most-most” overall objective (the most competitive national share-based commercial bank, the most important financial platform in Zhejiang province), implanting platform-based genetics, innovative financial technology applications, and building
A strong platformed service system that is driven by a platformed service that drives innovation and development, expands the client base and industry, optimizes processes and wind control, enhances performance and management, enhances features and strengths, builds a platformed service bank, and sustains high-quality development.
Platform-based service strategy, public business platform, i.e., three major Internet big data service platforms - the “pooling finance platform” - the “receivables chain platform” and the “application scene” of external scenarios
Platforms, including purchase orders, warehouse orders, distribution, silver leases, etc., should be used for 853 innovative, land-based projects with an operating balance of more than $36 billion as of the end of June 2020. 2.2 Basic innovations in platform-based services
Pooled financing platform: the sum of the “growing” financing model of the “gold” series of instruments, export pools, asset pools, etc., which integrates assets and liabilities operations, products and services, operations and management, and provides a combination of various types of financial asset entry, hosting, settlement, value added, pledge financing, etc. to business clients, facilitating business access to the pool at any time
As of the end of June 2020, 26,707 clients had been served to provide financing.
By the end of June 2020, 3,078 clients had been served to provide financing balances.
By the end of June 2020, 22,646 households had been served, with 2.3 platform services: a series of "Course" applications for innovation.
Since 2017, Merchant Bank has increased innovative applications of financial technology, such as block chains, focusing on supply chains, industrial chain service needs, and has continued to innovate through purchase orders, warehouse receipt, silver lease, distribution, distribution, and end of the month, with 853 site applications and over $36 billion in operating balances.
(b) Ordering boards: the Nucleus and Zulcobanks cooperate in the provision of subscription financing services to downstream dealers, who need only deposit a percentage of the bond to issue block receivables on the order platform, pay to the Nucleus, lock in future rights, make subsequent advances and ease the pressure of one-time payments;
When a core enterprise receives block-chain receivables, it may make payments or financing available, pre-empt future receivables, and increase the scale of its sales. In this process, a merchant bank provides services such as financial supervision, withdrawal notices, financing, etc. Order-to-order operations stabilize the supply chain by meeting the needs of the core business and downstream distributors in the purchase chain of the orders.
Relationships, reducing the overall cost of the supply chain, and helping core enterprises to develop a stable distribution system and client base.
In the process, services such as financial supervision, warehouse pledge, cash withdrawal notice, financing, etc. are provided. The chain warehouse bill collection and bill of lading are one.
In particular, it helps inventory owners to access rights, solve difficult and expensive financing problems, provides efficient and secure pledge financing for non-variable commodities, seasonal commodities, tradable services, and helps core firms to form stable distribution systems and clientele that are of significant value to supply chain finance for bulk commodities.
Silver Leases: Bank of Zhejiang is connected with its subsidiary Zhejiang Silver Financial Leasing Co. Ltd. ... to provide integrated financial services to enterprises for the preparation of sales and inventory assets.
The block-chain receivables pay rent and solve the high-cost challenges of one-time input pressure; at the same time, the customer may also obtain equipment leaseback services from Zhejiang Silver Financial Leasing Co. Ltd., and then sign block-chain receivables through my receivable-chain platform to pay rent, effectively inventory equipment and reduce financing costs.
Distribution lines: The Bank of Zimmers addresses the procurement finance challenges of downstream SMEs by addressing the small, high-frequency (HF) settlement characteristics of the core enterprises and downstream in a given industry, relying on the record of past transactions, approving dedicated letters of credit for downstream SMEs, and financing the procurement of goods for downstream small and medium-sized enterprises within the level of special letters of credit.
Extend sales; when a core business receives a loan, distributes receivables as a bond block chain and pays for upstream purchases. In this process, a package of online supply chain consolidations such as finance, settlement, fund management etc. are provided.
Downstream enterprises or end consumers may issue instalments of receivables to core enterprises, according to their actual needs, to ease the pressure on one-time payments; core enterprises may confirm sales returns in advance upon receipt of instalments of receivables, and expand 3. Platformed development strategies contribute to rapid growth of public operations
In recent years, with the gradual roll-out of platform-based strategies, firms have grown faster in public business, at a rate of close to 30 per cent for public loans, and the risk preference for lending has increased, although the overall asset quality has remained better than that of the corporate platform, with the company ' s share of high-risk business gradually declining, while the middle-risk industry has become more risky.
As of mid-2020, the ratio of high-risk to public loans was 39.5%, while the ratio of medium-risk to industry average was mainly higher, i.e., the ratio of loans related to real estate development was higher. If the overall level of listed banks is consistent with the overall trend of recent years.
Figure 8: Change in low risk ratios for public loans, high schools, Figure 9: Share of public loans by risk classification, although overall risk preferences for public loans have increased, in terms of changes in asset quality, either
By mid-2020, the negative rate was 1.4% and the overdue rate was 209%, which was better than the average value of the shares. Assets were of better quality than peers, more so because they benefited from the platform model, which incentivized credit lending cores to be proactive in their inclusion in reliable upstream and downstream businesses, thereby reducing the ratio.
By the end of 2019, the share of income from middle business was close to 50 per cent for middle business, 35 per cent for retail middle business and 16 per cent for silver and silver business.
Rapid growth, with a compound growth rate of 41.89% over the last four years. In bond issues, companies have combined loan purchases in a syndicated loan operation. Figure 11: Fee-for-service revenue structure, the compound growth rate for corporate public loans has reached 29.4% over the past four years.
While deposits have grown faster, the overall cost of deposits is relatively high in cost terms. By mid-2020, the average interest rate of deposits was 2.61 per cent.4 Platformed service models have gradually infiltrated large retail operations
4.1 Small business credit is an important component of large retailing Retail operations, with the structure of retail loans, with personal loans reaching 50 per cent, mortgages at 23 per cent and consumer loans at 27 per cent.
In retail loans, individual loans are mainly the use of platformed services for small business operations. By mid-2020, the balance of inclusive micro-enterprise loans was $187,224 million, with an additional $16,120 million at the beginning of the year.
The Center, which has increased business innovation around the three dimensions of “scenario + vertical + confidence.” Innovations create “e-bank” financial services platforms and e-business platforms, continuously enhance client service capabilities, foster niches and increase new dynamics, and accelerate the creation of “platform wealth managers’ banks.”
As of June 2020, 10,719 private clients with an average monthly financial assets of $6 million or more, i.e., 34.05 million clients, i.e., 140,768 million yuan in total assets and a financing balance of 46,60 billion yuan, compared with 3,7287 million cumulative corporate credit cards and 17,350 million yuan in credit cards; 2020
In the first half of the year, there were 676,000 new credit cards, 39.651 billion dollars in credit card consumption, 749 million yuan in credit card business revenue, of which 384 million yuan in phased business revenue.
The demand has established the “two-most” goals and a platformed service strategy, adhering to the five operating principles of “the economy of the service entity, innovation, compliance, risk prevention, efficiency efficiency” and creating a platformed service bank that provides an open, efficient, flexible, shared and highly accessible comprehensive financial service to clients.
In recent years, as a result of the platformed development model, ZBBs have achieved faster growth in public business and higher growth in public-intermediary income. The overall asset quality is better than that of their counterparts. We expect that with the rapid growth of business with small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the public sector and in the retail sector, retail operations will be well supported by clients.
The current static valuation of merchant banks is pb0.77x, which is essentially at the same level as the overall valuation level of the industry. The current dynamic of merchant banks ' share prices of 2021 and 2022, pb0.66x and 0.59x, is covered for the first time, giving an increased assessment that the platformed development model is not moving as fast as expected.
The economic downturn was more than anticipated; there were systemic risks associated with the decline in the market.