In the first half of the year, and in the second half of the year, the sales of o2 products increased by the same amount: corporate rare earth oxides, rare earth salt in the first half of the year 2025.
+111.2%, 1.32%, +225%, 4.04% and +2%, respectively, for class, rare earth metal, magnetic material, polish material, hydrogen material.
In the same period, the sales of rare earthly products and rare earthy products were at an all-time high. The price of light soil rose, and the change in the fertilized iron was lagging: in the first half of 2025, the figures for the moor of the mound showed that the prices of oxen, zirconium oxide, zirconium oxide, oxium oxide, hair-burned thallium n35 were +6%, +43%, respectively.
+13%, -27%, 2025q2, zirconium oxide, zirconium oxide, zirconium oxide, hair-burned thorium thorium at 35 prices q2 and q3 rare earth concentrates, driven by the increase in the price of the oxides: the price of the minerals traded in the second quarter of 2025 was adjusted to $18825 per ton without taxes (dry, reo = 50%), reo by 1%, reo by 1%,
Euros/tonnes (dry, reo = 50%), 1%/reo and $382.18/t/t/no tax prices. Priority projects are advanced in an orderly manner: company green smelting green smelting green smelting upgrading project phase with relative depth of 300
Tons of metal project completed and gradually operational; 8000 tons of metal project completed pre-projects, performance appraisals, environmental appraisals, etc.; installation of main equipment completed for the Golden Monument Secondary Resources Reclamation Project, expected construction of the Ton Magnetic Project; completion of the first phase of the expansion project for 9,000 tons of polished powder, II
Investment proposals: A temporary scheme for the regulation and management of the total amount of rare earth mining and smelting separation has been laid down, the state has further strengthened its control over the supply and price of rare earth, and the rare earth industry has shown a clearer global monopoly. The export of rare earth magnets has been gradually restored, and the replenishment of the reservoirs caused by the shortage of previously available overseas magnets will drive the second half of the year.
Demand has increased, with the magnetic-combined industry entering the traditional boom season, and the demand for 2025q3 rare earth magnets is expected to rise marginally. As a global rare-earth tap, the company’s price skyrockets by three quarters, or will further release the risk of a sharp fall in rare-earth prices; 4) the company’s additional capacity will release less than expected risks.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.