2025H1 Review: The new cycle has been introduced, the profits have increased significantly, the volume of rare earth products has risen, and the strategic position has been highlighted: the strategic value and position of the rare earth has increased further with the new technological revolution and industrial transformation.
Local implementation, State regulation of smelting of rare earth industries, secondary resources, and offshore resources has been further strengthened to promote sustainable high-quality industrial development.
In terms of prices, the average spot price is 540441 million yuan per ton (as compared to 11.9%/+12.7% respectively) and the supply of light and rare earth, according to Shanghai colour net data.
On the whole, the demand side of the rare earth has contributed to a significant increase in the size of the company's revenues by co-opting the demand side to the same price increase. Overall, the demand side of the rare earth has gone to the good belt, and the same price of the light and rare earth has contributed to a significant increase in the size of the company's revenues.
As the price of q3 light and rare earth rises, the profitability of the company’s products is expected to continue to improve. Recent prices of light and rare earth rise rapidly: the price of light and rare earth has risen rapidly since August 15 and, according to Shanghai, the price of light and rare earth has risen rapidly since August 15.
Non-ferrous data show that the average spot price (including taxes) of thallium metal/thiox increased by 13.8 per cent and 13.4 per cent to 783/644,000 yuan per ton over the three trading days from 15 August to 19 August respectively.
This phenomenon is mainly due to the simultaneous bidding of mammal mills to provide strong demand support for the metallic. In addition, the United States Department of Defense ' s purchase-back agreement with mpmaticials provides an expectation of an increase in the price of rare earth, under which the United States Department of Defense has agreed to ensure that within the next 10 years, the price of the metal will be increased.
In our view, with the reversal of supply and demand structures and the resonance of macro-emotional sentiments, the construction of projects has begun to consolidate the advantages of scale on a continuous basis: in recent years, companies have been involved in all kinds of downstream operations in the chain of rare earth products through vertical business extensions and have now formed a rare earth resource-based, smelting-smelting-based, new material collar.
Field construction is focused on the industrial structure where the end-use is directed. The Chinastar rare earth project of 8,000 tons and the Gansu rare earth project of 12,000 tons of metal has been completed and gradually operationalized; the China-China-Antai 8,000 tons of metal project has been completed; the pre-setting, performance assessment, environmental evaluation, etc.; and the Golden-Multiland secondary resource recovery project has been completed.
The longitudinal extension of operations related to the rare earth industrial chain helps companies to consolidate the full-scale advantage of the chain.
Investment proposals: As a leader of our rare earth resources, the company’s annual rare earth target quota has consolidated its moating river at the end of its rare earth resources, where prices have begun to move into a new upward cycle, with company profitability expected to increase. At the same time, friction in international trade has increased.
We expect the company to earn 418,486,557 million yuan in 2025-2027, compared to the net profit and increase in figure 2, respectively.
China’s new material team on securities: specializes in new materials and macrocycle research, building on the strong industrial background of China’s Air Industry Group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, lightweight materials, etc., to form a track-type industry chain covering and tracking, focusing on integration, and creating a level-II market synergy at the operational level. In the alternative, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.