Prices of rare earth products raised, companies performed brightly in the first half of the year.
xuzhengkun@dgzq.com.cn Steady, with low-land downstream demand such as new-energy vehicles, photovoltaic wind, military-industrial and aerospace industries continuing to grow, fuelling demand for rare earth; company output growth, and self-smelting smelting of output advantage
The company’s performance has risen significantly over the same period, against a background of a combination of low performance in 2024. The prices of major products have risen, and priority projects have accelerated construction.
The advantage is that there has been a mixed increase in the production and sale of major products, with a 32.33% increase in the sale of rare earth metal products and a 17.93% increase in the sale of rare earthly functional materials. During this period, companies have continued to accelerate the development of priority projects, with 8000 tons of rare earth and 12,000 tons of rare earth metal projects.
Completion and gradual completion; construction of the 8000-tonne metal project, which has been completed; construction of the Ton Magnetic project; completion of the 9,000-tonne polish expansion project; investment proposal: Northern rare earth is the world's largest supplier of rare earth products with the highest quality worldwide
In the first half of 2025, rare earth prices recovered, and companies performed well. Looking ahead, demand for rare earths is expected to continue to grow, with new industries like new energy cars, human robots, etc.
As industry leaders, companies will benefit fully from the over-anticipated risks of industrial development in light and rare soil industries abroad, the risks of price volatility of raw materials, policy regulation, risks of substitution of rare earth technologies, and geopolitical risks.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.