Pharmacy Mingkund (603259.ch/2359.hk): Business 2021 performed strongly, accelerated production capacity and new technology layout 2022 reaffirmed the “buy-in” rating of the company's a/port unit and selected it as one of the industry's preferred targets.
Exchange rate fluctuations; 2) price increases for bulk materials resulting in higher prices for raw materials; 3) exemption from social security costs during the epidemic in the country in 2020, with a higher base. The adjusted net gain of noon-ifrs increased by 41% to 5.1 billion dollars in the same year. 4q21 income and adjusted net gain of noon-ifrs increased by 35.11%.
65-68%, partially benefiting from the new crown-related orders. The year-round performance sub-branch shows a 47% increase in revenue - wuxichemistry, a 43.2% increase in income from drug discovery (r) and process R&D/production (d+m) - 49.9%.
Swimming flows; 732 to 1,666 more tube molecules (41 new under the winning molecular strategy), with 14 to 42 more commercialization projects (including 4 formulation projects). -Wuxitting income increased by 38 per cent, toxicology/conservation income increased by 63 per cent and continued to be sub-Saharan.
wuxibiogy’s income increased by 30%, with a 42% increase in dna’s coding complex income. New molecule types, including oligonaic acid, protac, and neoplasms, are important engines of growth. . wuxiatu’s income fell by 3% (China +87oy, 15% of the plate income), mainly because
The project will take longer with the launch of its breakthrough tessa technology platform and the launch of the ctdmo mode pilot project (currently 11 in iii, domestic clients are more likely to invest in the same kind of start-up/best drug).
• Investment risk: fluctuations in investment returns; geopolitical risks; project failures or delays due to the epidemic.
Financial statement analysis and forecasting - further deepening in collaboration with Pyramid International • Clients
Client penetration continues to increase and cross-practice synergies are deepened under the “Longtail” strategy: companies add new clients throughout the year with an annual increase of 29 per cent in revenue, while 7 per cent of total revenue comes from new clients.
Clients other than the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide increased their contribution income by 46 per cent, rising to 71 per cent of total income. In addition, more and more customers are using many of the company’s services, and synergies between the different business sectors continue to widen.
(b) Completion of three facilities during the year, namely, Permanent State II, Théinnon-gmp and tin-free oral and sterile irrigation formulation plants, as well as construction of a familiar non-gmp plant for medium-test magnification.
Construction of new plants, including three new facilities in Changzhou (1h22), Thinggmp (2h22), and Delaware, United States (2025).
The capacity of wuxitesting is also expanding, with 15,000 m2 in Chengdu (non-gmp toxicology) and Nanjing (dmpk) in use in the near future, and 55,000 m2 in Suzhou and Kaidong, where laboratories are being built as planned and are expected to be in operation by mid-2023.
New molecules/new technology platforms are beginning to work, and industry leaders are further consolidated: oligonaic acid and polythyrin. Cdmo has increased revenues by 145 to 115 million dollars, or more than 150%. With regard to wuxitesting, dmpk has increased revenues by 150% from business related to new molecule types.
In March of this year, the company launched a Tesa technology platform for the scale-up of the production of non-reversed gland-related viruses, a tenfold increase in production compared to the current phyto-based method. There are now more than 10 major international drug companies that have signed test orders for Tesa, which have been evaluated better after the trial, and more long-term collaboration is being negotiated.
The impact of the domestic epidemic on Shanghai’s factories is manageable: the company’s production bases in Tianjin, Chengdu, Wuhan, etc., provide flexibility for production deployment, and Shanghai-based workers maintain production. The management is confident that 1q22 (65-68%) of the intake acceleration guidelines will be completed as planned.
As of March 23, 2022, the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
Optimistic scenario: corporate growth is better than expected and new crown projects contribute significant income on a sustained basis over the next five years: New crown projects experience a significant decline in income contributions over the next two years;
Client acquisition and project progress is better than expected: Euro-American pharmaceutical companies reduce R & D spending and suspend R & D projects, direct companies to expand their business for mergers and acquisitions, and generate more revenue than expected.
The failure of projects at the research and development stage has resulted in loss of clients and an impact on income.
Pilgrim International Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected
The globalization of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic could lead to a recession, Euro-American client acquisition and project progressing better than expected:
(b) The new business is generating more growth momentum.
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.