The quality of lost assets has generally remained stable in the second quarter - Hangzhou Bank (600926), which reported a profit of $5.9 billion in mid-2018, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year and a net return of $3 billion in the same year, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year.
Of this amount, loans totalled $313 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, and deposits totalled $494.8 billion, and the results of our calculations show a fall in the second quarter of a single quarter.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities has declined in a single quarter, and the yield rate of interest-bearing capital has dropped by more than interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, the size of interest-bearing assets in the second quarter has been higher than the size of the new loan structure, with corporate loans and individual loans accounting for the average.
With respect to retail loans, mortgage loans increased by 6.6 billion, operating loans increased by 5 billion and bills increased by 3.4 billion. With regard to deposits, there was an increase in the share of public and retail time deposits.
The net non-interest income grew by 107% in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of a significant increase in net other non-interest income. The increase in net non-interest income was mainly due to an increase in fair-value income.
The net fee income fell by 25% over the same period, mainly because of trust and fiduciary fees and bond underwriting. The quality of assets remained stable overall, with some industries failing on public loans increasing.
The negative net generation rate for the second quarter has increased annually by 2.2 per cent over the first quarter and the negative write-off/out rate by 18 per cent. The ratio of loans of concern has also decreased by 77bp compared to the beginning of the year, while the proportion of non-performing loans that are more than 90 days overdue has declined by 12 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
On the negative side, the negative rate of public loans rose by 35 bp from the beginning of the year, and by double the poor in the manufacturing, construction and real estate sectors. The non-performing loan provision covered 229%, an increase of 18 percentage points from the beginning of the year, while the loan provision rate reached 3.57%.
Corporate loans and deposits have grown faster. The quality of assets has generally remained stable. Corporate capital adequacy rates have continued to decline for two consecutive quarters, owing to the rapid growth of risky assets.