The performance of 2401 increased slightly the same year, profitability remained stable, operating income was largely equal, and net profit returns to the mother increased slightly. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved revenues of 987 million yuan (+0.10 per cent), net profit to the mother of 2,393 million yuan (+247 per cent), excluding net profit to the mother.
2.397 billion yuan (+4.43 per cent). The reason for the slight increase in corporate net return profits over the same year was the same increase in electricity generation, with the company ' s cumulatively completed electricity generation in the first quarter of 2024 and new energy installed capacity growing steadily and expected to increase steadily in the future.
Project capacity of 0.48gw. As of March 2024, the company had a holding capacity of 36.16gw, of which it continued to expand resources for new energy projects. In 2023, the company had a new resource reserve of 54gw, of which wind power 24.65gw, photovolt 23.95gw, and storage and storage capacity 5.4gw, were located in better-resourced areas; in 2023, the company took over.
Development indicators have to go beyond 22.75gw, with a new energy development indicator of 19.84gw (wind power 5.07gw, light volt 14.77gw), water extraction capacity of 2.38gw, independent storage capacity of 0.53gw. The company’s new energy project is well-positioned, and the gradual release of future project resources will drive firm growth in company performance.
In 2024, the size of the new energy development of the company will increase significantly, with the company planning to start a new energy project in 2024, with a new energy project of 10gw, to produce 7.5gw. The wind and wind farm was upgraded “in large and small generations” to promote efficiency improvements.
In accordance with the policy, a comprehensive overhaul of the wind engine units was carried out, a plan was developed for the upgrading of the Dragon-source Wind Project and a number of wind power projects were launched in the provinces of Heilongjiang, Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Liaoning, Fujian, Jilin, Zhejiang and Xinjiang.
The old windmill renovation project is located in a high-quality wind resource area, and the company will gradually complete the construction and build-up, taking into account the state of policy in the provinces and the pace of project approval.
Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - Impairment of assets affects profitability growth, new energy installed, Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - net profits are rising steadily, and new energy projects are investing in the future.
"Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - increased profitability, continued growth of new energy operations" "Long-source electricity (001289.sz) - delayed growth in asset impairment performance, project resource reserve (+4.43%). The reason for the slight increase in corporate net profit on a year-on-year basis is the same increase in power generation.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved cumulative production of 212.25 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity by a combined statement, with a small increase in wind power generation and a significant increase in other renewable sources of energy generation. In different panels, wind power generated 17.31 billion kilowatt-hours (+1.37 per cent) and electricity generated by fire generated 2,581 million kilowatt-hours (+11.30 per cent).
In January-March, the average number of hours used by the company was 640, a 14-hour decline in the same year, mainly due to a decline in the speed of the wind: the average number of hours used by the engine was 1,377, an increase of 140 hours in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the demand for electricity in the Jiangsu region.
The Māori rate and net interest rate were almost equal. In the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s Māori rate was 39.89 per cent, a decrease of 0.13 ptt from the same period, with little overall change, a slight decrease due to a decrease in the number of wind and power hours.
Increases in profits; out-of-service income of $36 million (+183 per cent) mainly due to the difference between the cost of acquiring a subsidiary ' s investment and the fair value of identifiable net assets.
Roe has remained almost equal, with a small decline in net operating cash flows. In the first quarter of 2024, the company Roe experienced a decline in the same proportion, mainly due to investment expenditure of $1.96 billion on the National Finance Leasing Company Ltd., a subsidiary of the group, Yuya (Virgin) Ltd., during the same period last year, with no major investment expenditure in the current period;
In the first quarter of 2024, a new holding capacity of 0.56gw was added, including 0.03gw wind power, 0.06gw light voltage and acquisition of photovoltaic project capacity.
In 2024, the scale of the company's new energy development will increase considerably, and the wind field will be upgraded “in large and small generations” to promote efficiency improvements. Since June 2023, the company has been undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of the wind transport unit and has developed the Dragon Source Wind project.
In addition, the project was launched in the provinces of Heilongjiang, Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Liaoning, Fujian, Jilin, Zhejiang, and Xinjiang. The project for the renovation of the old windfields, which was launched in this round, is located in a high-quality wind resource area, and the company will take into account, inter alia, the state of policy in the provinces, the progress of approval of the project, etc.
As a result of the remodelling of the "Small Generations" project, the problem of high failure rates and low power generation efficiency of older units has been solved, and the use of hours and the volume of electricity generated is expected to generally increase significantly compared to the original project. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author