The company reviews the agro-forestry and fisheries industry 20h1 have seen a significant increase in profits, and the industrial chain has a significant synergy.
Shige Yu 2, our analysis and judgment 1) high rate of profit growth, in line with market expectations
In 2020h1, the operating income of the company was 25,886 million yuan, or +22.89 per cent of the year; of this amount, 15,394 million yuan, or +26.29 per cent, was for feed, insurance, and a net profit of 800 million yuan, or +45.14 per cent, for the mother. The net profit increased significantly, and the profits were significant mainly due to the contribution of pig farming operations.
2) Forage markets have increased, and sales of poultry and aquatic materials have increased rapidly. The Māori rate has risen slightly. In terms of capacity, companies absorb more than 20 feed plants and increase production by about 2 million tons. 1/pig sales are equal to 17%, Māori + 3.6 ptt. Depending on factors such as climate, South Africa
The recovery of pig production in the region has been slower, affecting the company’s increased sales of pig food. The pig product structure continues to be optimized, with tops, highs, accounting for more than 35% of the product, and a better Māori rate. We believe that as the price of h1 maize from downstream farming continues to rise, the price increase for the company’s poultry is lower than the cost, and the Māori rate has been affected.
They believe that as products, operations, brands, and so on, the company will continue to grow. 3/ Aquaculture sales are equal to +15%, and Māori rates are equal. Depending on adverse factors such as epidemics, demand, floods, and so on, aquaculture is shrinking, but dependent on the company’s own product strength, the company’s water feed structure is optimal, and the city’s share is stable.
The increase is expected to be greater than 25 per cent in the same year.3 The growth of farming operations has been significant, and the contribution of pig production has been significant. The co-serving of farmers has been significant, with significant advantages, and will in the future grow into a bright spot of profit growth.
Company feed sales are growing rapidly, with an advantage of the profits; pigs benefit from higher levels of pig production, post-cycle behaviour, maintenance of rapid growth of poultry at a high climate, optimization of aquatic structure and farming risks of animal disease, volatile prices of raw materials, risks of policy change, volatile prices of pigs
Risks, quality risks, market competition, etc.