China Group (002311): Good performance, rapid growth of farming plates recommended (for the first time) high growth in corporate performance. Companies achieved business income in the first half of 2020
25,886 million yuan, or 22.89 per cent more than the previous year; the growth of the net profit feed business attributed to the shareholders of listed companies has been steady, and the volume of poultry feed sold has been excellent. In the first half of 2020, the volume of feed sold was 6.39 million tons, or 19 per cent more than the previous year, and the gross profit from feed was 2.4 billion yuan, the same amount.
This represents an 18% increase. The sales of pig feed fell by 17% the same year, and the Māori rate increased by 17% the same year, and the company base (latest) continued to grow at a high annual increase in poultry feed.
In the first half of 2020, the public sector earned 2,435 million yuan, an increase of 101.17 per cent over the same period, of which the pig-breeding industry earned 1.340 billion yuan, an increase of 106.47 per cent over the same period, and aquaculture.
The company built its own pig farm, changed its former “company + farm” farming model, and the costs were further controlled and the pigs were raised.
In aquaculture, companies have benefited from years of accumulation of research on shrimp and fish seedlings, resulting in a relatively manageable and standardized management model from breeding to breeding, with a double increase in income and Maori rates.
• Multiple factors influence aquatic prices. The first half of the year was marked by an epidemic, a relatively low consumption rate, a recovery of aquaculture flows and consumption, and a demand for the consumption of imported frozen products, influenced by events in new locations and the recent events in Dalian Seafood.
This decline has led to a fall in aquatic prices in the second quarter, which is expected to improve in the second half of the year. Chart 1: Corporate Profit Forecasting Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.