Prices of beverage products are stable, monolithic diversification and product diversification Research bulletins/food and beverages industries Monony and product diversification are strategies for the future development of the beverage business
Today, 90% of the company’s big health plates are profiting from Wang Old Gil’s tea, and the future beverage business will be based on a monolithic and multiformist strategy. Monopoly refers to the development of new varieties of cold tea, with the company offering low sugar, no sugar, cold tea in 2016, black sugar tea in 2017, and now selling new cold teas at slightly higher prices than red cans, but selling them.
The share is low, and the main profit contribution is still made by Wang Jie, a red can. Diversification of the class refers to the introduction of non-cool tea products with the highest/lowest feed for nearly 12 months, mainly in provinces with low demand for cold tea, such as walnuts that attack the markets of Henan and Shanxi.
Beverage business development is based on the promotion of channels.
Low. In the current distribution structure, the ratio of catering, gift, and ka channels is approximately 3:4:1, the company ' s preferred channel is the consumption of gifts in three or four-line cities and in rural areas; the catering channel is less profitable and has less advantage over the competition; the ka channel is smaller. The company will maintain a stable price for cold tea products and terminal prices in the future, and there will be no price increases.
The growth of the beverages business will be achieved through sales growth and control channels. Prices of cold tea raw materials have risen this year, and key raw materials such as gold and silver have increased significantly, negatively affecting Maori.
Greater management, control of costs, etc., absorbs the negative effects of the rise in raw materials. The Great South Plate is being integrated, with a future focus on developing potential varieties.
The next stage of development is focused on developing potential varieties within available resources.
The value of pharmaceutical businesses is 33.8, 19.6, 19, and 18.2 times higher. White Cloud Mountain is lower than the average industry average, with a “recommended” rating for future growth.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, researched light and listed companies. Bear Air, Research Assistant, Food and Beverage Industry. Ph.D., Financial Science, Jiangxi University of Finance and Finance, formerly in the Finance Department of listed companies, and in the Strategic Planning Department of the National Shared Commercial Bank.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.