Wang Wei-chul's performance: the company earned $29.880 billion, y0y +87.1%, recorded net profits, q3 performed better than we expected, on the one hand, with the company's share in Wang's Pharmacy.
The promised value difference of $126 billion and investment returns of $104.5 billion, on the other hand, the Māori rate of the previous business performed better than we expected. The business block, with a modest increase of q3, has grown steadily, and the Māori rate of the previous business has increased:
As a result of the start of June and the presentation of the pharmaceutical business company Guangzhou’s medicine, the company’s q3-season collection of 91.9 per cent was restored to double-digit growth, and the existing medical business flow operations are expected to remain under some pressure.
The corporate q3 combined Māori rate was 19.0 per cent, a decrease of 17 percentage points from the same year, mainly due to the low Māori pharmaceutical business, but the company ' s previous Māori success rate increased by 2.2 percentage points to 38.2 per cent in real terms, and is expected to benefit from the higher share of high Māori products, such as Gingo, as well as from Wang Gage discounts.
The q3 cost rate has been reduced by factors: the company's sales rate of 2018q3 has fallen by 10 percentage points to 9.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, due on the one hand to the fact that the company's commercial companies are listed together, and, on the other hand, due mainly to the fact that the company's Wang Ji has been using a sales discount to promote sales this year, which has resulted in a partial reduction in the cost of payment.
Corporate management + R & D rates and financial cost rates decreased by 4.7 per cent and 0.6 per cent respectively, respectively, and are expected mainly as a result of a combination of Guangzhou medicine. Overall, company-time rates are projected at the same time, compared to lower earnings projections and investment proposals: the M & A rate of previous operations performed well as a result of increased corporate investment returns
And we're expecting to raise the company's profit forecast again. We're expecting the company to be 2018/2019, so don't make a net profit of $4.200 billion/36.5 billion, yoy+103.7%/-13.1%, and then a share is 14 times and 16 times, and h shares is eight times and nine times, respectively.
a/h The valuation is relatively low and the “buy-in” investment proposal is maintained.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.