The company publishes its annual report for 2018, which shows a steady increase in the income of auto parts and components iii and a significant increase in net profits from exchange gains and equity transfers.
The market value in circulation (million yuan) rose by 3.49 percentage points. Corporate income grew robustly in 2018, while exchange gains and equity transfers generated a net gain of $1 billion, compared with $388 million in exchange losses during the same period the previous year; (2) by selling 75 per cent of the shares of the subsidiary Futong, Beijing, and by selling them.
The company’s net profit from maternity in 2018 was almost the same as in the previous year, with domestic revenue from the company’s car glass business falling by 4.16% in 2018.
At the present time, the share of corporate car products in the country is high (about 66%), the share of the domestic market has increased relatively limited space, but it is expected that future domestic revenue growth will continue at a higher rate than downstream car sales: (i) single car glass use increases: based on the relative increase in the volume of glass used in the country.
According to the Gestapo Automobile Institute, the average annual consumption of glass has increased by 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached a breakthrough of 5 square metres. With the accelerated penetration of the windshield (a larger front windshield angle resulting in an increase in the size of the glass) and the panoramic skylight (an area of approximately 1 square metre), the use of vehicle glass is expected to increase further.
The company is expected to grow its product demand as a domestic car glass leader. ii.asp Upgrade: the company’s share of high-value-added products, such as glass, spd light glass, is expected to rise further asp.
Overseas earnings grew by 24.42% on a year-on-year basis, significantly exceeding domestic revenues. Of these, Fuo’s US factory was operating in the US, with a net profit of $5.0823 million, and companies now have a production pattern in the US, Russia, and Germany.
As the globalization strategy continues, total overseas capacity will increase from about 5 million to about 8.5 million, and the completion of new plants is expected to lead to faster growth in corporate income abroad.
Investment recommendations: Corporate performance growth is robust, and the core growth logic remains: 1) Building on the automobile estate: steady growth in performance, lack of core growth logic, increase in revenue faster than domestic automobile sales; 2) built overseas
Glossy Glass: Exchange losses have led to a decline in net profits throughout the year, and American factories have begun to lose profit gains.
I. A robust growth in income, a faster increase in net profits from exchange gains and equity transfers. A robust growth in income, and a higher increase in net profits from exchange gains and equity transfers. Companies published annual reports in 2018, achieving business income of $20.225 billion, or 8.08 per cent, over the year; a net return of $4.120 billion, or 30.86 per cent, over the year; and a Maori rate.
42.63 per cent, a decline of 0.13 percentage points in the same year; net interest rate of 20.31 per cent, an increase of 3.49 percentage points in the same year. Corporate growth was robust in 2018, while net profit gains from exchange gains and equity transfers increased faster: (1) continued depreciation of the renminbi against the United States dollar in 2018, exchange gains of 259 million yuan a year, compared to $388 million in exchange losses during the same period last year; (2) losses through the sale of subsidiaries in Beijing
Fortun, 75% of the stockholding and 100% of the Fuzhou Float gain of about $700 million. If the impact of these two factors is excluded, the company’s net profit on maternity is almost equal to the previous year.
Second, domestic income growth slowed down, but remained above the industry average, driven by the low performance of the domestic car market (4.16 per cent in 2018) and the company ' s motor glass industry in 2018.
Domestic revenue has fallen by 0.64% over the same period. Companies now have a higher share of domestic products (about 66%), and the domestic market share has a relatively limited scope to increase, but they are still expected to grow faster than downstream car sales in the future, benefiting from an increase in the use of bicycle glass and an increase in the use of asp (averagesellingprice):
The use of panoramic skylights and slashed windshields will contribute to the continued increase in the use of bicycle glass. According to the Gestapo Automobile Institute, with the upgrading of glass manufacturing techniques and increased consumer demand for driving experience and functionality, the use of bicycle glass has increased by 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached a level of 5 square metres.
The company, as a domestic faucet of car glass, is expected to increase simultaneously. The higher value-added glass share will further boost the company’s product.
High-value-added car glass products, such as glass, soundproof glass, odious water glass, spd light glass, plating glass, ultra-violet isolated glass. Benefiting from higher-value-added glass products, the company ' s car glassasp continued to rise from 136.83 m/m in 2014 to 164.47 m/m in 2018. As domestic consumption rises, the need for high-value-added car glass will also increase.
Further growth is expected to contribute to the continued upturn in corporate productsasp. Table 1: Corporate high-value-added glass product layout (hud)
The way the car data reflect on the windshield allows the driver to see the data without looking at it. Low-e glass plats the car glass with the low-e membrane, prevents the sun from remitting heat to the car, reduces the impact of sunlight on the temperature in the vehicle and reduces the heat consumption of air conditioning.
The lighting glass changes the transparency of the glass according to the outdoor light, with electro-modified colours (ec) and liquid crystal displays (lc).
By treating or changing the microstructure of the glass surface, the affinity of water and glass is reduced; the radio glass (the antenna glass) integrates the antennas of the vehicle with the radio into the glass.
Use of a double or multi-layered glass to segregate the sound. Soundproof glass uses a pvb film clip that absorbs infrared infra-red in the glass to reduce heat entering the car.
Insulated/anti-infrared glass can remove fog and ice from the surface of the glass and ensure a clear horizon range.
III. The gradual release of plant capacity in the United States, Russia, and the rapid growth of overseas revenues have led to the expansion of overseas markets, with companies investing in plants in the United States since 2013, and have now established modern production bases and business institutions in countries such as the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan and the Republic of Korea, as well as six design centres in Central America and Germany.
Figure 8: Global global revenues are growing rapidly, and there is scope to increase in the future. In 2018, corporate revenue from automobile glass overseas grew by 24.42 per cent, compared to the previous year.
According to the company’s network of officials, Fukuyo has only about 25% of the world’s automobile market, and there is much room for improvement in overseas markets. With the gradual release of US and Russian factory capacity, overseas revenues are expected to grow faster.
The factory achieved operating income of RMB 3,422 million, net profit of RMB 246 million, and significant increase in profitability (2,149 million yuan in 2017, net profit of just $5,082,300). According to a search of Foxnet, the company has plant layouts in the United States, Russia, Germany, and is expected to increase its total overseas capacity from about 5 million to about 8.5 million.
The company’s performance has grown robustly, and its core growth logic for the future continues to be: 1) the use of vehicle glass and the introduction of the asp to generate revenues faster than domestic automobile sales; 2) the increase in global market share through overseas construction. We predict that the company’s domestic automobile industry is growing faster than expected: overseas factory capacity is not releasing as fast as expected.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data