• High performance driven by proximate products such as health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences hpv vaccines, with their own products entering the harvest period
Events: The company recently published its three-quarters report for 2020, which generated operating income of RMB 11,055 million, realized income of RMB 4,056 million (+54.37%) and returned to the mother a net profit of RMB 974 million (+58.13%).
Drivers. According to the distributions revealed by the Central Court of Justice, 4.59 million Hpv vaccines (+14.5 per cent), 4.365,000 Hpv vaccines (+10.0 per cent) at 4 prices, 5x4 vaccine batches, quadruple brain, ac combination, and hib vaccines were activated, making up for the triple seedlings.
Reorganization of total equity/flow (millions of shares) according to the announcement.
Protein (ec) drugs for nuclear fungus integration have been approved and placed on the market, and the heavy-pound herds of cow branch bacterium disease have been declared in total market value/flow (million yuan) and are expected to be marketed during the year with a four-priced influenza virus.
The highest/minimum 12 months anti-vaccination vaccine, human rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) etc. are in the clinical stage; the four-priced virus vaccine is a vaccine that is not currently marketed at home and abroad.
Ji Fei Bian (300122) "The ec diagnostic approval is approved for clinical research, pending certification and is expected to be approved for listing in the near future. "
The new crown is well under way. According to public news, the company's technology route is a re-engineering of the subprotein route in collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Sciences microscopic organisms. On June 23, it was approved for clinical treatment, and on July 12, it entered the Ping Ji Fei Bien (300122) performance meets expectations.
Bed 11, data 2 is expected to be released soon, and three clinical phases are expected soon. According to the public microcard & ec diagnosis, the subsidiary, Ji Feilongcoma, has a new coronary vaccine (cho cells) in place.
- 2020/01/05 Production conditions and qualifications, 300 million doses of new crown vaccines per year have been completed.
The company agent ' s Hpv vaccine series is expected to drive the company ' s performance to continue to grow at a high rate, with a steady advance in the pipeline, a gradual enrichment of the autonomous product lines, and an increased share of the autonomous product. The new crown is well under way.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report