- Three-quarters by 2020. Wong Schwig. The harvest keeps growing fast, and the investment in research and development continues to grow.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company managed to earn 11.50 billion yuan, an increase of 44.14 per cent over the previous period, slightly higher than we had anticipated; net profit on return to mothers was 2,479 million yuan, an increase of 40.59 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit on non-return to mothers was 2,483 million yuan, an increase of 38.11 per cent over the same period.
In 2003, the company achieved a revenue of $4.056 billion, an increase of 54.37 per cent over the same period; in terms of the cost during the period of realization of the net return, the cost of sales and management costs of the company were optimized on an ongoing basis for autonomous products and fast-disbursing for proxy products during the reporting period.
Of the autonomous products, acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccines, ac-combined vaccines, hib-combined vaccine batch issuances for the three quarters before the vaccine amounted to 42.39 million, 2.0179 million and 3.40.48 million, respectively, with a significant increase in the city ' s share, reducing the impact of the shutdown of the ac-hib triple seedlings.
Four-priced, nine-priced Hpv vaccine and nine-priced Hpv vaccine batch issuances, respectively, have continued to grow at a rapid rate, increasing performance. Entering the self-research product harvest period. The new crown vaccine is expected to increase performance.
The company's self-research product is now in its harvest. Of these, recombinant nodule bacterium amalgamation protein (ec) diagnostic reagents have been registered for medicines and have been successfully accessed in more than eight provinces, including several large departments of the population.
In addition, the company has a number of heavy-pound products in the pipeline, including a 15-priced combination of pneumococcal vaccine, which has now completed the i-clinic phase, which has reached global sales.
With $6 billion, it is expected that the company’s performance will be further enhanced in the future. The new protein coronary virus vaccine has completed its clinical ii phase, is currently being statistically and summarized, and is expected to be published in the course of the year, with the company participating in the first echelon.
The recombinant protein vaccine developed is easier to produce on a large scale, with a high-capacity, low-cost, high-impact potential. Once it is successfully developed, and given the enormous global need for vaccinations and the company’s high capacity, the new crown vaccine is expected to generate substantial profits for the company.
Industry regulatory policy change risks; product diffusion less than expected risks; product R & D less than expected risks: market competition increases the risk: the risk increases.
In addition, the development of a new vaccine can be expected to lead to further growth in the company’s performance, taking into account the increasing use of corporate agents’ products and the growing abundance of autonomous product lines.
We look forward to the company’s future development and maintain an “uptake” rating.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.