Shinji Sanji, Ji Fei Bien (300122.sz)
The company issued a public announcement and signed a Supply, Distribution and Co-Promotion Agreement with Mercerton on 22 December 2020, mainly in respect of the five items for which Mercerton has obtained a listing permit in mainland China.
From 1 January to 30 June 2023, Hpv (4 and 9 prices), 5-valent Rotavirus vaccine, 23-valent pneumonia vaccine, and the projected purchase of hepatitis A vaccine were 28,106 million yuan, 2,717 million yuan, 479 million yuan and 225 million yuan respectively.
Hpv vaccine purchases have increased significantly, further enhancing firm performance certainty. Hpv – billion yuan, 11,557 million yuan, $6,260 billion – accumulated purchases are more than agreed in the 2018 agreement.
The main profit point of the rapid growth, the net profit increase for the company ' s parent between 2017 and 2019 was as high as three varieties at a cost of nine, of which 2 were vaccines for GlaxoSchul and Vantaa (national product) on the 28th floor of ITC, 69th Street West of Taiwon City.
In Beijing, the city's west corner, Central China, 28 Sinlyze Street, is on the market, and the Watson creature has submitted an application for listing; 4 and 9 are only listed in Mercer East, 7th floor of the Center for International Studies.
On the other hand, in 2018, the 4-priced National Medicines Institute entered clinical ii, 9-priced Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd., and in May and September of this year, only organisms and Vantaa entered clinical phase III, respectively, and are expected to be listed on the market.
Time is not clear. The company agent’s 4- and 9-price Hpv vaccines are still being issued as exclusives, 67,453,000, 4.83.9 million each month, an increase of 53.29%, 2-, 4- and 9-price Hpv vaccines, respectively, in April 2020.
Many R & D projects are well under way, and the company’s autonomous product status continues to improve. Companies continue to add significant R & D inputs, up to 28 R & D projects, and multiple projects are well under way: cow branches.
The vaccine (for the tuberculosis infected population) is the world's leading product, with huge market prospects, and is now in the process of being tested on site and the samples are now on the market; the four-priced influenza vaccine, the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) for the frozen human population, etc., are already in the clinical process.
iii. The four-price reprogramming of the virus vaccine (Bicca yeast) is a vaccine that is not currently marketed at home and abroad and has also been licensed for clinical research. In addition, the company will purchase, with its own funds, $35 million to buy 10,189% of the stock in the living organisms, mrna technology.
The company and the Chinese Academy of Sciences \triangleright \triangleright
The production line for the agent has also been established, and research and development is progressing at national and global levels. The new crown vaccine is of great social and market value and is expected to be marketed in the future. Drug safety risks; industry policy risks; research and development risks below expectations; and marketing risks below expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.