The company achieved business income in the first three quarters of 2020.
110.5 billion yuan, an increase of 44.14 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in parent companies, an increase of 338.43 per cent in the same year; corresponding to eps.1.5 million yuan in the 2020q3 quarter, an increase of 54.37 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to mothers, a decrease of 974 million yuan.
• The high growth of proxy products and the upscaling of autonomous products. According to the data for the first three quarters of 2020, the fourth price of Hpv was 4.36 million (+10 per cent); the ninth price of Hpv was 4.59 million (+14 per cent); and the fifth price of RoX vaccine was issued.
The share price performance (last year) reached 2.67 million (-13%).
(+441%); pre-filled ac combined batch issuances of 2.02 million vaccines (+782%); pre-filled tib vaccine batch issuances of 2.73 million vaccines (+86%). Triple saplings ac-hib have not been sold throughout the year, but the bulk issuance of other products has increased and increased over the same period last year.
There has also been a certain increase in prices since the top-down, which is expected to compensate for the year-long shortfall in the three seedlings, and the new crown vaccine is expected. The weight of this April's roll-out, the group of bacterium tuberculosis-integrated proteins (ec), has been entering eight provinces, winning the bid.
Good: Frozen Dry Triple is expected to be re-issued next year for evidence: cow sub-collage disease (for tuberculosis infected populations) was approved at the latest by the end of this year; four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) has completed the iii phase of clinical evidence
The company's new coronary virus vaccine (cho cell) developed in collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Sciences is currently in the clinical stage of stage ii. The research and development process is at the forefront of the country and is expected to be marketed next year.
Production is qualified to restructure the new coronary virus vaccine (cho-cell) and capacity-building is taking place simultaneously. Risks are not as high as expected; safety risks in the vaccine industry.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.