3-quarter high growth in the performance of pharmaceutical organisms, and continued use of autonomous and proxy products
Reasons for the report: Three-quarterly review of the company ' s third-quarter report for 2020, q1-q3 achieving operating income of 11.50 billion yuan, or 44.14 per cent more; net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders of 2,479 million yuan, or the same increase
In the third quarter, high growth was maintained, with autonomous and proxy products on a continuous basis. Companies q1, q2, o3 increased their operating income by 14.87%, 58.79%, 54.37%, and their net return increased.
New drug recombinant collusive proteins (ec, nodule infection diagnosis) were recombined at the end of April Basic data: 30 September 2020, marketable for the future. Four-priced hpv, nine-price hpv, five-price rotavirus epidemic.
Global research and development is accelerating, and the re-engineering of sub-units of vaccine developed by companies in collaboration with micro-organisms is about to complete the clinical ii phase.
The production line of 300 million doses per year has also been built, with the country taking the lead. The new coronary vaccine company will be of great value and market value and will be expected in the future.
In Beijing, China, China, 28 San Lixi Street, in Beijing, research and development is increasing and many projects are progressing well. The company continues to increase research and development.
The cost of R & D in 2020q1-q3 has increased by 111.42% over the same period.
28, many of which are well under development: cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by tuberculosis infected populations) is the world ' s leading product, with huge market prospects, and is now on the market for on-site production inspections; 4-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, and frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells)
The company has already entered the clinical iii period; the four-price re-programming of the virus vaccine is currently not marketed in the country and abroad, and has been licensed for clinical research. The company has developed a rich and well-structured pipeline, and the market for autonomous products will continue to improve.
It is to be expected that the company’s autonomy and agent products will continue to be rapidly released, the R & D products will progress well, the market for the autonomous products will continue to improve, and the new crown vaccine will be a leader in the country.
\triangleright risk of bad debt and the impact of the new crown epidemic. Business attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.