q3 performance exceeded expectations, and the development of a new crown vaccine advanced rapidly 18 October 2020  Event: the company released a three-quarter report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $11.05 billion in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters
Growth of 44.1%; net return to mother ' s profit of $2.48 billion, or 40.6% over the same period; slightly higher than expected performance of q3 after deduction, and higher agent variety: in the first quarter of 2020q3, companies achieved slightly higher market expectations for collection of q3.
Ten thousand (+10%), and we expect a total of about 8 million Hpv vaccines to be sold in the last three quarters; about 3.5 million sold; the company’s core agent varieties were quickly released, driving q3’s performance to a slightly higher level than expected.
Field performance: In terms of progress in the development of new crown vaccines, the recombinant protein vaccine, which the company partnered with micro-organisms, has completed clinical phase two, and the research and development progress company of the domestic company is second only to the scientific developments, the middle-class group and the Concino, which is the country's first team. In terms of capacity and cost, reorganization is taking place.
Protein's new coronary vaccine doesn't require a high-level laboratory, industrializes through an engineering cell strain, slightly overexpected, and the new coronary vaccine is in the country's first echelon 2020-08-03.
Production, high capacity, low cost, and high accessibility. 2, Smart Flying Organisms (300122): hpv  in the development of product pipelines, progressing towards “agent + home-grown” two-way virtuous development: 1) n/a
Vaccines have been growing rapidly, new products have been introduced, and CPVs: are about to be approved, and the domestic tuberculosis market is vast.
In 2020, three rounds of clinical entry were launched, with the product currently the highest in the country, with a projected 1 billion net profit volume product; 3) two-fold human rabies: three clinical rounds are expected to be completed in 2020 and are expected to be delivered in 2021; 4) four-priced influenza vaccine: currently in clinical phase three, expected 2021
The company is working on product pipelines, the development of a new crown vaccine is continuing, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities.