(h) The global leader in smart hardware odm (603296.sh) with a multi-business layout showing a strong growth of $10,878 million (Yoy28.76 per cent), benefiting mainly from the increased scale of operations for high-performance computing products;
In the first quarter of 2025, the growth rate was more than 115%, and the net return to the mother was more than 39%. The company opened 1025 with the global smart hardware odm tap, providing product development to the operational manufacturing end-to-end service. The company was founded in s0980526001.
In 2005, it was the leading global smart-product platform-type enterprise that specializes in the development, manufacture and operation of smart hardware products. Companies cover business plates such as high-performance computing, smart terminals, alot and other, automobile and industrial products, and the main products include smart phones, laptops, and other products.
Smart hardware such as tablet computers, smart bracelets/watches, tws headphones, alot products, and servers. Better than the 3+n+3 strategy in large markets (for the first time) achieves smart ecological synergy and core odmm competencies create core competitiveness. "3+n+3"
The strategy is based on smartphones, laptops, data centre 3 core operations, generating a mix of N-type products, further expanding the three emerging areas of robotics, software, auto electron, and working to achieve a 52-week maximum/minimum price
odmm requires companies to have core capabilities for efficient operation, R & D design, advanced production, and sophisticated architecture, thereby creating core competitiveness through synergistic integration of resources. Arithmetic demand has led to high growth in data operations and diversification of business competitiveness.
At the same time, corporate non-mobile business accounts for more than 70% of annual revenue growth, and diversified businesses like wear, alot, and automobiles are growing fast. Consider the company’s leading position in the smart hardware odm industry and its ability to build ecological synergies in hardware.
The value advantage of odm in the industrial chain will be more pronounced, with an eye on artificial intelligence, cloud computing, 5g high speed development rating “better than the big market” for the incremental coverage of ai servers, aipc, ai smartphones, smart wears, aiot, etc.
Technology iterative risk; international trade friction and policy limiting risk; risk of price volatility of major raw materials; risk of a decline in the market size of odm; market competition risk; risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
In 2005, the company was created as the world's leading smart-product platform-type firm, specialized in the development and development of smart hardware products.
Production of manufacturing and operating services. After two decades of deep-farming intelligent hardware odm, companies have now developed into large science and technology R & D manufacturing firms with advanced intelligent hardware research and development manufacturing capabilities and ecological platform building capabilities, leading market shares in the global consumer electronics odm and with a unique industrial chain.
After two decades of exploration and development, the company is currently going through five major stages of development: 1, 2005-2009: the mobile idh phase. At its inception, the company was mainly involved in the functional mobile idh service, covering only the R & D design chain in the mobile phone industry, and in the form of the R & D design programme and high hardware and software.
The company gradually transitioned from the idh business model to the odm business model, with the first manufacturing base officially launched in 2009 and started to produce the whole machine.
Since 2013, the company has expanded from smartphones to flat-plate computer odm operations. 3, 2015-2019: smart end multi-type odm phase. The company is moving into a fast-growing phase of product lines.
By 2015, the company’s strategic layout of the laptop market became one of the representative companies in the global laptop odm market. In 2016, the company created its first children’s smart watch product, began to enter the market, and began to deploy alot products.
In the area of servers, an autonomous server team was set up, starting in 2019. 4, 2020-2024: the smart hardware platform phase. The company is closely focused on the strategic layout and, while consolidating the leading position of products such as smart phones, tablets, etc., has increased the development of laptops, smart wears, alots.
In late 2024, the company upgraded the Global Smart Product Platform 3+n+3 strategy to build a core of odmm capabilities and to build a global layout of 1+5+5 and a global layout of gina+vmi.
Production of manufacturing bases that serve the ecological layout of global science and technology clients, working to become full-scale suppliers of infrastructure construction in the larger context of the digital economy.
The global smart products platform business strategy, based on mature operations at the smartphones, laptops, data centre “3” hub, generates a “n” combination of products covering intelligent life, commercial digital productivity and the data centre-wide solution, and further expands the robotic, software, auto-electronic “3” universe
Emerging areas meet the needs of global science and technology clients for intelligent products. Through the 3+n+3 smart products platform, a stereo business mix serves the ecological layout of global science and technology clients and works to become a full-scale provider of infrastructure in the larger context of the digital economy.
The company focuses on the intelligent hardware industry, which covers high-performance computing, smart terminals, alot and other, automobiles and industrial products.
The company’s product lines cover smart hardware products such as smart phones, laptops, tablets, smart wears, alot products, and servers, with the following main lines of business:
High-performance computing operations: personal computers, tablets, and data products. In the area of personal computers, companies have established good partnerships with well-known brand clients, both domestically and internationally, with a steady diversification of clientele and a growing market share; in the area of tablets, companies are now entering the international front-line brand supply chain and are currently in the lead.
Global flagship enterprises in the field of flat-plate computer odm: In the area of data products, the company has become a strong R & D capability and manufacturing level in the area of server odm, capable of providing universal servers, storage servers, ai servers, an all-store mix of switchboard products, and has established close cooperation with a number of well-known cloud producers in the country.
In the area of smart phones, companies serve world-class end-use manufacturers, become important suppliers to many well-known domestic and international end-makers, and are smart hands.
Global champions in the field of machinedm: In the area of smart clothing, companies have entered the ranks of suppliers of a number of well-known brand manufacturers in the areas of smart watches, smart handrings, wireless headphones, etc. 3, alot and others: new and emerging hardware products such as corporate design and production of smart homes, xr, games products, etc.
In the area of smart households, the production of audio products, home-controlled products, ipcamera, etc., the delivery of products, breaking through core projects in the field of xr, play products, the production of products developed in cooperation with clients,4 automobiles and industrial products: in the area of automobile electronics, the company has now been built to contain hardware, software, etc.
Full-store self-research capabilities, including hmi, testing, etc., and through Car Code-certified manufacturing centres, breakthroughs have been made in three major business modules: smart cabins, display screens, and smart driving; in the area of industrial products, companies have become multiple scenes, smart terminal solutionrs, designed to produce smart posss, industrial pdas, face recognition of new retail end-of-life
There are five major research and development centres in Shanghai, East China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Nanchang, Xian, Tinless, covering mobile phones, table boards, pen power, smart appliance, data centre products, motor power, etc., is a product design development for all areas of smart hardware. The global layout has five major manufacturing bases: Nanchang, Dong-jung, two major domestic manufacturing centres and three major overseas manufacturing bases in Viet Nam, Mexico, India (vmi), and now India, India.
In Viet Nam, end-products are delivered on a large scale, and the Mexican manufacturing system accelerates the layout of the system, creating a competitive advantage for global customers.
New definitions, i.e., the core competencies of efficient operation, research and development design, advanced manufacturing and precision structure (mechanical). In terms of efficient operation, companies continuously upgrade global capacity for volume delivery and internal operating efficiency; in terms of R & D design, public
(b) In advanced manufacturing, companies continue to implement the concept of smart manufacturing, sophisticated manufacturing and the continuous development of the automation, digitization and enrichment of factories to meet the diverse delivery needs of global clients; and in sophisticated structural units, public goods and services.
Through vertical integration of firms with the advantage of sophisticated modelling, the Division upgrades innovation and stable delivery of company parts and components. Continuous investment in research and development and construction of technology-protected rivers. In 2024, the company invested $5.16 billion in research and development and continued technological innovation in the areas of structural design, hardware design, software development, etc.
By the end of 2024, the company had received 5950 intellectual property rights, 1798 software copyrights, 1330 patents for valid inventions, and 32 overseas patents.
51% of the division’s shares, 51% of the Shanghai Hyan Information Technology Co. Ltd., held indirect shares in the company, with a total of 23.76% of the department’s shares, thus being in real control of the company.
Annually, corporate revenue grew from $30,881 million to $10,878 million, corresponding to 23.6 per cent of the cagr, where the net profits of the company returned to the mother grew rapidly. Among these, the significant increase in net profits in 2020 benefited mainly from a simultaneous increase in the revenue model and the Māori rate. Overall, corporate sales continued to grow and operating revenues remained high.
The company ' s Māori rate fluctuates significantly from year to year, and the net interest rate has remained relatively stable as a whole despite fluctuations in recent years. The Māori rate is 11.33%, the highest in recent years, mainly due to higher R&D costs due to high performance calculations and higher Māori rates for smart end operations, both of which are associated with increased R&D inputs;
Smart phones, laptops, and data businesses, as corporate niches, are firm companies. The current ratio of non-mobile business receipts is over 70 per cent, demonstrating strong corporate outreach and competitive growth in diverse areas.
The company actively embraces the trend of the aipc industry and works with its clients to produce a continuous volume of output. In the case of flat panels, in 2024, the company ' s learning table board for its clients was well marketed and achieved on the education and training track.
Innovation breakthroughs. With regard to data operations, companies have continued to secure core supplier status, taking advantage of computing and network integration technology to become core suppliers to a number of well-known domestic Internet producers; in 2024, data business revenue increased by 178.8 per cent on a par.
Global leaders in the field, with hundreds of millions of shipments over the years; companies continuously upgrading their smartphone hardware and ability to actively integrate and enhance customer stickyness. In 2024, corporate smart-tailored products increased by 74.7 per cent, becoming a major supplier of wearing-type products to the world ' s head; and active audio alluvials.
Products, tws, cover mainstream Andre clients; products such as corporate smart watch flagships, with 2 million through their superior performance, show a strong development shot. The company worked with North American Internet customers to achieve global mainstream client research and development and volume delivery of xr products. At the same time, the company is a smarter.
In terms of business models, companies have developed a jdm model for software and hardware research and development design.
In the area of industrial products, companies have achieved product delivery for their overseas clients, including high-performance computing, smart terminals, alot and other, automobile and industrial products.
The assumptions for profit projections are as follows: high performance computing operations: high growth in the volume of laptops delivered by companies in 2024, keeping in view the changes and increases brought about by the pc industry into the upper cycle and aipc after the recovery period; and with artificial intelligence technology
• Smart terminal operations: as chip computing increases, generation-style technology opens up a new cycle of innovation in the consumer electronics industry, there is a significant increase in the delivery of smart terminal equipment, such as iphones, and the company as smart cell phone odm
The taps are growing further in the current innovation cycle, while the wearing of smart devices, represented by smart handrings and smart watches, is at a fast-growing stage, and companies, as major suppliers of global wear-type products, are expected to do so as well as other business: the continuous development of communications technology, the spread of the 5g network and the development of generation ai technology
The exhibition has allowed the AI terminals, represented by alot, to flourish with artificial intelligence, large data holdings, keeping in mind that the company's alot-related operations, especially smart homes, xr, games, etc., will continue to grow steadily. Automobile and industrial products are expected to grow: with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the automobile electronics industry as a whole is moving towards electric power.
In addition, in 2024, the company's power plant, industrial equipment and products were delivered to customers overseas, and the company was working as a solutionr for multiple scenario-based smart terminals.
Steady growth in the area of industrial products, with company revenue from automobile and industrial products projected to increase on a year-to-year basis in 2025-2027, major rates: taking into account the company's projected cost-rate control based on past period cost rates; pessimistic scenario: assuming a growth rate of corporate revenue and equity gains in the event of unforeseen negative changes in industry and companies
The distribution ratio decreased by 2 per cent over the neutral scenario, operating cost ratios, management costs, R & D rates, sales fees Optimization: if industry and companies undergo unforeseen positive changes, assume a growth rate of corporate revenue, equity companies are mainly engaged in R & D, manufacturing and operating services for smart hardware products, product lines cover intelligence
Taking into account the company’s business characteristics, we use a relative valuation method to estimate the company’s reasonable valuation range. We choose to hear about Thai technology, coronary technology, stand-by technology, Gore shares, wave information, luminous technology, and how to do it.
Competing companies. Among them, Stewardship is an enterprise that combines R & D design and production of a single semiconductor, product integration, which provides a global mainstream brand with semiconductor, new electronic components, smart phones, tablets, laptops, smart hardware.
Design and production of manufacturing services, including new products, id design, structure design, hardware development, software development, production manufacturing, supply chain management, etc.
The product odm industry, which provides specialized smart products for head consumer electronic branders and leading technology firms, has developed product layouts covering smart phones, aipc, auto electrons, flatboard computers, smart watches/handrings, tws headphones, mr/ar/ai glasses.
The elite is a leading industry in the field of sophisticated manufacturing, mainly in the areas of consumer electronics, communications and data centres, vehicles, medical-related zero components, modular and system integration operations, and in the provision of one-stop multi-material core parts, modules and system-level products to clients.
The Gore shares provide clients with vertical integration product solutions for precision zero components and smart hardware whole machines, and related design research and development and production manufacturing services. The main business consists of precision zero component operations, smart acoustics and smart hardware operations, and the main product consists of sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural components, etc.
And smart hardware products such as vr/ar/mr, smart wireless headphones, smart wearables, smart home video games and accessories, and smart home. Wave information is the world’s leading IT infrastructure product, program, and service provider, providing cloud computing to customers.
In terms of arithmetic, the company develops a new generation of system-centred computing structures, develops open, diverse, green, intelligent meta-brain computing products and programmes, and provides a powerful platform for artificial intelligence innovation and application.
SKH is the leading home-grown ems enterprise, which has worked to build a world-class e-manufacturing platform for semi-finished and finished products such as consumer electronics, cybercommunications, auto-electronics, new energy, etc., including consumer electronics (smart phones, tablets), auto-electronics.
The leading advantage is the growth of data centre products in the current process of artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and high-speed development of 5g, especially i-servers, laptop computers, especially aipc, smartphones, and i-phones.
We look at the company's leading position in the smart hardware odm industry, and we think that the value advantage of the odm in the industrial chain that has the ability to build the ecological synergy of the hardware will be more pronounced, while looking at the growth opportunities that artificial intelligence, cloud computing, 5g high-speed hair offers for i servers, aipc, ai smartphones, smart wears, aiot, etc.
In line with the relative valuations mentioned above, we believe that the reasonable interval between corporate valuations is $886-96 billion, corresponding to calculations based on more hypothetical assumptions, in particular the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies, which are integrated into the judgement of many individuals, leading to the risk of deviations in valuations.
In the valuation method, we select companies that are the same or similar to the company's business and get a reasonable range of valuations of companies under the relative valuation method through a pe valuation, where companies may be at risk of downward valuation if the overall market risk preferences change, the valuation centre adjusts downwards.
In profit projections, we look at the company's leading position in the smart hardware odm industry, while looking at the growth opportunities of artificial intelligence, cloud computing, high-speed 5g development for i servers, aipc, i smartphones, smart wear, aiot, etc., and are therefore expected to grow in 2025-2027.
1. Industry cycle risks. Companies are mainly engaged in R & D, manufacturing, and operating services for smart hardware products. Smart hardware products, which do not themselves have a clear sectoral periodicity, but which account for a high share of corporate ownership, are inevitably influenced by the macroeconomic landscape.
The impact of friction, among other things, is that the global macroeconomic environment is characterized by clear cyclical fluctuations, and that the growth in the market capacity of smartphones in the consumer electronics industry is slowing. Should the global economic downturn occur in the future, it will have a negative impact on the firms’ industries.
2. Product R & D risks. In order to remain competitive, companies need to continue to invest in technological innovation and R & D, develop new and emerging technology programmes and products, and their current product R & D orientation is in line with global trends in the area of smart hardware and the orientation of major national industries. With big data,
New technologies such as interconnectivity, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc. are constantly evolving and emerging, and the technology and products of smart hardware are being upgraded. Because of the speed with which products in the consumer electronics industry are being expanded and updated, companies can do so if their product development, technology orientation and market trends do not match, or if their future R&D investments are insufficient.
It can waste R & D and production resources and miss market opportunities, thereby creating risks to future company business performance in terms of technology overlaps. Smart hardware is a consumer electronics product, and technology updates are faster. Currently, with 5g communications, embedded software development, multiple intake technology, health monitoring technology and artificial intelligence technology,
Development, and intelligent hardware, is becoming increasingly powerful. If the technology of a future company lags behind that of an industrial competitor, or if the technology direction of the company deviates from the mainstream trend of market development, the company's continued profitability.
Foreign-supplier procurement. As the international market economy has become more volatile and competitive, targeted protection of international trade among some countries for political reasons and further strengthening of trade barriers through increased tariffs and restrictions on imports and exports may lead to supply restrictions for some raw materials of companies, among other things.
It affects the demand for corporate products from downstream customers in countries and regions where the products are exported. Thus, if new protectionist policies and measures are introduced in future sub-national or regional exports of the company’s main products, they will affect the export of the company’s products or the import of raw materials, thereby adversely affecting the company’s performance.
1. Risk of fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials. The main raw materials procured by the company include electronic components, structural devices, packaging, etc.
The operating position and profitability of companies may be adversely affected by factors such as upstream production capacity supply, supplier strategy adjustments, force majeure and other factors that lead to large fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials purchased by companies, or where raw materials production capacity is strained, supply shortages and even cessation of supply.
Smart hardware is a consumer electronics product that is more affected by the consumer electronics industry cycle. If the macroeconomic environment or the consumer electronics industry environment fluctuates in the future, consumer demand for consumer electricity sub-products decreases, or because customers adjust their product strategies, for example by adopting the in-house model.
In recent years, smart hardware products have become widely available worldwide, industries have become more competitive, and brand manufacturers have gradually increased their demand for Odm's R & D production capacity.
Technology trends in business development may lose some of the high-end product orders. At the same time, some of the ems manufacturers and key parts manufacturers have gradually moved into the field of odm in recent years, which has also led downstream customers to propose higher levels of business models, technological capabilities, supply chain management, product quality, product cost, service responsiveness, etc.
Requirement. If a company does not always maintain its competitive advantage in a fiercely competitive market environment, it may have a negative impact on the performance of the company. 4, Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies operate in a number of countries and regions abroad and have established a globalized supply.
The chain system, which allows for a certain proportion of offshore sales and purchases of some raw materials, and sales and purchases of some raw materials outside the company, mainly in United States dollars. In the future, significant fluctuations in exchange rates may have a negative impact on the performance of the Department’s operations.
Figure 13: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 14: Corporate quarterly operating income and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 15: Corporate net profit return and rate of increase (billion yuan, %)
Figure 16: Quarterly net profit and rate of increase for the company (billion yuan, %) Figure 17: Collection of the company ' s sub-products, Figure 18: Māori rate of the company ' s sub-products (%)
Figure 19: Corporate cost rate Figure 20: Corporate Māori rate, net interest rate, cost rate (%) Figure 21: Corporate quarterly cost rate
Figure 22: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, cost rates (%) Author ensures that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality through reasonable judgement and conclusion without any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s previous, present or future absence of studies on the subject