Odm platform company, hugging the one with full power on 10 04, 2025, with a faster growth in performance.
Over the past 10 years, the odm industry has created a distinctive industrial chain and client base, with company clients covering three stars, oppo, millet, vivo, Amazon, conjecture, magnanim, Huatsu, Sony, among other well-known brands. In 2023, the net profits from the collection and repatriation of companies were 853.4 million yuan and 2.71 billion yuan, a decrease of 7.89 per cent and an increase over the previous year.
The business to be done includes high performance calculations, smart terminals, alot products and other operations, automobiles and industry, 1h24, with a ratio of 56.31 per cent, 31.43 per cent, 4.68 per cent, 1.63 per cent, respectively. Consumer electronics: cellular replacements are based and multi-products co-development takes place.
\triangleright’s 28% share of the global mobile odm market was ranked first in the industry. The penetration rate of future smartphones is expected to increase further, leading to more growth opportunities.
Multi-product manufacturing positions such as tablets, headphones, watches, etc. are in the middle of the industry, and multi-product co-development is expected. Research assistant Liber, pc: Back-up show, breaking the monopoly of the plant.
\triangleright aipc penetration increases from year to year and speeds up the replacement cycle. In 2018-2022, company pc section operating income increased from $1,281 million to $23,442 million. As of 1h24, the company's laptop odm industry
Servers: arithmetic well blow-outs, server demand long-brows. Since entering the server market in 2017, company server operations have covered from general-purpose to high-performance ai servers.
Quarterly review in 024: smooth growth in profitability, full product line server operations at $2.67 billion, an increase of 565.34 per cent over the same period, achieved camp performance calculations and ai-driven data-processing requirements in 2023, with masterboard-server-exchanger multi-products co-manufacturing
Automobiles: New energy pulls demand, and car-borne business becomes apparent. As new energy vehicles, unmanned, vehicle-borne information system technology matures, the automobile industry will continue to develop in the future along the path of intelligence, network connectivity, and deep electron subgeneration.
In the four core technical areas of smart cabins, smart network connections, smart car controls and intelligent driving, 1h24 has generated $640 million, an increase of 102 per cent.
More and more, we look at the company’s odm platform layout, where the effects of diversified layouts such as ai servers, auto electrons, aiot, etc. are increasingly reflected, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1xxTechnology: Multi-producer Odm Leader, Multipolar Growth Bank, Stewardship 1.1°dm Producer Leader, Multi-Purpose Industrial Chain Building Core Competitiveness
The main lines of business include smartphones, laptops, tablets, brains, smart wears, design, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, bulk delivery of smart hardware products, such as alot products and services. The company was founded in 2005 and became a mobile idh company in 2007.
Top3, which began in 2015 in the areas of laptops and pc, entered the server area in 2017, car electronics in 2018, and was listed in 2023. The company has gone through various stages of development, ranging from a functional mobile phone idh service to a smart cell phone and a peaceful computer odm, to a multi-material smart hardware platform.
According to the counterpoint and company sales data, in 2021, there were more than 200 million smart hardware shipments worldwide, ranking first in the smart hardware odm industry. In 2021, there were 160 million smartphones, first in the global smart phone odm industry; and one call for sale.
This represents about 5 per cent of the global volume of laptop odm/ems, and is the first share of the world’s top five-platform brand major partner odm companies. Figure 2: Corporate products and downstream customers
Corporate server odm operations provide generic servers for server branders, custom servers for cloud computing system integrators, and are actively involved in the development of data centres for large Internet companies, which initially create a series of product layouts covering cloud ends, edges and terminal scenes across the board; and in a wave, companies
Create a full product coverage of the main board-ai server-high-speed switch-intelligence network adapter to provide a complete ai data centre solution for cloud manufacturers. HALTENT directly serves the intellectual hardware brander and interconnectivity downstream in the smart hardware odm industry
Web vendors, with a wide client base, include three stars, oppo, millet, vivo, Amazon, conjectures, macroses, Huasing, Sony, Tenseng, Ali, bytes. 1.2 Performance increases faster, with high performance calculations becoming important growth poles.
In the first three quarters, 76,010 million yuan was collected, an increase of 17.15 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the rapid expansion of high-performance computing operations, which led to a rise in corporate business income. In the second quarter of 2024, the firm achieved a negative growth; in the third quarter of 2024, it achieved a net return profit of 2.050 billion yuan, a rise in the same year.
Sub-products show that Chinese technology has been expanding its operational boundaries over the past 10 years, starting in 2010 with a forward-looking annual laptop market, a service server odm and alot product market in 2017, and a motor electronics sector in 2018.
As of 29 October 2024, the owner of the company was Mr. Qiu Wensheng, Chairman and Managing Director of the company, holding 4.78 per cent of the direct shares in Shanghai.
51% Science and Technology Ltd., 51% Holdings Shanghai Hyeon Information Technology Ltd., holding a total of 23.76% of the shares of the company. Of the shareholders of other natural persons, the Deputy Chairman of the company, Choi Kuo Peng, directly holds 2.24% of the shares of the company and the Deputy Director General of the department, Wu Jinhai, holds 1.86% of the shares of the company.
The Guang/Shanghai Business Management Partnership holds a platform for corporate staff, with a higher number of holdings, a stable senior manager and core team, and a Chinese technology equity structure as follows: 2 consumer electronics: mobile phone odm global leader, multi-synergized co-development
2.1 Substitutes: Strong support behind brand manufacturers, in the field of electronic hardware replacements, are divided mainly into ems (electronicmanufacturing services), odm (orginaldesignmanufacturer) and idh (indipendentdesignhouse)
The three models are unique and provide different levels and range of services to brand manufacturers. Ems electronics manufacturers mainly provide raw material procurement, manufacturing and logistics distribution services to brand manufacturers, but not product design.
Depending on the content of the service, ems can be divided further into a proxy and a pure proxy model. In a proxy pattern, brands provide the raw materials needed for manufacture, while a pure proxy model is left to the ems manufacturer to purchase the raw materials and perform the manufacturing tasks.
The original design manufacturer of odm provides a full-stream service from product design to manufacturing according to the needs of the brand. Unlike the ems, the odm manufacturer has an autonomous design capability to provide an integrated solution. In recent years, some of the ems manufacturers with stronger R&D capabilities, such as Fauscom and Biade, have also operated.
The advantage of the odm model is that it saves brand manufacturers on R & D costs, speeds up product listing, and ensures product quality and innovation. The idh Independent Design Corporation only conducts product R & D and design based on the needs of brand manufacturers, but production.
This model is suitable for brand manufacturers with strong design levels but lacking design production capacity, and can help idh manufacturers to produce high-quality, high-inventive products. The domestic electronic hardware industry started using the idh model.
There are nearly 100 such enterprises in the market, which are highly competitive and marketed. Although these companies have a certain level of R & D, their services are concentrated in a single design chain, with more limited content and types of services, and cannot cover the entire chain from R & D to manufacturing.
Production service providers gradually transitioning from the idh model to the odm model. 2.2 pcodm has a high penetration rate, and there is still room for improved cellular odm penetration.
In the global electronics market, the odm/idh model has become an important tool for the rapid roll-out of high-value products by brand manufacturers. By providing efficient and economical solutions, both models have helped brand manufacturers to gain a favourable position in competing markets, significantly reducing their R & D and production costs.
In recent years, the odm/idh penetration rate in the pc area has been maintained at more than 80% per year, but intelligently.
The odm/idh mode of penetration in the mobile phone sector has remained at around 40 per cent, significantly below the odm permeability of pc. The differences are mainly due to the high complexity of smartphone design and manufacture, the rapid pace of market demand and technological upgrading, and the willingness of brand manufacturers to design autonomously.
Smart cellular technology is rapidly being upgraded, new functions and new technologies are emerging, such as 5g, fold screens, fast-loading, ai, etc., which require fast-response and high-level technology R & D capabilities from odm manufacturers. However, upgrading R & D capacity requires long-term technological accumulation and substantial investment of resources, leading to higher entry thresholds, many odms
It is difficult for manufacturers to keep up with this fast-changing pace. Because of the intense competition in the smartphone market, branders tend to retain some of the key technology and design autonomy in order to maintain product differentiation and competitive advantage. As a result, brands tend to use Odm manufacturers for production, but maintain some autonomy in design and technology.
In the future, the odm penetration rate in the mobile phone industry is expected to increase slowly, mainly as a result of the following factors: 1) Greater outsourcing of customers. As smartphone markets become more competitive, brand manufacturers begin to outsource more projects to odm with strong R & D and manufacturing capabilities in order to reduce output and speed up product listing.
Producers. For example, prominent brands such as Samsung, Hua, and Opo have gradually increased their cooperation with odm manufacturers to respond more quickly to market demand. 2) Technology and manufacturing capabilities have improved.
With its technological level and production efficiency, it is expected that more brand manufacturers will be able to trust and order in the future. 3) Scale effects and cost advantages. odm manufacturers, by scalding production and integrating supply chains, can provide high-quality and price-competitive products.
Under the circumstances, production costs have been significantly reduced. 2.3 Ideas: smartphones odm/idh competition patterns, smartphones odm/idh competition patterns are evolving and have evolved into dragons in recent years.
The leading firms dominate the market. The three companies, Huaqin Technology, Stewardship Technology, and Dragon Tech, account for a major share of the market. With their strong R & D design and production manufacturing capabilities, these companies become leaders in the market. According to the Counterpoint data, in 2022/2023, the three leading firms together occupied the market.
The share was 75.6 per cent and 75.8 per cent, respectively, while the rest of the market participants included companies such as China-Nob, China-Tianguan, and China-Change.In 2023, China-Change became the largest provider of smartphone odm/idh worldwide, thanks to its 27.9 per cent market share.
As a result of competition, the market share of future industry leaders is expected to increase further.Wingtech, Inc., was established in 2006 as a smartphone in the area of odm/idh.
The main lines of business are the R & D and manufacturing of communications end-products; the primary lines of business are the R & D of semi-conductors and the development and manufacture of new electronic components.
Mainstream brands provide semiconductors, new electronic components, smart phones, tablets, laptops, intellectual hardware, iiot modules, etc., for the design and production of manufacturing services, including new product development, id design, structuring, hardware development, software development, manufacturing, supply chain management.
In view of the historical pattern of the industry and the fact that the transaction is still under way, the report continues to be analysed in the context of the sale intent agreement signed by SIT Ltd. to transfer the shares and assets of the nine subsidiaries associated with the integration of the company ' s products into the odm business to the party designated to do so.
It was founded in 2004 in Shanghai and is also an important participant in the smartphone odm/idh market. It focuses on smart phones, tablets, smart equipment, smart homes, audio products.
In Shanghai, China, Shenzhen, Huezhou, etc., research and development centres have been set up in various locations, with manufacturing industries based in Huezhou, Nanchang, India, Viet Nam, and in Beijing, Viet Nam.
South Korea, Hong Kong, China, and the United States have branches. Head odm/idh manufacturers are highly similar, as major mobile branders generally use multi-supply strategies to spread risk and improve supply chain stability. For example, Huaqin is an important global strategy for China.
In addition to working with the main supplier, Fuscon, Apple has been active for the last two years in supporting suppliers, such as those who are well-informed. Through multiple suppliers, brand manufacturers can quickly obtain support to ensure that a supplier is supplied when problems arise.
The continuity and stability of the response chain, taking advantage of the advantages of different suppliers, is flexible in responding to market changes and material fluctuations, and in improving product quality and productivity.
The initial development (cell phone idh, 2005-2009) was established in 2005 to provide idh services for functional mobile phones, and to provide a high-intensity pcba board for R & D design and software and hardware. At this stage, Huaqin developed a complete R & D system and system management process, together with new and emerging mobile brands in the country.
Producers have built a stable partnership to exercise their ability to deliver differentiated products quickly and efficiently. Transforming and expanding (mobile phones, flatboards, 2010-2014) brands of home-grown mobile phones have created a good market base for the development of home-grown smartphones, and companies have replaced forward-looking judgement smarts.
The functional machine is a necessary trend, starting to shift from the idh mode to the odm mode, capturing the wind of the growth of the smart machine, extending the industrial chain backwards and building its own supply chain. In 2009, the company began building its first manufacturing base, gradually building manufacturing capacity, and in 2013 began to connect to the smartphone odm business.
The fast-growing (multi-grade odm, 2015-2019) companies have been enriching their product lines by building on research and development, manufacturing experience, and client reputations in areas such as tablet computers.
The computer market, which works in partnership with leading companies such as Association, Macro, Hua-seok, Hua-seung, Mi, and others, is gradually becoming a world-wide front-runner. In 2016, China will launch the first child smart watch product, enter the market, and follow up with the introduction of smart posse, auto electron, smart sound, face recognition of new retail end-of-life.
At the end, there are a variety of alots of products. In 2017, you cut into the server field, and started to generate large-scale revenue in 2019. In addition to serving front-line brands in the country, you work with international brands to cover the global market and, through continuous research and development of inputs and model innovations, Chinese technology has gradually established smartphones.
The odm platform taps (intelligent hardware platform, 2020 to date) have built smart hardware platforms.
At the same time, by expanding the market for laptops, smart wears, alots, servers, auto electronics, etc., we are committed to a product strategy of 3+n+3, of which “3” refers to smartphones, laptops, three major components of the data centre; “n” refers to a multi-product mix of products derived from three mature operations, covering intelligent life, commerce.
Digital productivity and data centre back-to-back solutions; the last “3” represents an emerging domain that is expanding dramatically: robotics, auto electronics, software. Huaqin technology has a significant competitive advantage in the smartphone odm/idh model, which is largely reflected in the whole picture.
Process service capabilities, R & D and production manufacturing capabilities, global market layout, and customer customization services. China combines idh and ems models to provide a full-scale process from R & D design, manufacturing to supply chain management services, building on strong core technologies and barriers, achieving a rapid response to customer demand and delivering high-value products.
The company has deployed several modern manufacturing plants around the world, introduced advanced production equipment and management systems, ensured high quality and efficient production of products, and reduced product listing times by optimizing production processes and supply chain management, and focused on customer customization services, providing one-stop solutions from conceptual design, functional development to product production.
By investing a lot of resources each year in research and development, Chinese technology has made several breakthroughs in cutting-edge technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, object networking, aipc, etc., with a large research and development team, covering a wide range of areas such as hardware design, software development, structural design, etc., further consolidating it.
A significant advantage in the development of smartphones. Figure 13: The user of HALK's mobile phone odm business entered the Samsung system in the second half of 2019 and began to supply the size of the three stars in early 2020.
In just one year, Samsung has become the biggest customer in Huaqin. In 2020, Huaqing received $17,603 million in sales from Samsung, accounting for 29.40 per cent of the total sales in that year. By 2022, sales were on the cards, and Samsung's selection and management of the supply chain was more rigorous. Huaqin was involved in product quality, technical capacity and supply chain management.
At the moment, the company’s main clients are known technology companies such as Samsung, Huaieng, Mi, vivo, and Opo, which have established research and development centres and production bases around the world and currently have a headquarters in Shanghai.
Shanghai, East China, Xian, Nanchang, Tianxian 5 R & D centers, Nanchang, Dong-chung, two major domestic manufacturing centers, Viet Nam, Mexico (in planning), and India’s three major overseas manufacturing bases. Huaqin technology has been active in expanding international markets, establishing partnerships with many internationally renowned brands, selling products from Europe, America, South-East Asia, etc., and localizing services.
With regard to warehousing logistics, Chinese technology has built an efficient, integrated and integrated system to cover planned logistics, supply logistics, production logistics and delivery logistics, with production synergies and rapid delivery.
National and regional distribution networks have been established to cover 104 customs ports. The warehouse is structured around two major manufacturing centres and five parks with a total area of more than 100,000 square metres, using a centralized, platformed management model for group warehousing operations.
According to the equivalent of new intelligence technologies, information systems such as wms are integrated into the depth of their operations, moving in the direction of digitalization and intelligence. Companies continue to introduce new logistics equipment, such as smart pick-up shelves, auto-handling robots, unmanned forklifts, to create smart silos and smart unmanned poles, to build soft logistics, intelligent distributions and efficient operations.
On 12 July 2024, the company disclosed that it intended to purchase 80 per cent of the shares of the ILEC Corporation Holdings Ltd., which is owned by ILEC International Limited, in cash of HK$ 2.85 billion, that the ILEC Main Company was engaged in the development and manufacture of acoustic whole machines and spare parts, that it had more than 20 years of audio research and development and manufacturing experience, and that it was involved in acoustic components.
The firm completed the acquisition of 80% of the shares in the Iloda holdings at the end of the 24th of the year, and after the completion of the cut-off, the Irodar holdings officially became Chinese technology.
After this acquisition, Iluda will create effective synergies with smart wear operations such as the original tws in Walle, facilitating the integration of supply chains and customer resources, continuously optimizing product structures in the area of smart wear, and is expected to extend cooperation to other product lines of large North American clients in the future.
In the area of smart phones, the endogenous growth momentum in emerging markets such as South-East Asia, India, Latin America and Central and East Africa will continue to fuel the growth in global smartphone output, with the prevailing prices of the relevant regions being located within the Odm machine-type price range, which will help to continue to improve the delivery and penetration of the Odm model.
Emerging markets will be the main driving force behind future growth in the volume of smartphones. From smartphone prices, it appears that emerging markets like India and Africa are growing because of their per capita disposable income, and that prices for smart phones in the region are located in the Odm machine-type, where they are the best and most competitive odm manufacturers.
At the same time, domestic brands such as Mi, oppo and vivo are actively setting up their operations, odm-headings are also actively developing overseas production capabilities.
In the future, as the capacity of emerging markets continues to grow, odm head manufacturers will continue to cooperate with domestic head brands to sea to build a global R & D, manufacturing, and delivery system that will serve as an integrated service platform for global smart products.
As the global market for smartphones continues to evolve and as technology evolves rapidly, Chinese technology holds great promise in the operations of smartphone odm/idh. With its strong R & D and production capacity, extensive market layout, and deep customer relationships, companies are expected to continue to expand their market share and consolidate their presence in the coming years.
3pc: Backward show breaks the Taiwan monopoly 3.1pc changed three times and aipc started a new growth cycle
In 2000-2010, pc went through a major upgrade – the Intel Net Cards increased the performance and responsiveness of pc with the power nuclear processors and solid hard drives, and the rise of markets in developing countries gave new impetus to the growth of pc industries, driving global pc shipments from 2000 to 2010 from 100 million to more than 300 million.
From 2010 to 2019, pc sales entered the bottom cycle after peaking in 2011, as smartphones and tablets replaced some of the laptops. According to gartner, pc shipments fell from 365 million in 2011 to 261 million in 2019.
Starting in 2020, the demand for teleworking and online education increased significantly, directly contributing to the increase in sales of pc. According to gartner, the global volume of pc shipments reached 339 million in 2021, an increase of about 20 per cent compared to the previous year.
As the product of aipc matures, the pc market is expected to see a full new growth cycle. According to the company’s annual report, the annual compound growth rate of the pc market in 2023-2028 is projected to be 3.7%, while the share of the odm is expected to remain constant.
The growing ecological maturity of aipc hardware and software is expected to drive aipc penetration rate up from year to year and accelerate the replacement cycle. Aipc uses lighter, more arithmetic hardware configurations, higher requirements for heat radiation and structural design, and requires stronger software capabilities to meet ecological construction needs.
The company, with its combined capacity of hardware and software, is expected to increase the value added of its products and drive the growth of its output, thereby sustaining the high growth of its laptop business plate. 3.2 Deep integration of advantages, breaking the monopoly of the plant.
In 2015, the company began to deploy laptops and launch a first-phase pc product with Xuan. The company built two major manufacturing centres at Nanchang and Dong-jung in the country to respond to the needs of global customers.
India, Viet Nam, Mexico (in planning) deployed manufacturing bases, connected supply chains, and expanded operations. In 2020, the electricity business generated $13,251 billion, the first of its kind. Since then, pc has been growing rapidly. By 2021, the power camp had reached $20 billion, accounting for 25.6 per cent of the total.
In the 1980’s, Taiwan’s laptop odm/ems established partnerships with HP, Dale, ibm, and other international leading pc brands.
In 2021, the top five producers of odm/ems, according to the market share, were all Taiwan-based producers. The ratio of sales to those of Guangda, Jenbao, Latsaka, Ying Da, and Shizuku was 33 per cent.25 per cent (11 per cent.9 per cent per cent per year) and to those of China for the last three years.
In recent years, with the transfer of traditional production bases such as Inbao and Guangta in Taiwan, the mainland region has gradually improved the pc supply chain, and the laptop odm industry is gradually shifting to the mainland region. In the light of the trend towards thinning of pc products, smartphone odm manufacturers have a unique advantage in product design; pc products and products
The new and emerging odm company, represented by Chinese technology, is becoming an important player in the field of laptop odm, which, starting in 2015, will be lightened, narrow bordered, etc.
Technology advantages have been successfully transferred to the pc area, which has been recognized by head brands and has successfully opened up such customers as conglomerates, macros, Huashue, and Mi. At present, Huaqinpc is made up of three major client groups: traditional customers such as one association; Chinese customers such as Hua-suk and Hong-sung; and smartphones such as Hua-hung, Glory, Mi and Sam-sung.
The company’s pc business is expected to increase its market share among first- and second-class clients, while the former smartphone customer’s pc sales growth has led to higher corporate turnover, and pc’s business development has become more dynamic. Huaqin has transferred supply chain integration capabilities from mobile phone to laptops, along with China.
In comparison with their counterparts in the Gulf, Huaqin’s research and development and manufacturing are located in mainland China. The Nanchang plant has achieved a high concentration of R & D, manufacturing, and operation, and has achieved significant efficiency gains by connecting the industrial chain.
In addition to taking the lead in the traditional x86 architecture (Intel, amd) aipc, and building on the advantage of the development of cellular arm structures (high access platforms, etc.), the layout of the arm architecture pc platform, which is represented by high access, has been built into the cpu, gpu and npu machine-sized pen electrical products.
It is expected to play an important role in the area of aipc, particularly with regard to the accumulation of software. It has a total of 1,596 software copyrights with complete multi-system, multi-platform software programme design, research and development, system integration capabilities, including android application development, embedding, etc.
Software architecture programme design and development, multi-platform architecture development and calibration capabilities, such as arm and x86, can be adapted to product programme delivery across the area, with a rate of 48.34%. Based on counterpointresearch and corporate sales data, company pc, 2021
Over 10 million shipments, accounting for about 5% of the world ' s pcodm. In 2018-2022, corporate income from the pc plate grew from $1,281 million to $23,442 million, with annual compound growth of 17.57% over the same period last year.
Unique. As of 1h24, the company's market share of laptop odm has reached the top four in the world, becoming the only continental company with an annual volume of more than 10 million graders. 4 servers: ari arithmetic blowout, the server needs a rainbow.
4.1ai Servers: Increasing market demand for boosters Servers are high-performance computers serving other client machines in the network; high-speed cpu operations are capable of running reliably over a long period of time, strong i/o external data absconding capacity and better
With the application of web-based technologies such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and object networking, the core number of cpu, the core number of individual cpu, in the Internet, is nearing its limit, but the increase in data is continuing, and it is necessary to upgrade the server ' s data-processing capacity that the ai server should be shipped.
Aai server is a high-performance computer device specifically designed for artificial intelligence applications that can support complex tasks such as large-scale data processing, model training, reasoning computing, etc. Ai server is usually equipped with powerful processors, high-speed memory, high-capacity and high-speed storage systems, and efficient radiative systems to meet artificial intelligence algorithms.
High demand for computing resources. Cloudsideai servers are deployed in cloud computing centres to provide services via the Internet, with the advantages of flexibility and resource sharing.
Disaggregated by deployment deployed to the edge of data generation or use, capable of real-time processing of data, reducing transmission delays, increasing response
The one server focuses on high-performance computing needs for deep learning and neurological network tasks, while the general service server focuses more on universal computing needs. The selection of the right server depends on the actual application scenario and the negative job of the one, whose output is growing rapidly, in the light of the high demand for arithmetic.
According to China Business Research Institute data, in 2024, Chineseai servers were expected to reach 421,000 in 2024.
Annual growth of 18.93 per cent. Figure 22: Number of Chinese ai servers (millions) in 2020-2024. Server markets are divided into two main categories: brand servers and white odm (original design manufacturer) clothing
Traditional large-scale firms tend to buy standardized servers from brand servers. 2024q1 dells, waves, ideas, Hewlett-Packards, micro and other brand manufacturers have strong brand influence, comprehensive services and services.
Unlike traditional firms, the servers required by cloud computing firms are more customized to suit their specific business needs. Servers need to be easily extended, delivered, and managed to support the flexibility and scalability of cloud computing services.
White-plate server manufacturers are able to meet the specific needs of cloud computing firms by providing customised server solutions. Odm manufacturers such as Hiroshima, Latitude, etc., account for 36% of the market value of the server market.
The model allows brand manufacturers to take advantage of the production capacity and cost-effectiveness of the odm factory. The i-driven data centre industry flourishes, and the server odm market opens up new opportunities.
Reshaping the server market, Internet companies are pushing the server growth. Brand manufacturers continue to dominate traditional areas, and odm producers now have a relatively small market share. However, according to Chinese technology projections, with digitalization and the emergence of artificial intelligence, the annual compound growth of market size will be achieved from 2023 to 2028.
11.4%, of which the demand for mega-data centres has increased significantly, is expected to increase the output of the odm manufacturer and the share of the city. Many Internet companies have started to work directly with the odm manufacturer to customize server products that match their business needs. The odm market volume continues to grow. At the same time, they have consumer electronics.
The design and development experience and the size manufacturing capacity of odm companies have also started to expand to the server market. Digitimes data show that the total share of the Ai server was 85.1 per cent for the top five cloud producers up to 2023, the share of the top five cloud producers is projected to drop to 77 per cent by 2024, and the top four are still in the replacement plant.
At the stage (level6, the manufacturing phase of the cpu main board), the British sector accounted for 50 per cent of the total, and the second was the main supplier of the google high-level one server, celestica, which accounted for 15.5 per cent of the total, and the third largest supplier of the Google high-level one.
By 11.5 per cent. Figure 25: Higher-level-ai server-l6-generation plant output ratio in 2023: 4.2 wt. technology: building a new server growth curve
The company has developed a critical growth area for data centres to facilitate rapid and high-quality business development. Server operations are one of the major incremental markets that Huaqin technology is currently actively digging for. In 2017, Huaqin technology moved into the server area, starting to create an autonomous server team, which began to generate large-scale revenue in 2019, and a company server in 2022.
The main business income was $2.67 billion, an increase of 565.34% over last year’s year’s. The company’s data product business grew rapidly, with a three-fold increase in its data business in 2023, a one-server was first issued, and a one-server was a leader among its head csp clients.
Data operations are expected to more than double in 2024, yielding RMB 20 billion in counterpart income, and the full-storage of ai servers, general servers, storage servers and switchboards has been achieved among head csp clients. The company has established close cooperation with a number of well-known national cloud producers and has achieved product delivery and delivery.
The company is a small number of manufacturers in the country that can provide a full-store mix of products, ranging from ai servers, a universal server, an asymmetrical artificial intelligence service, a switch to a storage server, which initially creates a series of product layouts covering cloud ends, edges and terminal scenes.
Corporate server odm operations mainly provide generic servers for server branders, custom servers for cloud computing system integrators, ai servers, and are actively participating in the number of large Internet companies.
The industry is well-structured, and data security and privacy is guaranteed. The Chinese data centre operates under a "two-wheel drive" strategy that focuses on serving Chinese head cloud producers, ensuring that customer data is privacy and security and is consistent with domestic customers.
High-level requirements for data security, high matching requirements. Huaqin is committed to providing a full-time and one-stop service covering a wide range of areas, ranging from universal ai to Internet cards and switches, which achieves full-scale access to and delivery of the main products in many cloud manufacturers, further expanding market share, and integrated production capacity to provide security for data privacy.
A strong R & D base with global client resources. From cellular odm, companies have advanced production manufacturing capabilities and technological experience with full product lines, creating a stronger R & D capability and production manufacturing level that can be developed for full chain services such as design, procurement, manufacturing, functionality realization, quality control, etc., to form head Internet manufacturers and
A two-wheel-drive market strategy for channel industry clients. The company’s research and development team will follow up and validate the newest platform’s gpu product for customer import, and will continuously enhance the application of the Internet vendor data centre cluster, both on the side of training and on the side of reasoning, to increase market ownership.
In 2025, capital spending on the country’s top Internet enterprise increased. In the third quarter of 2024, capital spending amounted to $17.1 billion, or 96 per cent of the ring, mainly for gpu procurement to support the training and reasoning needs of the ai; Alibaba announced that capital spending in the fourth quarter of 2024 amounted to $31.78 billion, or 81.6 per cent, and went to one.
Increased strategic investment in the Ia area over the next three years exceeds the sum of the last 10 years by more than RMB 380 billion. China has an advantage in the share of the main head client's Ia server, while the share of the universal server and switchboard continues to increase.
5 Automobiles: New-energy automobiles pull demand, car-car operations show up, according to data released by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, in 2023, China first sold more than 30 million cars, first ranked as the world’s leading car exports, and China’s automobile industry moved to a new stage of development.
With a record high of 26,124,000 and 26,063,000, respectively, in 2023, new energy vehicles continued to grow at a rapid rate of 9 million, with more than 30 per cent of the market, leading the global electric car market.
As new energy vehicles, unmanned vehicles, vehicle-borne information systems technologies mature, the future automobile industry will continue to evolve along the path of intelligence, network connectivity and deep electronicization, and will drive the demand for products and technologies such as networked communication modules, control screens, smart dashboards, etc.
Innovative capabilities, scale effects, customer advantage in the area of automobiles will continue to grow, and will play a key role in the new technological revolution in car digitization. Huaqin, based on a global smart hardware platform, will be fully integrated into the area of car electronics, focusing on smart car collars.
Intelligent, Electrified, web-connected products and technologies, product-covering smart cabins, smart network connections, smart car controls, and smart driving, are designed to provide full-store solutions to clients. Since 2024, there have been significant changes in the client structure of automobile operations.
Small and medium-sized cars in the country have been working together for 23 years, starting to become more mainstream. In the future, companies are planning to further deepen their domestic mainframes' cooperation and the development of global mainframes.
Millions of car companies, such as Chirre, and overseas markets such as Japan. At present, the company has reached over 20 partnerships with domestic auto-owned mainframes, new power-making head-head customers, etc., and has completed high-access 8155 platform output.
The company's products cover several core areas of new energy vehicles: smart seating plates, smart hardware at the car's level, and on products, the company has a mainstream seating platform and smart network products, and the product covers multiple platforms, depending on demand.
Customized development, operation, manufacture and deepening of partnerships with clients; smart car control plates, where companies have developed platform-based vcu products by pre-reading smart gateways and next-generation domain integration products jointly with clients;
Companies are developing rapidly in the area of auto-electronics, and the current layout of their products is concentrated in cabins, smart drivers, controls, and higher value of their products. Companies have significant advantages in R & D, supply, and manufacturing capabilities. In terms of R & D, companies have developed mature development experience in the area of arm structures and Andres in the past.
Engineer with relevant development experience; in terms of supply capacity, companies have accumulated large supply chains in the consumption of electronics and data business areas in the past, and have established long-term partnerships with upstream suppliers to provide a stable supply of spare parts for the mainframe plant; in terms of manufacturing capacity, past Odm manufacturing experience can be migrated to auto power.
In sub-areas, corporate products are recognized as competitive in the customer ' s market, and customer approval is obtained for full cabin delivery and intelligent driving manufacturing capacity, and orders are growing. 1. Development of smart instrumentation, control machines, cabins based on leading cabin chip platforms (high access, UNDG, etc.).
Products such as car-mounted smart seating systems; 2. A soft and hard separation programme based on the leading automobile industry and service-oriented architecture. 1, Development of autopilot controls based on leading autopilot platform design, driver fatigue detection
Automated driving system equipment Functionally secure, capable of carrying products from an autopilot experience at the level of 12/l3/l4 in passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles.1 Integration of car-borne entertainment systems with t-box;2 modulation and modulation of cellular network data,
(b) Addressing the need for additional network reception and dispatch units on vehicles for cellular network communications;3 reducing the complexity of whole vehicle design and reducing the overall design costs of the cabin system;4 and meeting vehicle performance and reliability requirements.
6. Profit forecast and investment recommendation 6.1 Profit projection assumption and business split Smart terminal: the company ' s business module consists of mobile phones and smart wear business, 1h24 achieving operating income
$12.4 billion, or 33 per cent of the income of the main business, the company is the world's largest cellular odm manufacturer, affected by macro-environmental fluctuations, and global mobile phone sales are down by the same scale in 23 years, with 24 years expected to resume growth in sales, with 3q24 global mobile phone sales reaching 316.1 million, according to the idc news, a year-on-year increase.
4.0% long, with five consecutive quarters of growth, the business is expected to fall in 24 years due to 24 years of delivery, mostly of 23 years of low price orders. The mobile phone industry is entering an increasingly competitive stock market, and branders, for reasons of downscaling or handing over more models to the odm manufacturer, have long-term logical analysis for the company.
Business receipts are expected to increase as mobile phone odm penetration increases. Smart watches and tws earphones are now tending to concentrate from white to branders, companies have strong partnerships with brands like Hua, Mi, Opo, and vivo, and smart wear products benefit from this trend.
In 2023, ILD earned HK$ 4,549 million in net profits, and ILD will make a significant contribution to the performance of smart terminal operations. In the light of this, we expect a similar decline in the rate of Maori for smart terminal operations; given that the industry has gradually returned to benign competition in 24 years, the price of the orders has warmed.
High-performance computing: The company's business consists of personal computer business, flat-board computer business, and data product business, which accounts for 60% of the income of the main business, and the plate replaces mobile phones as the company's main growth point. The company's personal computer industry grew its share of the global market in 2023, and laptops' odm business remained the world's top four.
Pc multi-products produce a steady increase in their share. The flat-plate sector has long maintained the top global odm ranking, maintained a high market share of the flat-plate computers, and managed to operate robustly over the long term. The company expects that in 2024, the revenue from its data business will have exceeded $20 billion, and the i new chip platform industry will take the lead in delivering the goods for its client's artificial intelligence.
Model training and industry reasoning scenes have created a strong research and development capability and production level in the field of server odm, with a 25-year corporate data business target of 30 billion won. Canalys expects that pc sales in 2025 will increase by 8% over 2023, interest in artificial intelligence and an arm-equipped pc
We expect high-performance computing and server operations to grow in size from 2024 to 2026, gradually reflecting cost-side advantages, and the overall Māori ratio is expected to rise.
Automobiles and industry: The company ' s business consists of automobile electronics and industrial products, with 1h24 auto electrics and industrial products generating operating income of $640 million, an increase of 102 per cent, or 1.73 per cent, over the same period. In automotive electronics, the company has now been built to include hardware, software, hmi, testing, etc.
In the area of industrial products, companies design and produce intelligence.
Possibilities, industrial pdas, face recognition of new retail terminals, new smart hardware products, and many well-known terminal manufacturers, as well as customers from overseas industries, are working together. With the increasing levels of car digitization and the rising electronic costs of bicycles, the global electronics market has risen rapidly, with the Institute of Medium-Industry projected to be in 2024.
The global automobile electronics market will be 241.5 billion dollars in size. The company’s automobile electronics business has completed multiple headline targeting, and as it moves into the order delivery phase, the business is entering a high growth period, with a 1h24 increase in reference size, and the cost advantages of bulk purchasing, production lines sharing, etc. are more pronounced, and the Māori rate is clearly on the rise.
Alot: The company alot 24 achieved operating income of $1.84 billion, an increase of 316 per cent, or 5 per cent, of the main business income. Huaqin technology is currently one of the most productive odm companies in the panalot area that can provide clients with a full range of products and services programmes in which companies provide intelligence to global customers.
Home, ar, vr, game terminal, etc., which is supplied by smart households, ipcamera, e-readers, echo smartphones, etc., with innovative design and automated, flexible manufacturing capabilities, is recognized by the world’s leading technology firms. With i-plus, personal and family terminal equipment is connected.
Interconnectivity, increased application and diversification of customers around the ecological layout of the aiot product. The projected cost assumptions for the period 2024-2024 are that the company ' s 21-year sales cost is 0.18 per cent, based on historical data, and 23 years.
Incentive costs and the impact of share payments are expected to remain relatively stable, with the selection of the leading technology, Stewardship, Stewardship and Gore shares as comparable companies, among which the Stewardship and Stewardship technology are more similar to the Chinese technology products and customer structure, as well as the Andres octopes.
Apples are the main clients of sophisticated communications, Gore shares, and the main business includes the assembly and manufacture of mobile phones/aiot products, similar to the Chinese technology industry, with a different client structure. The average value of a company in 2024-2026 was equal to that of a company, but given that the company's alot and auto electronics are still in the early stages of development and are expected to be insured after 26 years.
With high growth and significant growth poles, i server operations are at the core of cloud vendors, and it is expected that the future will be accompanied by a sustained increase in domestic demand for arithmetic. We look at the company's odm platform layout, and the effects of the diversified layouts such as companya pc, ai servers, auto electrons, aiot, etc. are increasingly reflected in the scale effect of maintaining the `recommination'.
1) Downstream demand for odm operations is less than expected: weak demand for consumer electronics, high performance calculations, automobiles, etc. may have a negative impact on corporate performance if global macroeconomic fluctuations occur. 2) Server operations are less advanced than expected: the one server has become an important growth point for companies, if one develops.
Slow, or will lead to a decline in the demand for a ai server.3 Industry competition increases: as odm manufacturers increase their efforts in technology R & D and product development, or there is a risk of a “price war”, it affects the return on corporate investment and has a negative impact on the company's operations.
(4) International trade frictions: companies have more customers abroad, orders are affected in the event of international trade frictions The methodology and analytical logic lead to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.