Smart product platform leader, ai-driven data centre + consumption 15 05 05, 2025.
Chen Hae-jin, research assistant, Lee Bo Wei, is a global leading smart hardware platform: Huaqin was founded in 2005 and is a global leader.
The company's service model has evolved from the idh mode to the odm and then to the product platform, from pcba to smartphones to the "3+n" multi-protocol layout, and clients are gradually covering the mainstream brand clients, and the company's current products include smartphones, tablets, notebooks.
This computer, smart wear, aiot, data centre products, auto electronics, etc.. 2019-2024  high performance calculations are the company’s most important engine of growth, with high rates of growth in new business such as auto electro/aiot, and growth in external M&A/globalized production. High performance computing operations (package) grew in 2024.
With data centres/personal computers/platform computers, the collection ratio has been raised to 57.5%, an increase in revenue over 32%. Aiot and automobile electronics are growing at a higher rate but are now in absolute terms less. Companies effectively diffuse geopolitical risks through the “china+vmi” model, with offshore bases covering North America,
Three major regions in South-East and South Asia are flexible enough to accommodate global client demand. The Division’s successful merger and acquisition of roadways in 2024 is expected to accelerate entry into North America’s wearing equipment supply chain.
As a more mature market, smartphones and pc are expected to reduce the cycle of re-routing and increase the volume of output in the industry, and the ratio of smart cellular odm is expected to continue to rise, leading to an expansion of the odm vendor market, with a steady global share of effort in the top three years, 2023.
The only company in the continent that has achieved a breakthrough in its size in the field of pen odm is expected to achieve a 20 per cent or more pc+ block growth in 2025, challenging industry data centres: a pantry layout, a new engine of growth driven by a one-server.
The demand for the one server is rapidly breaking out, and according to idc, China accelerated the calculation of the server market from $11.29 billion in 2024 to $25.27 billion in 2028, with a high growth of 22.3% in four years.
Vendors are expected to boost corporate demand on the basis of continued and increased investment in computing based on disclosed capital spending. Companies accelerate the take-off of the ai server operation, which is estimated to account for more than 60% of the data centre business.
Servers, network switches, etc. have been completed to further improve data centre operations. Billions of dollars, p./e times 20.0/16.5/13.1, respectively.
1.1. Development journey: from idh to the global smart hardware platform, with a high level of technical reuse capability
From 2005 idh, the company service model evolved from idh model to odm to product platform, from pcba to smartphones to "3+n" multi-problem layouts, with customers gradually covering mainstream brand clients, including smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, etc.
Smart wear, aiot, data centre products, auto electronics, etc.
The company's business model for this period is also known as idh (invententdesignhouse, an independent design firm). The company provides complete design according to customer demand.
Programs. The company is deeply involved in the full range of design services, such as conceptual design, hardware architecture design, and skin design, to lay the technological foundation for the subsequent transformation.
The company seized the opportunity of 3g penetration and the rise of home-grown smartphones, and in 2010 it started building a manufacturing base, upgrading the Odm model from a purely design to an integrated R & D manufacturing model. In 2012, just one year into the smartphone odm industry, Chinese technology was at the top of the global smartphone odm list for the first time and has continued to lead since then.
Globalization has accelerated, with multi-grade odms (2015-2019) building up the "1+5+5" strategy and the "3+n+3" comprehensive matrix. Since 2015, the "1+5+5" strategy has been implemented, with the above-mentioned Ministry as its core, building the five major manufacturing bases in Nanchang, Dong-jung, Viet Nam, India, Mexico, and forming a global delivery network.
At the same time, there is an increase in the number of multi-purpose operations, and operations such as notebooks/watches/iot are starting to work. Client coverage is also moving from front-line domestic brands + overseas regional brands to global front-line electronic brands.
The company's efforts to further globalize the layout and pattern of goods have led to the creation of auto electronics/innovative business ventures and x-labs, while increasing the up-to-down layout, software industries/controls have further enhanced the horizontal capability to extend and buy easy access to the Great North American Client Supply Chain. As of 2024, India and Viet Nam have achieved this.
At the same time, the construction of local engineering capacity, npi capacity, and talent management systems abroad is continuing. During this period, “mobile phones +pc” is the core business of the company, and the company becomes a strong manufacturing company with research and development capabilities, as well as a hardware company with high software capabilities, with its own unique advantages.
Smart product platform (2025- ) 2025, the company formed a full package of 3+n+3 based on smartphones, laptops, mature operations at the data centre “3” core, which generated intelligent life, commercial digital productivity and full data centre resolution
The program's “n” mix of multi-product products and anchors three new and emerging paths of robotics, auto-electronics, and software. This layout is highly compatible with the country's strategy of “accelerating the development of new-quality productivity” and is directly related to the trillion-degree market created by the arithmetic, smart terminals and high-end technology clients to meet the intellectual needs of global technology clients and achieve consumer electronics to the enterprise-level market.
At the same time, in its long-term operations, the company has been given a new definition of odm to build the core capabilities of odmm, i.e., efficient operation, development design, advanced manufacturing and sophisticated structure, to consolidate and maintain the company's leadership in the intelligent hardware odm industry.
1.2. Controller + employee holding depths are tied to reinforce long-acting incentives The company actually controls Qiu Wensheng, exercises control over the Department and assumes the position of Chairman through direct ownership and holding platforms in Shanghai and Shanghai. As of the first quarter of 2025, Mr. Qu Wensheng held shares through Shanghai Olympics, etc.
The platform and the individual hold direct shares, which together control 41.99 per cent of the company ' s shares. The employee holding platform binds core employee interests: the company binds core management and technical cadres through more than 10 employee holding platforms such as Shanghai, Shanghai and Shanghai, covering more than 500 employees as of the end of 2024.
Approximately 15.2 per cent shareholdings Continued equity incentive schemes to maintain the location of corporate entrepreneurship innovation platforms. High growth + profit optimization for 136 incentive audiences in January 2024, with global production reducing efficiency gains
In 2019-2024, corporate revenue grew from $35.3 billion, high performance calculations became the company’s main engine of growth, with high growth rates in new business such as auto electron/aiot. The central business was the company’s most important engine of growth, with high performance computing operations in 2024 (including data centres/personal computers/).
Platform computers, whose share has been increased to 57.5 per cent and whose income has increased by 29 per cent; smart terminal operations, which include smart phones and 4.25 per cent, yoy+188 per cent, achieved in 2024 the development and volume of mainstream products from Xr products; delivery, and the amount of products such as audio products, home-controlled products, etc., in the field of smart households
Production delivery and a sustainable growth revenue stream. Business plates with high rates of Maori, such as auto-electronics, are beginning to be expected to be operational on screens, adas, and three modules.
R & D costs increased by 13.38 per cent over the same period, reaching 5.2 billion yuan, accumulated R & D investment of more than 13.2 billion yuan over the last three years, and the current group of research and development technicians, which accounts for more than 16,000 persons, or nearly 30 per cent of the total workforce, deepens technological innovation in a wide range of areas, such as structural design, hardware design, software development, and the establishment of a X-lab laboratory focused on cutting-edge technological research, and shapes industry's reputations and technological advantages.
Enhance product and business competitiveness. Enhance research and development in the basic areas of sound, light, electricity, heat, and radiation, and promote product product-based production, continuously upgrade embedded software and complex systems integration capabilities, actively invest in new materials, new processes, new equipment and imitation research, and build advanced laboratories to safeguard the technological frontiers of products. In addition, it is closely linked to well-known universities and research institutions.
Co-operation in scientific research projects, drawing on the latest scientific findings and technologies, and continuous injection of technology into industrial innovation and business growth Global production and distribution strategies, hedge risks, and external extension and acquisition of the military fruit chain. Supply chain resilience has increased, spreading geopolitical risks through the “china+vmi” model (China mainland, Viet Nam/Mexico/India) and North America’s end
End-user pc, flat-plate operations tariff exposure is manageable and potential costs can be passed on to branders; emerging market breakthroughs, Huaqin technology successfully acquired $2.6 billion in December 2024, and Iluda was a sound manufacturer who worked deep for many years, with a large client base, including Apple, the most marketed company, which collected $4.549 billion in 2023, net profit of $5.45 million.
In response to client diversity demands and external uncertainties, companies have been actively promoting globalization to create layouts. Huaqin technology has developed into a two-way supply chain, "National Core Base + Overseas Vmi Base."
In 2024, overseas operations accounted for 50% of the revenue, with indirect sales to the United States accounting for about 10%, and tariff risk exposures were manageable. Productive elasticity responded to trade fluctuations.
In 2025, it is planned to strengthen the indigenous delivery capacity of North America through Mexican factories, taking over orders from the Viet Nam/India base in South-East Asia and Europe, and to create synergies between "diplomatization of production plus market access" services.
2. Mobile phone odm: technology + production power drive, markets continue to penetrate 2.1. Low end machines and emerging markets drive up the ratio of odm, i cell phones open up new space, global smartphone market recovery coexists with structural change, and odm increases.
According to data, global smartphone sales reached 1.24 billion in 2024, an increase of 6.4% over the same period, marking a strong recovery in the global smartphone market after two years of decline, and a more mature long-term view of the smartphone market, which is expected to grow steadily. According to a counterpointresearch, smartphones are independently designed/originally designed in 2023.
The builder (odm/idh) loads have remained stable throughout the year, and their contribution to global smartphones has reached an all-time high, with design outsourcing mainstreamed, driving the share of odm/idh shipments up. According to Countpoint, the global ratio of odm/idm in 2023 was 43%, and is expected to increase continuously in the future, bringing the ratio of smartphones to odm up.
Year after year, the global smartphone market was led to a faster increase in output by companies represented by sound transmission, a segment of which is mainly budget-sensitive consumers, and is expected to further accelerate the increase in the odm ratio in the future.
Counterpointresearch reports that global sales of genai smartphones are expected to exceed 400 million in 2025, accounting for one third of the market, a significant increase from one fifth in 2024, with integration speed driven by advances in chip technology and the development of lightweight large speech models, which are being infiltrated from high-end prototypes to mid-end markets.
In the area of i cellular phones, many of its mobile phone manufacturers have long announced their aggressive efforts to reach ai mobile phones, such as poppo, milli, vivo, glory, Quakers,
Apples, Samsung, etc.. Chinese brands such as Mi and Opo are expected to accelerate the spread of genai smartphones by mid-2026 or early 2027, leading to a decline in Apple ' s medium-term market share. Figure 12: Global market share and forecast of major genai smartphones
Figure 13: The genai contribution will increase significantly in all regions by 2.2. China’s leadership position is strong, the trend towards concentration of head is clear, the pattern of head manufacturers is stable, with the share of China’s business at around 30%. The world’s top three producers in the mobile phone odm industry dominate.
China has the highest rate of 27.9% of cities (2023), with a major client covering the world’s top-notch Andre cellular manufacturers. The second-highest-ranking dragon-flag market has a 27.3% (2023).
The city accounts for 20.6% (2023), an annual growth rate of 7%, and the main clients include millet, tristar, and glory. The three major manufacturers together account for more than 75% of the global smartphone odm market and continue to concentrate on the head.
Meanwhile, corporate smart terminals contain products such as smart watches, smart handrings, earphones, and smart wear markets of over 450 billion in 2024, smart wears from 2024 to 2029. Combined annual market size growth is expected to be 3.5%, and as smart wears markets, brand concentration is increasing, no.
The share of market odm for smart wears will increase. And by buying Illuda, it will promote the development of specific North American customers, setting up factories in Viet Nam and India to take orders such as the Three Stars, optimizing geo-risk symmetry and costs, consolidating the Odm basics, and strengthening customer barriers in a way that is based on diversified layouts and strategic synergies.
3.pcodm: Continental company monopoly, aipc-driven value leap, 3.1.aipc penetration increase, odm mode accelerates with solid aipc penetration increase, odm model consolidates industry position with the capacity of the whole bank.
In this trend, the odm model is key, based on the advantages of R & D design, whole-store manufacturing, and ecological integration. The HALTEN technology odm model, based on full-store capacity, consolidates the industry.
Partner in building smart phones, laptop dual hardware ecology based on the layout of the product "3+n+3 " , with mature technological accumulation and volume of production experience in light design, high-calort hardware adaptation, software and hardware synergy and multiple screen interconnections required by aipc, and continuous consolidation of odm production in smart hardware by working with client depth to meet differentiated needs
The core players in the chain benefit significantly from the long-term growth opportunities offered by aipc market expansion and higher penetration rates. The pc switch cycle has arrived, with policies driving pc market growth. Currently, the pc industry is recovering demand during the consumer electronic recovery cycle, while aipc, as a new variable to reshape the user experience, is becoming a driving force for the pc market.
From the point of view of long space. The current pc conversion cycle is generally five years, and has been in motion since 2024. Various types of education subsidies, such as old-fashioned new policies, can stimulate consumer buy-over and invigorate the pc market.
3.2. Competition re-engineering: The plant monopoly is relaxed, and the industrial chain of the plant technology + costs of the mainland is concentrated in Viet Nam. Driven by changes in the international trade environment, such as tariffs, and rising labour costs on the continent, the global industrial chain of power-forwards is moving faster to South-East Asia, with Viet Nam becoming a central hub through the “china+1” strategy.
According to the Trendforce data, the proportion of laptop replacements in Viet Nam is expected to rise to 6 per cent in 2024, and the Deir and Hewlett-Packard programmes are moving some of the production capacity out of mainland China in 2025, leading to the intensive deployment of the six-generation industrial giants, namely, Guangda, Inbao, Latsaka, Fujikang, and Yuzheng and Ying Dhu, as well as the manufacturers of spare parts in Viet Nam.
The industry’s competitive pattern is shifting from a “Taiwan monopoly” to a “two-Strait” model, with ample room for upgrading compared to China’s Taiwan counterparts. In 2024, Chinese technology was able to deliver more than 15 million electricity products, joining the world’s top four electric odm manufacturers.
In 2025, the PC industry is expected to achieve a 20% increase in income, mainly in the volume of PC eco-products and in the market share of laptop computers.
In 2025, it is expected to join the top three of the world ' s pen odm, and to further challenge the plant ' s dominance in high-end manufacturing.
4.1. The rapid growth in market demand for catalytic servers in China is expected to exceed $25 billion in 2029. The growth in the scale of the replacement and in-depth learning models of artificial intelligence algorithms makes traditional methods of calculation difficult, and speeds up the calculation of servers with gpu, etc.
According to idc, China ' s accelerated computing service market is projected to grow from $11.29 billion in 2024 to $25.270 billion in 2028, compared to 22.3 per cent in four years, and is expected to increase capital spending on domestic Internet csp clients in the future, and to invest more in cloud infrastructure and ai products.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, capital expenditure rose by 386.15 per cent per year, mainly for the purchase of gpu to support the training and cloud services. In 2024, total capital spending was $7.660 billion, more than double the 23.890 billion in 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2024, capital expenditure was higher.
31,788 million yuan, or 81.6 per cent of the ring, and further increased strategic investment in the ai area. As a result of the wave of technology, major manufacturers were deployed to take advantage of the development agenda through high capital investment, and servers were expected to be required in figure 20: 2021-2024 and annual capital spending by Ali.
4.2. The overall layout deepens the technological advantages and strengthens the core client barriers of Stretch/Ali Current server supply chain odmization is evident, i-driven by high harvest growth. According to the global server market data released by idc in the fourth quarter of 2024, the market is dominated by odm, and brand manufacturers are under pressure.
Producers have become the central driving force of the market with 47.3 per cent market share and 15.5 per cent of year-on-year growth. Headstuff manufacturers (e.g. dell, hpe) have continued to grow, but market shares have generally declined. For example, q4dell received 20.6 per cent more in 2024, but their share has fallen from 11.3 per cent of 23q4 to 24q47.2 per cent, while brand manufacturers are cost-efficient and determined.
The demand for a server has driven high market growth, and second-tier manufacturers have performed well. In brand manufacturers, second-tier producers such as Supermicro, hpe, and Lenovo have increased significantly, probably by benefiting from the strong demand for a server (e.g., the gpu architecture).
In terms of customer resources and cooperation, companies have developed close ties with many head cloud producers, such as bytes, Ali, and tweaks, to become core suppliers to many of the country’s cloud producers.
Hua-suk is a partner of the next generation of nv32 card brands, and on the scale of production, one head office, five major research and development centres, and a number of manufacturing bases at home and abroad, both to meet the needs of overseas customers and to make a multi-dimensional leap from the odm to the i-server field in the domestic market.
A multi-dimensional leap in the field, re-engineering the industry paradigm. With its full-chain research and development capability, it developed jointly with its csp clients during the design phase of the one server structure, breaking the passive billing model of sub-employers: e.g., migration of consumer electronic fast-pacing capacity (e.g., panel miniaturization technology) to data operations, reduction of the one server research and development cycle by 30 per cent, and an outbreak of capacity demand window.
Csp end-bound head cloud producers, with a high share of the i server order expected to account for more than 60% of the data business; industry end percentage points. Supply chain buys 30 billion + size advantage annually, working with Vmi and others, with key components cost down by 8-12%, and deploys 23 core patents in sub-areas such as liquid cooling technology, resulting in differential pricing.
The aipc development needs to be supported by ariak's full-time arithmetic. As the wave continues, the individual's big model generally relies on terminal arithmetic, and the cpu-based generic arithmetic is difficult to satisfy ai's reasoning needs and lack of economics. As the user's reliance on aai application increases, the number of local reasoning tasks increases.
Calculating architecture and arithmetic need to be upgraded in tandem with the need for a strong arithmetic. As a rare domestic manufacturer of both server and switch technology, Huaqiao led the design of the Eth-x supernode structure liquid cooling system under the guidance of odcc. The design code for the Eth-x supernodeai cabinet was published in September 2024.
Smart three-line architecture. Airack compatible 52u standard machine cabinets, equipped with 16 computing nodes with 8-12 exchange nodes, supporting 120 kwbusbar power supply and liquid cold radiation programs with maximum 64 pcsgpu interconnectivity in single cabinets; computation of node fit 1 cpu+4gpu architecture, compatible with mainstream national product gpu chips, with 5 nm chips in exchange node
51.2t ultra-calculative bandwidth, supporting 800g ports and multi-type interconnections, providing low-time and high-bandwidth broadband networks for the Huanca cluster. The architecture, based on open eco-compatible multi-processor chips, builds a core programme for the construction of the next generation of IQCs for the national computing base and promotes the nationalization of the entire interconnected gpu architecture.
And high-performance computing eco-development. This whole cabinet represents a breakthrough in Huaqin's latest technology in the field of smart computing and data centres, and not only provides a powerful calculus support for training and large model reasoning, but also demonstrates its excellent design and efficient management capabilities.
Figure 24: Appearance of the entire ark cabinet: Figure 23: Frame map of the AIRack system: A full layout of the HALK server, general servers, storage servers, switchboards, etc.
In the general server area, p. 6220 and p. 6410 are flexible enough to match cloud computing, etc. In the isomer server, h8,000, with nvlink technology, are excellent in the application of the ai; h8001d has a high storage density, which allows space to be divided according to need. In the margin calculation, p. 1220 is based on platform x86, which is used for margin calculation.
In the network switch product, s8130 provides the original 200g port as an access switch, and s8410 as a core switch for large data centres. The company ' s products serve a wide range of industries and provide a fast growth of the one-driven one-server for intelligent transformation, which is expected to be the core growth engine of the company ' s high-performance computing plate in the years to come.
At the same time, pc peaceboard computers are growing robustly. But server operations have a low Māori rate, so we assume that the Māori rate has declined as a result of changes in product composition. We expect high-performance computing operations to achieve camp in 2025/2026/2027. Smart terminal operations consist mainly of mobile phones and apparelable devices, and mobile odms are expected to grow robustly and wearable devices.
To benefit from branding, we continue to raise market shares. We expect smart terminal operations to be collected in 2025/2026/2027, and we select the same companies as comparable companies based on business similarities, product market positions and customer overlaps, with a comparable average of 21.8/16.9/15.2 times the average p/e for 2025-2027.
End demand is not as high as expected: when macroeconomics cause lower demand for investment and consumption, and end demand for corporate products is lower than expected, the output of corporate products may be subject to fluctuations.
Increased market competition, higher corporate market shares may fall short of expectations and lower profitability. Geopolitics risk: core parts of company data centre products, such as gpu/cpu, are now more dependent on imports, and companies may have a performance wave in switching to national producers if geopolitical risks result in supply disruptions.
The three main financial forecasting tables of Huaqin, the currency units of the data are the renminbi and the East Wu Securities Company Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.