El ophthalmology (300015.sz) Wang Wei-chul, leading the ophthalmology chain, fast growth, acquisition of the U.S. Eye Center, promotion of high-end leaders.
Rapid growth in corporate performance: corporate revenue of $3.17 billion in 2015, yoy+31.8 per cent, recorded \triangleright
Net profit of $430 million, yoy+38.4 per cent, $3.08 billion in revenues, \triangleft chain layout, internal outreach expansion: after years of development, the company is now formed
The Shanghai headquarters, which has the highest clinical and scientific capacity, is located as a company ' s technical centre and a centre for patients with difficult eyes, and provides technical support to level II hospitals; the provincial hospitals with a certain size and strong clinical capacity are located as level II hospitals.
Investing in ophthalmology services, representing provincial level crisis centres, and providing technical support to level III hospitals: hospitals based in municipalities at the local level as level III hospitals, focusing on eye vision and clinical services for common ophthalmological diseases. The company has adopted an expansionary model of internal outreach, with the exception of:
In addition to self-building and direct acquisition, several M&A funds have been set up to speed up the expansion of the company by maturing in vitro culture. In December, nine in vitro-cultivated hospitals have now been integrated, and they have almost reached a profit point, and will be moving into high-speed development.
To boost the growth of corporate performance. Now in the harvest period, it is expected that future M&As will continue to develop well-established hospitals.
Leanlight and visual operations generated 960 million yuan, 670 million yuan, an increase of 32.9 per cent in the product mix and 34.3 per cent in the same year, and q4 operations are also expected to achieve an increase of more than 30 per cent, with full flying seconds.
The increase in laser penetration will lead to an increase in the company's Māori rate. Cataract operations are affected by the Weissi incident, and Chongqing and Shanghai Cataract Screening have been affected to some extent.
Corporate cataracts will be gradually restored. Institutional investors as a share of circulation a. Overseas strategy continues: 100% of the Asian Health Group in Hong Kong will be acquired in 2015
After that, the company announced yesterday that it would buy 75% of America’s ophthalmological ophthalmology stock. We believe that by acquiring high-quality overseas ophthalmological health care resources, one side could cut into the fast local market and, on the other hand, the company could go further through the ophthalmology centre.
Upgrading the technology of the company as a whole and marrying its high-end service model and management experience in the country will help the company to accelerate the development of high-end medical services and to meet China's growing multi-level system of ophthalmology.
The \triangleright and Eye & Eyes Colleges have built a medical teaching platform, continued to bring in high-level specialists and trained high-quality talent, resulting in a common increase in the size of the match between talent and talent. And the company has a stake in management.
Incentives, the 2011 Equity Incentives Programme has achieved fifth stage of ownership, and in 2016 the company launched a new Equity Incentive Scheme, which increased the number of incentives from the previous 193 to 1578. The Department ' s partnership programme at the hospital construction level has greatly stimulated entrepreneurial enthusiasm and accelerated public participation.
The Division’s regional network layout will ensure that a large number of new hospitals will be profitable as soon as possible, and will promote a parallel increase in the size and effectiveness of the Department.
The scene as a whole will continue to grow faster. As the ophthalmology chain, the regional layout is perfect, but there is still much room for vertical deep-deeping, and we believe that the company is expected to grow faster than the industry under the policy dividend of national advocacy for community-based medical care.
We look forward to the long-term development of the company and maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.