El ophthalmology, 300015, buys American excellent ophthalmology assets, internationalization strategy, and south-west securities research and development.
• Events: The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Al, in the United States, intends to purchase 75% of the shares of the management company, D. Mingwang, at a cost of $18 million. In the meantime, dr. mingwang injects the target assets of the company, Pllc (ophthalmology centre).
The ophthalmology centre will hold the target asset, and Al will hold 75% of the management company’s stake in the United States. Wangvision, the world’s leading ophthalmology centre, will provide a model for the development of a domestic hospital while increasing corporate profits.
The main business is kryptonum surgery and cataract surgery, which accounts for about 85% of total income, with 35% of the surgery and 50% of the surgery. The ophthalmology centre is expected to earn $9,632,000 in operating income and $4,187 million in pre-tax amortization in 2016, which will boost corporate profits.
It's a cutting-edge technique, and it's got a full-scale cornea imaging technology. It's global, and it's reaching out to more patients from 55 countries around the world and from more than 40 parts of the United States, including a number of national dignitaries and Hollywood movie stars. We're looking at the company's connection to good overseas assets, the wangvision.
Dr. Mingwang is an academic professor at the University of Van De Beer, the University of Tennessee, the United States, and formerly fda.
In fact, Dr. Mingwang is a leading international expert in contemplation surgery and cornea therapy, with success in Knife World.
The first artificial corneas implant and the first person in the United States to implant the late conical membrane into the new intacs, the first in the world to implant the artificial membrane laser, the first in the membrane ring into the treatment of the conical membrane, and more than 55,000 successful ophthalmological laser surgerys worldwide, of over 4,000 in the United States.
Doctors of practice perform laser lasers of flying seconds. We believe that the company now has a top-class team of ophthalmologists in the country, and this internationalization will further strengthen the academic capacity of the public sector and enhance the brand image of the company.
1. El ophthalmology (300015): injected into nine M & A bases, ps 0.5, 0.68, 0.92, 59 times, 44 times, etc.
The Golden Hospital, where the foundation for future development is consolidated 33 times, maintains the "buy-in" rating.
3. El ophthalmology (300015): multi-angled mobile medicine, creating an eye health management platform (2016-08-29) 4. El ophthalmology (300015): maintaining high performance growth,
El ophthalmology (300015): high performance growth, health management layout to be expected (2016-04-21) 6. El ophthalmology (300015): hand-held payment, pull-off
The Internet Act (2016-02-02) does not, and will not, receive any form of compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report, either directly or indirectly. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.