Acquisition of a famous American ophthalmology centre, high-end medical uniforms, El ophthalmology, El ophthalmology.
According to an announcement issued by Jan Jan Elmephthal, the wholly-owned subsidiary, Al, in the United States, intends to purchase 75% of the shares of the management firm held by Dr. Mingwang at a price of $18 million.
During the transaction cut-off, dr.mingwang will transfer 75 per cent of the equity share of the management company to El; at the same time, dr.mingwang will transfer the target assets (including all of the ophthalmology centres) to the target assets of the dr.mingwang, pllc (hereinafter referred to as ophthalmology centres)
Business, property, assets, rights, claims, etc. are injected into the management company.
Founded in April 2002 by Dr. Mingwang, the Eye Centre is located in the central business area of Nashville, the capital city of Tennessee, adjacent to the high-end residential area of greenfield.The Centre, which is aimed at high-end clients in North America and around the world, has served more than 55 people worldwide.
We believe that the acquisition of ophthalmology centers has facilitated a deeper understanding of high-end medical models in the United States, the upgrading of company skills, and the building of Al.
A better high-end health care system for the ophthalmology.
The three-quarterly El ophthalmology (3000015) Review: Performance Growth. The ophthalmology centre was created in April 2002 by dr.mingwang.
United States dollars, with profits of $4,187,000 before tax amortization. Leather surgery and cataract surgery, 3 and High Performance Growth, Keeping Good Care of Medical Services, are the main operations, accounting for 35% and 50% of total income, respectively. In our view, ophthalmology centres account for 35% and 50% of total income, respectively.
Qualitatively good, leading to higher corporate performance and higher shareholder value. East’s financial and intellectual boom, El ophthalmology (300015): acquisition of a well-known American ophthalmology centre and the creation of a high-end medical care system.
Dr. Mingwang, an internationally renowned expert in kurning surgery and cornea treatment, was a member of the United States Food and Drug Supervisory Authority's (fda) quasi-molecular energy commission, with biotechnology patents in the field of visual rehabilitation in the United States, successfully performing the world's first artificial corneas.
Laser implantation, first example of a corneas-based ring, surgery for the treatment of conical corneas, eight international technology patents, more than 55,000 successful eye laser surgery experiences around the world, flight-second laser laser surgery for over 4,000 American medical practitioners, and the best hundred doctors in the United States in 2003 and 2004. We believe that this acquisition will enhance the company's branding and reputation at home and abroad, and that it will enhance the future.
The company is the largest ophthalmologist in the country, and the leading white horse in the health-care industry, and is at a national lead in terms of both skill and brand influence. The company + M & A fund “models a strong acceleration of the country’s hierarchies, a powerful research-production-learning platform, and talent incentives.”
Intra-firm growth is driven by the firm's active deployment of mobile medicine. We expect a net return profit of $570 million in 2016-2018, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
El ophthalmology (300015): Acquisition of a well-known American ophthalmology centre to build a high-end medical care system, Zhang Jinyang (team). Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University; Bachelor of Economics, Beijing University; and Master of Science, Kings Business College, three years ago.
In July 2016, China joined the Association of Dong-hingists in his research. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.