Elephthalm (300015.sz) Buv buy Wang Wei Chul
Rapid growth in company performance continued in 2016: companies issued fast performance reports, and companies achieved revenues of $40.0 billion, yoy + 26.4 per cent, recorded net profits of $560 million, yoy + 30.3 per cent, equivalents of $0.57 million, companies
The performance is consistent with our expectations. This measure of the company’s revenue of $920 million, yoy + 26.8%, net profit of 0.89, yoy + 28.2% \triangleright
Leaklight, sightseeing and fast-growing cataract operations are expected to resume: we expect that the company will grow by around 35% in both light and sight operations, and that the company's Māori ratio will increase as the full-fly second laser penetration rises. Cataract operations are expected to remain invisible in 4q.
A notable recovery, but we believe that, as the impact of the event fades, the rate of growth in cataract operations will continue \triangleright overseas strategy: the company has also announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Al Hong Kong, intends to use its own funds.
$4.73 million, invested as a limited partner in the creation of the rimonic international specialfund, l.p. as a company's ophthalmological investment platform. We believe this will be the company's acquisition of 100% of the shares of the Asian Medical Group in Hong Kong in 2015 and 2017.
Further efforts to internationalize the product portfolio following the announcement in January of the acquisition of 75 per cent of the United States wangvisioninstitution ophthalmology centre. We believe that, with the establishment of the investment fund, the company will benefit.
Medical services - para-molecular surgery The layout of the global ophthalmology-related industrial chain, building an eye-healthed ecosphere.
Leveld chain layout, internal outreach expansion: after many years of development, the company has now developed a business model of visual services and hierarchies. The Shanghai headquarters, which has the highest clinical and scientific capacity, is positioned as the company's technology.
Technical centres and consultation centres for persons with impaired eyes, with technical support for level II hospitals; chain hospitals in provincial capitals with a certain size and strong clinical capacity, as level II hospitals, are located as centres for the conduct of all-ophthalmological services, representing provincial levels of crisis eye disease, and level III hospitals
The Institute provides technical support: a hospital at the local and municipal levels serves as a level III hospital, focusing on eye vision and clinical services for common ophthalmological diseases. The company has adopted an expansionary model of internal outreach and, in addition to self-building and direct acquisition, has established several M&A funds, which have matured through in vitro development.
By December 2016, nine in vitro-trained hospitals had been integrated, and the hospitals had almost reached a profit point and would be moving into a high-speed development period that would boost the growth of company performance.
The ophthalmology community will continue to grow faster. The company, as a chain leader in ophthalmology, the regional fabric, will continue to grow.
The Bureau is perfect, but there is still much room for vertical deep-deeping, and we believe that the company is expected to grow faster than the industry, with the country’s policy dividend of promoting community-based and emergency care. We look forward to the company’s long-term development, which is now well valued, maintaining the “buy-in” investment proposal.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.