Elephthalm (300015.sz) Rapid performance report: continuation of rapid growth towards internationalization Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
El ophthalmology annual performance report, with the company achieving operating income of $4 billion in 2016, an increase of 26 per cent compared to the previous year; net profit of the parent company of $558 million, an increase of 30 per cent compared to the previous year.
1. The company maintained a rapid growth trend during the reporting period, and this year ' s editions are expected to continue to grow well: we expect the company ' s mid-molecular surgeries, back-to-back surgery, visualization operations last year to continue to grow at a faster pace, with the paramole-molecular operations increasing with the full flight second and the share of icl surgery at the unit price.
The cataract operations were affected by the Weissi events last year, which led to a decline in the strict supervision of private hospital screenings in some areas, such as Shanghai and Chongqing, and is expected to increase in recovery this year.
2. The firm ' s pace of internationalization has continued to grow well: the company had previously announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Al, would buy 75% of the stock in the United States, and would fund the ophthalmology centre.
The main operations of the ophthalmology centre are tangential surgery and cataract surgery, which accounts for about 85% of total income, of which 35% are tangential surgery, 50% are cataract surgery and have a global frontline.
3. Private Chains, Replication of Classic-El ophthalmology Company Deep Dramatic Surgery Technology, with a comprehensive cornea imaging technology. Business income is expected to be research, 2016.8.17 for the entire year 2016.
In order to accelerate the strategic deployment of overseas projects to create a new ecosystem for global science, technology and innovation in El ophthalmology, the full-sourcer, Al, Hong Kong, intends to set up the Rimonci internationalsspecializedfund fund with $4.73 million from his own funds as a limited partner, with a target size of 180 million yuan yuan.
Investing mainly in industries such as ophthalmology, digital health, artificial intelligence in medicine and other life sciences, and high technology in medicine. The Fund is committed to storing high-quality projects for companies, perfecting the company’s ophthalmology industry chain, and 3.
The first in vitro-breeding ophthalmology hospitals were incorporated into the listed company system. In 2014, the company set up the Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund, in conjunction with the East Gold Control and the China Capital Investment Unit, respectively, and acquired or created a new ophthalmology hospital. The company plans to acquire nine of these ophthalmology hospitals through this public release, improve market layout and deepen the process.
Sun laughs at the "Standard Chain" business model. Two of the nine hospitals are in vitro-breeding in Hunan, and seven are in vitro-breeding in the former Shenzhen Sea.
The nine hospitals integrated into the publicly listed company system are in a period of release, which will boost the growth in the performance of the listed company, and all the nine hospitals integrated into the listed company system are in the same position, with the exception of the Rimbane El ophthalmology Hospital.
The performance release phase, which begins at the profit point. Although each hospital has different circumstances, we believe that generally the new El ophthalmology hospital will have a 2 to 3-year loss period, and the profit period will start a 5 to 8-year high growth period.
▪ We expect nine hospitals to contribute 30 million dollars in net profits to listed companies this year, possibly doubling next year. Nine hospitals now have an average net profit rate of around 14%, and mature eye hospitals have a net interest rate of 30%.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.