ii China Connect (600050.sh)
Performance has continued to grow in double digits, with a six-year net increase in the number of users, with China Connect issuing its third-quarter report for 2024. 2024q1-q3, the company achieving business income of 2,901.2 secure disk liftings for online communications operations and continuous optimization of the user structure. 2024q3, the number of mobile users of the company reached 2024q3.
By 345 million households, the cumulative increase of 11.23 million households during the year was the same as in the last six years; of this, 5g sets of meals account for 286 million households and 5g sets of meals account for 83 per cent. The number of connections to the Internet reached 594 million, net market data: 4 November 2024
In the future, companies will insist on a new integration of new scenes, new values, business convergences, product convergence (building several billion-grade products, such as cloud-connected dishes, video bells: family guests).
With the expansion of smart operations and the continued growth of major business plates. The rapid growth of computing operations has resulted in 43,860 million yen, or +19.5 per cent, of connected cloud revenues; the company has accelerated its intellectual transformation through the data centre.
Aaidc layout, with a data centre revenue of $19.69 billion, or +6.8 per cent; deep-farming 5g+industry, industry: active construction of a ecologically prosperous “greater security” system, with a strong increase in network security revenues.
More than 20 large-scale computing center parks have been set up; the contour 2.0 platform has created a medium- and long-term development of new dynamics for computing intelligence. Network bottom construction has accelerated, and mobile Internet coverage has continued to rise.
\triangleright Gao Wooyang shared, 5g medium frequency base station to 1.36 million stations (an increase of 50,000 stations over 24h1) and 4g medium frequency shared base station super
Two million stations will continue to drive more than 100 cities to achieve redcap, 5g-a commercial deployments in the future; continue to promote a Giga network, with 80 per cent of the 10gpon portal; and the Arithmetic Network ateeet meets the demand for big data transfer, with high flux, high performance, and high intelligence features.
The company’s network operations and support costs have remained stable, depreciation and amortization have decreased slightly, and looking forward to a year-round improvement in the company’s Māori ratio.
Annual business performance outlooks, companies strive to achieve robust income growth, and pre-tax profits double-digit growth. Corporate performance growth is expected to remain high in the industry throughout the year, and future roe-red ratios are expected to continue to rise, maintaining a “buy-a-” rating.
The risk of a drop in the value of mobile, broadband operations arpu. The company ' s 5g package has over-78% penetration, and will be moving at a slower rate in the future as high-value 5g users \triangleright complete their penetration.
There is a downside risk in arpu, less than expected, or less integrated, information business.
The revenue contribution was over 50%, and in 2023 the income of the connecting cloud was 42% lower than in the previous year, and there was a downside risk in the growth of the emerging business if the cloud’s computing market was competitive and the data services were not expanding as expected. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my own research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.