Two-wheel drive of communications and smart business to invigorate corporate performance — China Connect (600050.sh) company dynamics study
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved $29.12 billion, an increase of 3.0 per cent, of which $92,782 million was realized in the third quarter, an increase of zhanglu2@cfsc.com.cn
Increased, with a steady increase in the number of users and a continuous consolidation of the network base, providing a more solid basis for high-quality business development. Communication and smart business, driven by two-wheel drive, injects dynamism into corporate performance.
1) Communications operations have stabilized, reaching 345 million mobile users, representing a cumulative increase of 1,123 million households over the year, up from the same period in almost six years; 5g package users, with an penetration rate of 83 per cent of the 5g package, continue to optimize the user structure.
The number of connections to the Internet reached 594 million, a net increase of nearly 100 million; the number of fixed broadband users reached 121 million, a cumulative increase of 7.12 million households throughout the year, with good growth and good behaviour; and (2) the number of smart business expansions in the network was increased and active in the new industrialization process.
To boost the influence of the 5g+Industrial Internet brand, the 5g Virtual Network has a cumulative number of service clients, reaching 14013.
Continuous digital transformation, first-class technology service enterprises, accelerated construction of new digital infrastructure. Continuous upgrading of mobile Internet coverage and deepening of shared sharing, with 5g medium frequency base stations reaching 1.36 million stations and 4g.
More than 2 million stations at the FM base station; continuous promotion of the Giga network, with the 10 gpon port at 80 per cent, leading industry; demand for big data transfer, building high flux, high performance, high intelligence of the Chinese network of algorithmic intelligence
1. China Connect (600050): Basic Industry Ainet, Construction of Shanghai Pin Hong Kong, Shoe and Houphin Manka Think Centre, Large Arithmetic Reconnaissance Tray, Growth of Innovation Business
The central park will cover the full range of the “East and West” hub nodes. Looking ahead, the company will maintain the overall thrust of the year, move the network towards new, technology-to-new and service-to-new, and strive to achieve a robust year-round growth in operating income and a double-digit increase in profits.
Performance targets, making greater strides in high-quality development, accelerating the construction of a world-class technology service with global competitiveness. And, driven by a digital transition, companies will benefit from continued revenue and profits.
I, maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. Risks, downstream demand, fall short of expectations.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.