Ipo's good at business, Internet finance continues to be good, and it's a semi-annual review in 2017 of securities (000776).
Revenues of $10.5 billion, a decline of 0.79 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company of $4.301 billion, business development review: the company as a whole performed better than the industry as a whole. The company performed better than the industry as a whole because of better stock-taking performance, and net income from the investment business performed better than the industry as a whole.
Net income and net return on investment increased significantly. As these three operations performed significantly better than the industry as a whole on 25 August 2017, the overall performance of the company outperformed the industry as a whole.
Twelve major asset projects as financial advisers, amounting to $81,382 million in completed transactions, have gained momentum in Internet finance. In the first half of 2017, the number of company cellular subscribers reached 12 million, an increase of around 4 million compared to the same period last year; the “Gold Key Services” service clients exceeded 540 million.
The volume of sales and transfers of easy-to-grave financial products exceeded 46.5 billion yuan, a slight increase over the same period. Overall, corporate Internet finance-related customer size and business size continued to grow, stock pledge operations grew rapidly and net interest earnings grew rapidly.
The company’s interest-bearing expenditure has declined as a result of the gradual reduction in the size of its debt obligations. The net interest income of the company has increased more than one-fold in the first six months of the year over the same period.
The Division shares more dividends from the long-term development of the securities sector. Wide-ranging securities are a high-quality, promising medium- and long-term investment target.
Figure 1: Summary of business income projections for companies The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.