Researchchand developmentcenter steady growth of domestic operations and opening up space for international operations
2. Shunfeng Holdings (002352.sz): The company issues medium-term and special dividends to value the company.
In-depth analysis of Consistency Holdings (002352.sz): A steady growth in domestic operations, opening up space for international operations Consumption Holdings (002352).
We've got a new phase of development, a new phase of integrated logistics, a new phase of smooth-flow control, and we've got a new phase of business and cash flow when we get there.
1) Businesses: Economy, Fast Transport, Co-City Refunds. (a) Economic Business: In June 23, the company completed a 100% stock sale on the network, after which the economy developed a “power trademark fast”, with a product-level focus on high-end straight-up, contributing to a steady increase in the profits of the express delivery business. (b) Fast-carrying industry
(a) The company continues to deepen its accommodation and reform, unleashing synergies in its overall resources, and enhancing its endogenous “blood-building” capacity.
Net operating cash flows increased by 36 per cent at a compound rate in 2018-2023 and by the same period in the first three quarters of 2024 in the short and medium term: income increased steadily, profit margins increased, performance remained resilient 1) income increased steadily: logistics profiles improved and multi-operational synergies generated a steady increase in revenue. (a) statute of limitations:
We anticipate a further strengthening of the time limit for the encryption of routes, an increase in the time limit or promotion of the current stock in some cities, the upgrading of the ground transportation express to a high-value air express, thereby contributing to a further increase in the regional billing unit price and profit capacity, and (b) the economic component: the differentiation in the company's economic operations is reflected in the quality of services provided.
The recent mid- and high-end positioning under (%) in January, which provides differential and high-quality performance services to power platforms and businesses, helps attract more medium- and high-ends as the power delivery continues to grow faster.
The share in circulation a (%) leads to an increase in the market share of the economy ' s express delivery; c) the operations of the Express: we expect the company to boost the demand for the Express through the supply capacity of the Quality Fast Service.
2) Increased profitability: narrow capital spending, network accommodation, or a steady increase in profit rates. Medium- to long-term: Auzhou airport capacity, international operations are expected to open space 1) Revenue endloads are expected to increase steadily: Auzhou Lake Airport and Hyeong Ho State self-employed transit centres
As the first specialized air cargo hub in Asia, we expect to increase the volume of corporate air cargo in three phases, from increasing service capacity to boost the volume of operations, expanding the supply of integrated warehousing services, and increasing the volume of industrial clusters.
2. Financial-end pressures are manageable: on the one hand, 46 per cent of the company ' s airport project participation, 24H1O state airport investment losses of about $99 million, with the impact of the steady increase in incoming traffic, and we analyze the scale of the impact of the increase in the volume of incoming mail.
The impact on corporate returns on investment is either limited or limited; on the other hand, the table partially affects major cindasecuritiesco. Ltd., which is amortized for transit centres, we expect to have an annual amortization impact of approximately $384 million, cost pressure or
In Beijing, the city's west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 A. of Wumenxi Street, opens up the second growth curve of international operations by borrowing from the Rio State Airport: a higher Māori rate for international operations than for local courier logistics operations, and a Māori rate for international logistics operations than for local businesses, for example, in the case of ups
About 10 per cent high; indigenous firms prefer domestic logistics products to overseas logistics companies, and based on company 24h1 performance, China ' s 500-strong firm, with more than 45 per cent of its international services, benefits from China ' s business going to sea speed, and we believe that international logistics operations are much larger in the future.
Yes. International operations are expected to accelerate as Oblast airports become operational, the size of corporate cargo aircraft and the number of international flights rises.
Dots and cash-flow points highlight the potential for forward international operations to open up growth space and, when combined, to maintain a “buy-in” rating of valuation analysis, market-surplus analysis and business-flow multiples, with a certain margin of market value, and a relatively broad space for medium- and long-term value.
In the short term, in the context of a well-developed logistics landscape, the company's operations, economic operations, and fast-moving operations.
Further competitiveness, such as business, is expected to open up opportunities for income growth, and profit margins are expected to rise steadily in the context of narrow capital spending and network accommodation. In the medium and long term, the launch of the Ozhou hub project is expected to lead to a time-bound upgrade and, by pushing forward international business, a new growth curve.
The company was established in 1993, when it was first created.
The concept of rapid movement in industry provides genes for the creation of a time-bound: in 2009 there was a boom in technology and a boom in aviation: in 2010, internationalization was launched; in 2013, the diversification of services was launched, with a gradual shift to integrated logistics service providers, and the market was opened in 2017, which accelerated the refinement of the segmentation area, which is now the fourth largest and largest integrated logistics service provider in Asia.
Figure 1: Corporate development, diversified business layout, broken down by track, is a leading industry. Companies have built up their product systems around the logistics conglomerates, upgrading their service capabilities, expanding their operations to time-bound express, economic express, express, express, cold and medical, instant distribution with the city, etc.
Supply chains, internationals, etc., are in a position to lead the market in all the segmented areas. Timelines: mainly for individuals, businesses, middle-end branders, etc., provide a high-quality, time-bound door-to-door service that can reach half-day, day-to-day, morning-to-day, day-to-day, etc.
Economic Express: After a number of product improvements, the focus is now “electric trademarks fast” and, under a differentiated competition strategy, product structures continue to optimize the fast-growing volume of trademarks, with 24h1 battalions increasing by 9.3% to $13.25 billion.
Without a well-connected business, income from the economy increased by 15.6 per cent on a year-to-year basis: fast-moving operations, mainly for customers with large packages in the area of manufacturing, commercial circulation, bulk transport needs, benefiting from improved demand in the fast-moving market, improved corporate network accommodation and improved technological performance, 24h1 fast-moving operations
+16.1% to 1.75 billion RMB. Cold transport and medicine operations: mainly for customers in the three main areas of time-generating fresh foods, frozen foods, and the pharmaceutical industry.
The same ratio - 5.2% to $5.06 billion. Immediate distribution with the same city: immediate logistics distribution services are provided mainly to catering outlets, retail/electric dealers, individuals, and businesses.
Supply chain and international operations, including international couriers, international freight and freight and agency and supply chain solutions, benefited from recovery of international air and maritime transport demand and price increases, corporate capture of branding opportunities for offshore and cross-border power suppliers, and 24h1 receipts of between +8.1 and 31.20 billion yuan.
1.2 Sustained robust growth in performance, driven by continued improvement in profitability, firm growth in corporate performance, and annual increases in profit rates since 2021. Corporate performance has grown steadily since the company was listed, with corporate operating income rising by +9.4 per cent per year, and net profit returned by +21.6 per cent per year.
Leapbacks, with annual increases in Māori rates and net parent interest rates since 2021. Leap management drives improvements in transport costs. Corporate costs are dominated by labour, capacity, etc. By nature, in 2023, manpower outsourcing, transport outsourcing, etc. accounted for 36%, 15% and 18% of costs, respectively.
As companies continue to optimize their route planning, reduce their transit, regulate their capacity acquisition and pricing standardization, and promote their transport costs, the ratio of transport costs to revenues fell to 36.8 per cent in 2023, a decrease of 8.8 ptt in the same year. 1.3 double-crossing points have arrived and are entering a new phase of development.
1.3.1 Business turning points: the economy, fast-tracking, transitioning to the city's three main operations; the system of economic products improved, with a focus on the middle-to-high-end straight-up, and the economy moved to a turning point. In 2021, the corporate economy was upgraded, using a two-brand business model of “direct battalion plus union” and upgrading the former standard land transport operation to a time-limited express delivery operation.
In the second half of the year, companies focused on differentiated competition, cutting down the volume of Mäori proprietary products, and in July of 22, they withdrew all of them.
After the completion of 100% of stock sales in the network, the economy’s fast-growing “electric trademarks” will be developed, and the product-level focus will be high, leading to a steady increase in the profits of Express operations. Fast-carrying profits will increase, and profitability will continue to grow. After years of business incubation and operational chassis, the boom has been built.
The company’s direct network’s fast-forward operations build a competitive market advantage based on a service-driven approach of “continue to lead, maintain strategic stability, and maintain professional excellence.” In 2022, the large segment gained net profits, and in 2023, with a sustained fall effect, the profitability of the large portfolio continued to grow.
In 2023, the same city made its first full-year profit, and in 2024 the profits continued to grow at a high rate. In 2016, the same city started its immediate distribution business, became fully independent in 2019, and in December 2021 it made a successful trip to Hong Kong. In 2023, the same city ' s current distribution division achieved a net profit of $50 million, the first full-year profit, and 24h1 achieved its net profit of $600 million, a comparison.
We analyse three main drivers of good business with the city: 1) the advantage of scale effects is highlighted: benefits from the growth of annual orders, further releases of corporate economies of scale and network effects, which contribute to the continued decline in unit performance costs; 2) the diversification of order structures: companies actively explore new consumer ecology, continue to penetrate diverse scenarios, differential services divert high value orders, multipolar growth leads to growth
1.3.2 Cash-flow points: Healthy operations combined with reduced capital expenditure, free cash flows positive
Since 2021, the company has maintained the business philosophy of sustainable and healthy development, and has continued to deepen, to accommodate and reform, to release the synergies of the overall resources, to refine the internal “blood” of the business, and to enhance the endogenous “blood-building” capability. The ratio of corporate cash returns has increased from 1.22 times in 2018 to 3.36 times in 2023, and to exclude tax refunds that are not related to the ability of the company to operate.
Looking to the future, we believe that the expansion of diversified and integrated logistics operations is expected to continue to enhance cash-generating capacity, and that cash-retention capacity is expected to increase further, and that the company’s ability to operate is expected to increase steadily. Healthy operations, combined with shrinking capital spending, contribute to the growth of free cash flows.
The dollar, the same ratio of free cash flows in the first three quarters of 2024, +25.12 per cent. Looking ahead, we analyse that, on the one hand, the growth in the size of the company's operations is expected to lead to a sustained increase in operating cash flows and, on the other hand, that corporate capital spending has either peaked, is on the way or is gradually shrinking, and that overall free cash flows are expected to continue to grow.
Short- and medium-term: a steady increase in income, higher profitability, and a steady increase in performance of 2.1: a sound logistics map, multi-operational synergies to drive steady growth in revenue
Newton's gradual shift to the centre will further increase air express coverage. By the end of June 2024, the company had accumulated 55 domestic and 13 international freight routes at the Orzhou hub. We expect the route to be encrypted to become more time-limited, more time-bound, or to promote the upgrading of the stock of ground transport in some of the current cities to high-value air express.
On the economic front, the market share has been raised by differences in the location of companies’ operations, and the number of power suppliers has increased. The company’s economy has grown.
Differentialization is reflected in high- and medium-end positioning for high-quality service delivery, through strategic focus on high-end power markets, to provide differentiated and high-quality performance services to power platforms and businesses, and to steadily scale up their operations. As electricity suppliers keep growing faster, company differentiation helps attract more medium- and high-end items, leading to an increase in the share of the economy’s fast market.
Fast-forward operations provide high-quality services, supply, or boost demand growth. Our fast-forward market pattern is highly fragmented, comprising a small number of national logistics networks and over 200,000 small regional and line operators, and the company ' s differentiated advantage over traditional zero-load fast-forward service providers is that: 1) there is a high-density logistics network across the country, 2) there is a capacity to provide home-based services.
An excellent last kilometre distribution capability; 3) sharing of resources such as infrastructure with express delivery networks, with cost synergies, to provide suppliers with competitive prices and high-quality services. We expect companies to be able to drive up the demand for fast transport through the supply of high-quality fast transport services.
2.2 Increased profitability: narrow capital spending, network facilitation drive. Figure 23: High corporate asset-type capital expenditure drops (in billions of dollars)
In 2022 and 2023, the company continued to deepen its multi-nets, adding new cells such as comfort, cold transport, medicine, Gary, Xinxia, and expanding resource sharing, and promoting full-scale mitigation efficiency to enhance business efficiency. Between 2021 and 2023, the reduction was over $6, $800 million and $1.1 billion, respectively.
A steady increase in profit margins has led to a relatively high increase in profits. Benefiting from a steady increase in revenues from the break-down plates and the growth of network accommodation, Figure 26: Quarterly net profit returns have steadily increased3 in the medium to long term: Auzhou airport is empowered, and international operations are expected to open up space
Oxy State Airport is operational, opening up space for air service. The Oxy State Lake Airport and the Soyo State self-employed transit centre are on the move.
The trans-shipment of the Fountain Air Cargo route was officially launched and completed in September. With the completion of the trans-shipment of the cargo route, the Soyo State Air Hub was launched simultaneously, the largest in Asia. By the end of June 2024, the company had opened 55 domestic and 13 international freight routes, connecting 40 cities across the country.
Table 3: Construction and shipping history of the Ostate hub as the first professional air cargo hub in Asia, we expect the Ozhou airport to be operational in a steady three-phase manner.
Phase 1.0: Service capacity upgrades the volume of operations. Central to the Orzhou airport, a “axis irradiation” network has been developed that allows for the consolidation, sorting, dispatching and distribution of goods to be concentrated in the Oblast, further enhancing the timeliness and scale effects, helping to improve product competitiveness and reduce costs.
Phase 2.0: Expanding the supply of silos and integration services is introduced. To induce customers into the silos, providing them with efficient silo integration services, as of 2024h1, more than 30 clients have been stationed in the 3c high-tech, fast-out, pharmaceuticals, cars, etc., and there is still much room to expand storage capacity in the future.
3.0 Phase: Scale-up effects through industrial clusters. As logistics capacity increases, attracting industrial chains up and down, high-quality divisions/carriers into the perimeter of hubs, it is expected that this will lead to further volume growth, with industries currently contracted including modern logistics services, smart medicine supply chains, chemical industry supply chains, etc.
Figure 27: Progress in the operation of the Oblast Airport (at the end of 2024h1) Figure 28: Planning the largest air cargo hub in Asia under phase III of the Oblast Airport, reaching the nation, connecting the globe
3.2 Financial pressure is manageable, equity investment returns and amortization effects are limited. Participation in the airport has a limited or limited impact on investment returns.
At the end of the return on investment, there was a loss of about $99 million on the investment at the airport in 24H1 O, and the subsequent steady increase in the volume of mail-to-mail throughput has produced economies of scale, and we analysed the impact or limited impact on the return on corporate investment.
The short-term cost-end impact of the transit centre is also lower than expected.
The total size of the investment is 17,797 million yuan, comprising 2,516 million yuan for airport works, 11,529 million yuan for trans-shipment works, and 3,752 million yuan for base works, of which the gains and losses on pre-equity investments in airports will be accounted for using the equity method (unlisted), and we anticipate and table that the main part of the cost-related costs will be the amortization of transit centres, taking into account the actual life of the general airport for more than 50 years.
Assuming a depreciation period of 30 years (10-50 years, according to the company announcement, the expected useful life of the home and the building), we expect to have an annual amortization impact of approximately $384 million, cost pressure or overall controllability.
3.3 The opening of the second growth curve of international operations at Leizhou Airport, with a higher Māori rate and greater market space in the international logistics market, is expected to be an important point of growth in the future performance of companies. On the one hand, international operations have a higher Māori rate than local courier logistics operations, for example, in the case of countries,
The Māori rate for international logistics operations is about 10 per cent higher than for indigenous operations; on the other hand, indigenous firms prefer domestic logistics brands to overseas logistics companies, with more than 45 per cent of China ' s 500-strong enterprises using HFA based on company 24H1 performance, and benefit from Chinese firms moving up to speed, and we believe that there is much that companies can do for future international logistics operations.
Figure 33: The Māori rate of international operations is higher than that of domestic operations The international business is expected to grow faster with the U.S. Airport. In recent years, the company has been operating more rapidly at the international level. In 2010, the internationalization strategy was launched.
Chains and international business revenues account for 23.2%, and the second curve is ready, with a global headline logistics firm still missing in terms of the number of global air cargo hubs and cargo aircraft. With the operationalization of the Okyu airport, the size of the company’s cargo aircraft, and the number of international flights, international operations are expected to accelerate.
4 Profit projection, valuation and investment rating 4.1 Profit projection: The projected three-year net profit compound increase of 20.54 per cent is based on an analysis of the drivers of growth in the integrated logistics operations of companies, with the following key assumptions:
1) Considering that the company ' s operations are affected by medium- and high-end consumer repairs, higher re-supplier penetration, economic growth of the electric power platform, and assuming that the company ' s unit prices are steadily increasing each year, the public is considering factors such as the Oblast project ' s contribution to the upgrading of time-limited products, the economic product structure, and the improvement in the pattern of straight-on-speed competition.
Considering the level of cross-border air and sea logistics, assuming that the revenues from international and supply chain operations of companies will be taken into account, respectively, other non-logistic operations in 2024-2026, including mainly material sales, assuming relative stability.
An absolute valuation analysis of surplus holdings using the free cash flow (fcff) discount model, a calculation of net operating cash flow — capital expenditure using fcff = operating net cash flow — the weighted average capital cost of a company based on the core assumptions in the table below.
The total market value of a comparable company as a comparable company was approximately 9.35 times the average of the 2023 operating net cash flow multipliers, 7.46 times the surplus holdings, and about 25 per cent lower than the average market ratio of a comparable company.
The two sides of the coin, the head, the point of business and the point of cash flow highlight that the current stock price has a certain margin of security, that the medium- and long-term value space is wide, and that the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
New business improvements are less than expected. If new business operations, such as the economy, fast-moving operations, and the same city, fail to improve as expected, they will affect new business profits and cash flow creativity, thus increasing market concerns about new business incubation.
If the capacity is invested in excess of expectations, it will lead to larger capital spending, which will directly result in fixed cost pressures such as depreciation amortization at the end of the cost, and, on the other hand, increase the market’s return on corporate investment in such major areas as transportation, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., where it has served as an external evaluation for several provinces.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.