• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) significant growth in corporate performance over the same period, and trend of double-scaling of titanium powder continuity.
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved a significant increase in its performance, with a net profit of 2,435 million yuan to its mother, a 28.85 per cent increase over the ring and a one-quarter record of high performance. The company’s performance rose significantly over the same period, mainly because of a continuing upward trend in titanium powder, with a two-fold increase in the price of the company’s continued titanium powder product.
The price of powder continues to rise, with an average market price of $17808 per ton on the 2021h1 market, and the same price rises. In the face of favourable times in the market, the company sells the "90s" of titanium powder around the target, grasps the situation and improves the use of titanium powder production, especially the effective release of chlorinated powder.
Although the prices of raw materials have also risen significantly, firm-wide competitive advantages in vertically integrated industrial chains have become fully apparent, prompting companies to increase their net profits significantly on a year-on-year basis. In the first half of 2021, companies produced tons of tons, an increase of 1.77 per cent compared to the previous year, and chlorinated titanium powder, 1,184,000 tons, an increase of 24.50 per cent compared to the previous year;
A total of 43.77 million tons of titanium powder were sold, an increase of 23.14 per cent over the same period, 30.95 million tons of sulphate powder, an increase of 2.65 per cent over the same period, 12.28 million tons of chlorinated titanium powder sold, and an accelerated deployment of new energy materials by the same growth rate to create a two-round development model for titanium powder plus new energy sources
On August 12, the company issued an announcement for the construction of a lithium ion battery material industrialization, a lithium ion battery with artificial graphite negative polar materials, battery material-grade iron phosphate and a titanium powder expansion project with chlorination techniques, including a project to produce 200,000 tons of phosphate per year, with a total investment of 1.2 billion yuan in three phases.
Tens of thousands of tons of lithium ion batteries with artificial graphite and polar materials, with a total investment of 1.5 billion yuan, in two phases 1. Speed up the layout of new energy materials, construction of industrial chains, production of 200,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and a total investment of 2 billion yuan in three phases.
Not to build 50,000 tons of lines of production and 100,000 tons of lines of production in three phases; (4) 100,000 tons of chlorine per year; 2. Business performance is on the rise, equity incentives are on the rise, and the titanium powder expansion project, with a total investment of $700 million, has moved into the existing chloride titanium line.
The company speeds up the deployment of new energy materials, expands on iron phosphate and lithium phosphate.
Powder capacity, with the prospect of a two-wheel development model of titanium powder plus new energy, to transform resources from integrated use to production of new materials and to continue to extend downstream to build integration advantages.
The company ' s phosphate iron project is progressing well, with the company planning a limited share of new energy technology with Hubei. The company set up a joint venture to build a 100,000-ton annual phosphate iron project in North and South Shore County, which was presented to the board of directors for consideration and adoption on 25 July 2021; and three new energy sources were planned by the company.
The project produced 200,000 tons of battery-grade phosphate iron per year, 200,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, industrialization projects, 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, artificial graphite-subpolar materials project, submitted to the Board of Directors for consideration and adoption on 12 August 2021, and will be complete upon adoption by the Shareholder Assembly.
In August 2021, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Henan Energy Chemical Group Ltd., which will actively seek new sources of energy.
High-quality cooperative projects and resources. The benefits of industrial chain integration are evident, with the creation of a “large chemical low-cost” pole company, the completion of a “triteine-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride titanium powder- titanium- titanium titanium- titanium alloy”
The whole titanium chain, with 1.01 million tonnes/year capacity, will benefit fully from the current round of titanium fluorine and achieve the advantages of scale and integration. In addition, the company has significant advantages in the whole industry chain of chlorination, technological improvements, and national production, and the company’s raw materials titanium support, scale effects and compliance.
The high-quality, low-cost competitive advantage of the environmental effects of the environment is also emerging. At the same time, the chlorine production process has a significant advantage in energy conservation and environmental protection, and in the long run meets the policy requirements of the country’s “carbon peak” and “carbon neutrality.”
A step-by-step restructuring of corporate products to increase the ratio of corporate titanium powder products to high-end applications, to increase the rate of city occupancy while optimizing resource allocation and enhancing the sustainability of companies, to implement the twin requirements of “big chemicals” and “low costs” in industrialization, and to build a revolving economy pole
(1) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products: (2) safe production risks: (3) environmental protection risks:
(4) The completion of the project is not as fast as expected (5) The acquisition of assets is not as fast as expected.I.D., cited more than 600 times and applied for patents on five national inventions; B.A., Chemical Engineering, Tianjin University; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of research by chemical sellers
Contact person: Wang Keung Feng, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, Zhejiang University, Bachelor of Chemical Science, China Petroleum University (Beijing), 2 years of International Strategy for Chemicalisation, market experience, nearly 1 year of research experience by chemical sellers.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.