:: Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on 12 August, the company issued an announcement to build the industrialization of lithium ion cell materials and lithium ion batteries
Using artificial graphite, corpolar material, battery-grade iron phosphate and titanium powder expansion projects, it is proposed to invest $5.4 billion in four projects to accelerate the deployment of the new energy materials track, and it is proposed to invest a total of $5.4 billion in four new projects, including (i) 200,000 tons of phosphorus per year.
Acid projects, with a total investment of 1.2 billion yuan, in three phases. One and two, respectively, with 50,000 tons of lifelines, and three with 100,000 tons of production lines; (2) with 100,000 tons of lithium ion batteries per year, with artificial graphite, with a total investment of 1.5 billion dollars, with two phases of construction.
Company prices compared to depth of 300 production lines, with 75,000 tons of production lines constructed in phase II; and 3 tons of lithium phosphate project, with a total investment of 2 billion yuan in three phases.
Billion dollars to expand the existing chloride titanium powder production line. The company's accelerated deployment of new energy materials in the field of phosphate iron and lithium phosphate, artificial graphite negative poles, etc. battery materials, and also to strengthen the titanium industry, while continuing to expand the capacity of the chlorinated titanium powder production, is expected to form a future " titanium powder plus new energy"
The “source” two-round development model, with the transition from integrated resource use to new material production, continues to extend downstream to build integration advantages.
2. Series 2 bis: Analysis of the cost of the python python. 3.
The phosphate iron project is progressing steadily, the new energy industry chain is improving, the company ' s phosphate iron project is progressing well, and in July 2021, the company and the Hubei New Energy Company were set up to build 100,000 tons of phosphate production line to provide sulphate for the company ' s phosphate iron project.
In August 2021, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Henan Energy Chemical Group Ltd., which will actively seek high-quality cooperation projects and resources in areas such as new energy sources. Companies prepare high-value-added phosphorus.
Iron-acid materials, further production of phosphate lithium, enhanced strategic layout of artificial graphite-nepolar products, and active integration into the supply chain for the production of new energy materials will enable companies to develop a more complete industrial system and enhance the integrated competitiveness of companies.
• The titanium powder continues to grow, the q2 performance ring continues to grow, benefiting from improved supply and demand patterns, and the titanium powder maintains a high profile. The Yunnan and Guangxi regions are still operating only about 50% of the actual titanium powder due to power restrictions.
In the run-up to the season, demand is increasing, with some traders starting to hoard, factory orders increasing, and stocks starting to fall. Currently, the main market offer for sulphate-like titanium powder is $18200-21000 per ton, up 30% since the beginning of the year.
• The advantages of industrial chain integration are evident in the construction of the “large chemical low-cost” poles, the construction of the entire titanium mineral-chloride titanium slag-chloride titanium powder- titanium titanium- titanium alloy industry chain, with 1.01 million tons/year output, which will benefit fully from the current titanium-promotion gas cycle.
In addition to the company’s clear advantages in the whole chain of chlorination, technological improvements, and national production, the high-quality, low-cost competitive advantage of the company’s raw materials titanium mine, its scale effects, and its circular economic effects have emerged. At the same time, chlorination production has gradually emerged.
The process has a significant advantage in energy conservation and environmental protection and, in the long term, meets the policy requirements of the country's carbon peak, carbon neutralization and carbon neutralization. The company expands 100,000 tonnes of chlorinated titanium powder production, further adjusts the public product structure, increases the share of company titanium powder products in high-end applications and increases the share of the city's total.
At the same time, it optimizes the allocation of resources and enhances companies’ capacity for sustainable development, insisting on the industrialization of both “big chemicals” and “low-cost” companies to create revolving economic poles. New energy materials projects are not moving as fast as expected; titanium powder prices are falling; and chlorinated titanium powder production is available.
The advance was not as fast as expected: the sponge titanium project was on the ground. I.D., cited more than 600 times, and applied for five national inventions patents; B.A. Chemicals, Tianjin University; 2 years of strategic planning experience, 5 years of research by chemical sellers; contact: Wang Keung Feng, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, Zhejiang University, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, China Petroleum University (Beijing), 2 years of international strategy, market experience
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.