Joint venture for the construction of iron phosphate, a new energy material layout, incident 27/07/2021: On the night of 25 July 2021, the company issued an announcement. (1) The subsidiary of the company, Henan Baing, was affiliated with the company.
LEE New Energy Materials Ltd. proposes to establish a joint venture with Hubei New Energy Corporation to build 100,000 tons of phosphorus iron-acid production lines, with a registered capital of 100 million yuan, and a cash contribution of 51 per cent and 49 per cent of registered capital from the Pali New Energy and Lake North.
Co-sponsored by manufacturing and others, to establish the Chongqing High-end Light Alloys Institute Ltd., with a registered capital of 180 million yuan, of which 80 million yuan was spent on high-end aluminium manufacturing, 30 million yuan was contributed by the Python Group, or 16.7 per cent.
According to our New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035), by 2025 I will have continued to increase the penetration rate of new energy vehicles overseas, with a clear trend towards continued high growth of new energy vehicles worldwide. According to our estimates, global demand for lithium phosphate will reach 2.2 million tons in 2025.
On the other hand, it relies on the industrialization and technological and market advantages of phosphate north of Lake.
In agreement with Hubei, the project will be fully operational within 12 months of construction and will be completed within six months of delivery, and Hubei will assist in achieving 90% or more of the product compliance rate, and in achieving no less than 95% of the product compliance rate in six months.
90% - 100% of the production of phosphate. We believe that the project not only takes full advantage of the company and the lake, but is in line with the new energy industry’s boom, which is right in time.
▪ The graphite is negative + iron phosphate, and the new energy materials business plate is gradually being refined: the company has established Henan Sing, which has a high profile, and the advantages of corporate integration are highlighted by the new energy company, Henan Longing New Materials, and the acquisition of new carbon materials in Henan.
2021-06-17 Specialized in the development and industrialization of new energy cell materials, mainly in the production of lithium ion batteries, positive atoms, 2, Dragon Python (002601), competitive procurement
The company plans to build 200,000 tons of iron phosphate and 200,000 tons of phosphoric acid in the three regions of the station area, Shaoyang City and Boo-Yi County, respectively.
Future 2020-08-26 Lithium, 100,000 tons of graphite negative poles, and a phase of construction has been initiated. This time, the Department has joined forces to continue the phosphate precoded phosphate phosphate phosphate phosphorus operation.
The titanium powder is in the air cycle, and the company's titanium chain is continuously integrated: after upstream and downstream integration, extension, the company built the entire titanium chain of titanium, with 1,010,000 tons of annual titanium powder production at its core.
The establishment of high-end light alloys has helped companies to further enhance their research and development and industrialization of titanium alloy applications below the chain of titanium industries. At the same time, new energy materials have been deployed with their own advantages to enable them to grow and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board