The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research (CRED) has titanium concentrate and rotor-grade sponge titanium, which continues to optimize the upgrading of the downstream industrial chain.
Click here to enter the text. The company announced on August 4 that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sichuan Dragon Pythalene Metallurgical, had invested in the construction of 7 million tons of green and efficient mining projects, the addition of 1.6 million tons of iron concentrate per year, 400,000 tons of titanium concentrate per year, and 15,000 tons of sulphur cobalt concentrate per year.
Each year, investments are estimated at $600 million, with a construction time of one year and seven months; Gansu Corporation proposes to invest in a 30,000-ton/year sub-grade titanium titanium technology upgrading project, with a total investment of 1.8 billion yuan for a four-year construction cycle. The company’s cost advantage continues to increase with the addition of 400,000 tons/year titanium concentrate, with a high temperature of titanium.
1. "Construction of protected river with cost advantages, titanium powder industry with no capacity of 650,000 tonnes/year of titanium sulphate powder, assuming that titanium powder sulphate consumes 2.35% of titanium concentrate monolith, and the first coverage by the public carrier-Long Song Group company."
With the addition of 400,000 tonnes/year titanium concentrate to produce titanium powder sulphate, and the calculation of titanium powder sulphate tons/year, the company titanium pack rate will rise from 52.37% to 78.56%.
The company's acquisition of the mines saved $3450 per ton of the company's sulphate titanium per ton, adding 400,000 tons, adding about $600 million to the company. Global titanium supply is still tight, there will be fewer new titanium production in the world in the future, titanium is expected to continue, and the company's titanium mineral will rise to one.
The company built a 30,000-ton/year-old titanium titanium technology upgrading project to promote the excellence of the company’s titanium industry chain. Sponge titanium is a basic raw material for the production of fine metal titanium, which can be made of titanium, titanium, titanium, etc.
Metal titanium. Currently, the domestic sponge titanium production process is concentrated in the market for low- and medium-end products, and the rotor-level titanium3@gjzq.com.cn titanium is a rare product in the industry. The 30,000-ton/year transfer-scale titanium technology upgrading project has been completed.
This will lead to the optimal upgrading of the company’s titanium-chlorinated titanium-chloride titanium powder- titanium- titanium titanium-tritanium alloy entire industry chain to achieve the development goal of “deeply making titanium products and making titanium derivatives.” The company continues to expand the ability to produce titanium powder with chlorination, new titanium concentrates continue to reduce efficiency gains, and titanium titanium titanium rises.
Level industrial chains, and the installation of the lithium phosphate project into new energy materials, are expected to grow in the long term. The release of the project is not as fast as expected; downstream industry needs are down; titanium is down; inventory and receivables are growing faster; equity pledge risk; goodwill risk is reduced; and major shareholders are at reduced risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment