High-quality, fine chemical industry leads the way to growth – new and advanced (002001.sz) depth reports, vitamins are a global leader, building corporate safety margins. Vitamin industry technical barriers are high, most of them high.
On March 08, 2020, there was a real monopoly over the variety, with companies leading the vitamin industry around the globe, relying on their own technological breakthroughs and constantly enriching vitamin varieties, of which products such as vitamina and vitamine were among the world ' s leading products.
Cao Seung-an is highly concentrated in the vitamina industry and the supply and demand relationship is generally tight, mainly in key intermediates, in the synthesis of lemon formaldehyde, complex processes, limited market supply, new and emerging vitamina producers, existing capacity
Oversupply in the vitamin e sector, improved competitive patterns with industry leaders Tesman and energy integration, and new and existing vitamine (oil) capacity of 20,000 tons per year, with a global share of about 14.6 per cent.
There's plenty of room for import substitution, and companies are expected to become domestic taps. The technical barriers are high, and the raw materials are flammable and explosive, and the industry has a monopoly pattern, with the world's top three firms having market access in 2018.
74%. We are the world’s largest consumer of ecstasy, but the domestic supply gap for ecstasy is large, with 67.6% dependence on imports in 2018 and the Department of Commerce’s decision in April 2019 to conduct an anti-dumping investigation into imported ecstasy originating in Singapore, Malaysia and Japan helped boost the domestic market for ecstasy.
The Acid production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, the two-phase 250,000 tonnes/year Pine Acid project has been steadily advanced, with the prospect of a significant increase in the competitiveness of the corporate sector after delivery and breaking the country’s heavy dependence on imports.
New varieties of spice are being introduced, and the market share of the company's aromatic and yolk-based products is now the first in the world, the market share of the lemon ellipse series is the second in the world, and there is a long-standing cooperative relationship with the international fragrance firm, and the industry will be significantly upgraded as new products become marketed.
In the future, the company will focus on building new material plates with existing polysulfur ethers pps, high-temperature nylonppa output shares of 15,000 tonnes and 1,000 tonnes/year, while building complex pps projects in partnership with Tesman, which are expected to grow rapidly as technology matures and capacity expands.
New projects are moving forward, and the company has a huge potential for future growth. The company invested $2.1 billion in 2 x 20,000 tons per year of nutrition projects, $3.6 billion in the Heilong River bioeavenging phase is currently testing vehicles, $5.3 billion in the Eggly Acid project is under construction, in addition to the company's existing CEP project.
With an investment of about $10 billion, the continued commissioning of the new project will make the company a global congener. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the company is a leader in high-quality fine chemicals, the vitamin industry is well placed, and the egg ammonia industry is a leading company in the country’s fine chemical industry.
Founded in 1999, Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., listed in 2004, focusing on nutrition, fragrances, raw materials and new high-molecular materials, has always maintained the overall objective of “internationally renowned confining industries, multinational corporations”, which has become one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world, the nation's large fragrances.
Material production and vitamin feed additives. 1.1 Depending on the development of feed additives to become the leader of the fine chemical industry, the industry chain is constantly being improved.
With the successful start of the system, the company has continued to make technological breakthroughs on the path to self-development, continuing horizontal vertical extension to the industrial chain, ensuring stability in the supply of raw materials while effectively controlling production costs and improving production efficiency. The company has focused heavily on the industrial chain mix, developing synthetic routes and processes for the main raw materials while safeguarding them.
Domestic availability of basic raw materials has led to a significant reduction in the price volatility of raw materials. The company uses formaldehyde, acetone, acetylene, etc. as the starting point for the product chain, and, as a result of a series of reactions, produces a series of products, such as vitamina, lemon formaldehyde, aromatic anol, vitamine, beta-carrotone, and so on, with a wide horizontal coverage and vertical phase of the product.
The company’s current operations cover four main areas and are unique. The nutrients are well-developed, the fragrances are strong, the originals are good, and new products such as new materials for high molecules are fast-tracked.
Nutrients: The company is a pioneer in domestic additive development, with the aim of consolidating industry leadership, with major products including vitamina, vitamine, pyresine, vitamind3, biomeal, shrimp q10, etc., and a high market for staple vitamin products, leading domestically and well-known internationally.
Fragrance fragrances: The main products are aromatic, yolk, methyl ester dihydromamine, raspberry, lemon formaldehyde, etc., with a rapid increase in the market occupancy rate. The main spice products are highly marketed and are essentially domestic unique and competed with major international companies.
Raw materials: Based on the accumulation of fine chemical industries, the company will focus on the development of pharmaceutical intermediates, providing high-quality pharmaceutical intermediates for the formulations, which are in the process of restructuring and upgrading the product. New materials for high-level molecules: priority products such as pps, ppa, etc., the company will continue to strengthen research and development to optimize the process.
Process, expanding overseas markets, and creating new material businesses as an important new and emerging industry.1.2 Industry high-profile contribution to significant growth in business performance, benefiting from high-profile vitamin industry performance, has seen a significant increase in corporate performance over the past few years.
86.80 billion yuan, an increase of 39.3 per cent over the same period, an annual increase of 20.2 per cent since 2014; net profit from maternity, which is 3.08 billion; high growth, mainly due to increases in the prices of the dominant products vitamins and fragrances, as well as to projects such as pine amino acid, which fell in 2019 as the prices of the dominant products fell. The company achieved operating income in 2019.
76.100 million yuan, or 2.22 billion yuan in net return to the mother, representing a decline of 12.4 per cent and 28 per cent, respectively, on the one hand, the fall in the prices of the dominant products of vitamins and spices and, on the other hand, the rise in the prices of some raw materials as a result of supply-side reforms. In the context of the decline in the nutrition business, the company has made full use of the advantages of the industrial chain, seeking sales and prices.
Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in recent years
The nutrition business is the company’s core business, and many others are moving fast. In 2018, the company’s nutrition business received 66.1 per cent of revenues, a decrease of 6.3 pct compared to 2014, mainly as a result of the continued expansion of operations in recent years, such as fragrances and new high-molecular materials, which have gradually increased their contribution to the company’s income.
The company ' s nutritional Māori rate of 57.2 per cent in 2018 has increased cumulatively since 2015 by about 30 pct, mainly vitamin prices, which fell back to 45.7 per cent in the first half of 2019 due to the fall in vitamin prices.
The price of goods fell overall, but the cost of optimizing some of the product processes fell and the Māori rate rose to 59.4 per cent. The Māori rate rose to 27.03 per cent in the first half of 2019 as the company ' s capacity to produce new materials continued to grow over the past two years, with a Māori rate of 15.72 per cent for new material operations in 2018 and with the successful start of pps II.
1.3 A good management and incentive system is conducive to corporate development. The corporate management system is well developed. Stockholdings plan to bind employees to corporate interests.
Successive implementation of the first and second employee holding plans contributed to the firm ' s long-term stability. In July 2015, the company implemented the first employee holding plan, which was valued at $295 million, at an average transaction price. In December 2018, the company adopted the second employee holding plan (draft), and in May 2019, stocks were completed.
2. Vitamins is the micronutrient component necessary for the organism. Vitamins, also known as vitamins, are the micronutrient component necessary for the organism. They are essential for maintaining physical health.
A low molecular organic compound, which needs to be obtained, for example, through diet, plays an important role in the metabolism, growth, growth, and health of humans and animals. There are more vitamin types, and if there is a chronic lack of some kind of vitamin, it is likely to cause physiological disorders that cause some disease.
Chemical synthetic vitamins dominate the market for vitamins. Vitamins can be divided into natural and chemical synthetic products. Natural vitamins are subject to such constraints as raw materials and technological levels at the time of extraction.
The global Vitamin industry has a stable pattern of competition and has a strong price-fixing capacity for front-line monopolies. China is the world’s largest subsistence producer and exporter, with a large number of vitamin processing processes, difficult treatment of pollutants, high technical barriers, and hence a high concentration of productive capacity, a pattern of oligopoly over most varieties, and a greater market pricing power for monopolistic firms.
China has a full range of products in the vitamin industry, a large number of producers and a high overall volume of production. Together with Germany and the Netherlands, China is the world ' s top three producers of vitamins, producing 328,000 tons of vitamins in 2018, accounting for nearly 80 per cent of total global production, of which more than 80 per cent of domestic production is for export.
The Vitamin industry in China is still in a pattern of shared dominance over individual varieties, with few Chinese enterprises alone being able to mainstream large groups of vitamins. Only individual enterprises, such as new Seng and Zhejiang Medicine, have more than three vitamins in production, while most others are able to provide single vitamin products.
Vitamins are used mainly for feed additives, which are less price sensitive downstream. Global vitamins for feed additives account for about 65 per cent, followed by medicine and cosmetics, food beverages 25 per cent, food beverages 10 per cent (excluding vitamins c). Vitamins account for only 1 to 2 per cent of feed costs, so the downstream feed industry increases the price of vitamins.
It's more resilient and has some rigid needs. 2.2 The Vitamina technical barrier is highly controlled. Vitamina, also known as yellowol, is an unsaturated monool with an ester ring. For humans, there is a chronic shortage.
Vitamina can lead to a decline in vision at night, the most important symptoms being night blindness, in addition to low immunisation, which affects haemoglobin metabolism and slows the development of children; for animals, Vitamina can increase fertility, promote growth, increase immunity, and therefore be widely used in feed additives, food beverages, etc.
Vitamina is the most complex type of vitamin in synthetic processes. The current production of vitamina is based on both roche and basf processes, starting with beta-violetone, while lemon formaldehyde is the core of β-violetone, with complex synthetic processes and high technical barriers.
Roche is a synthetic route characterized by the glycerine reaction. Beta-violetone and methyl chloroacetic acid reacted with c14thal, followed by carbon skeletons with c6 ethylene ethanol by a glycerine contract, followed by anti-Vitamin acetic acid. The process is more mature, the reaction process is stable, and the reaction intermediates are available.
The shape of the stereo is very clear and does not require a very special raw material, but the original material is so diverse that it is not easy to control the quality of the finished product. The route of the roche is currently used by Tesman and the three major va manufacturers in the country. Basf is a synthetic route characterized by witting. Beta-violantone reacts with vinyl chloride via Gert.
Obtains c15 ol, then c15 phosphorus, then c5 phosphorus, in the alkaline environment, vitamin acetic acid, after Witting, and, through optical isomerization, full aerovidine acetic acid.
As a key intermediate in synthetic vitamina, lemon aldehyde limits the expansion of the industry. Lemon aldehyde can be extracted separately from plant oils, and can also be prepared through chemical processes, with lower yields due to the higher cost of extracting natural lemon aldehyde.
The complex process of synthesizing lemon formaldehyde, which is more demanding, and the difficulty of handling it, limits entry into the vitamina industry. The global ability to produce lemon formalde is highly concentrated, new and self-conforming. The global ability to produce lemon formaldehyde is 53,000 tonnes/year in 2018.
About 40,000 tons were consumed, mainly for synthetic vitamin a, mint alcohol, other violet aqualone products, lemon cinnamon, and so on. Global lemon production is currently concentrated in three companies, Basque, New and Coke, which account for more than 70% of the world’s production. New and emerging producers of the world’s second-largest lemon formaldehyde, with current capacity.
The global share of about 15% per year is basically used to support itself, both to ensure the stability of the company’s raw materials supply and to control production costs and improve product stability. The vitamina industry is more concentrated and producers are more competitive.
Intensive industries, in a preponderant monopolistic pattern, are currently supplied by only six firms, namely, New Union, Tesman, Bassov, Andiesu, with a combined capacity of 364,000 tonnes/year. New Union is the world ' s largest producer of vitamina, with an existing capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year, or about 27%/year, and Bassov is expected to add 1,500 tonnes/year by 2020.
Vitamina production capacity (2.8 million units) with a further increase in the control of the market by leading firms The stability of production of lemon and vitamina, and market regulation by leading firms, has a significant impact on the price of vitamina. Vitamina key intermediates have a high global concentration of lemon formaldehyde production, while vitamina production capacity is also highly concentrated.
It is concentrated and vulnerable to supply-side effects. In March 2014, the fire at the Busfe Ludwig Lemon Oblast plant affected the supply of lemon formaldehyde and the price of vitamina rose sharply.
In December 2015, Dsm stopped work, downstream stock was cleared, downstream demand was warming in January 2016, the supply of gasf lemon formaldehyde continued to be strained in March, the price of vitamina rose sharply, the German capital Basf exploded in October, and the price of vitamina rebounded noticeably despite weak demand.
The Zhejiang region faced a fourth round of environmental surveillance in August 2017, with vitamina coming down, and in October, a fire at the Basif Lemon eldehyde plant declared force majeure, leading to a severe shortage of interbody vitamina globally, thereby driving the price of vitamina up sharply.
By the end of 2018, the supply of besf had been retrenched, and in November, environmental conditions in the country were tightened, and some vitamina plants stopped producing and renovating, leading to a tight supply of vitamina and a substantial increase in prices. The demand for vitamina downstream was mainly for fodder, which was more affected by the domestic livestock industry.
The demand is 27,000 tonnes/year, of which the demand for feed is about 85%, while the demand for animal feed is 34%, 25% and 13% of the demand for vitamina, respectively.a The domestic demand is dominated by domestic production of about 9,200 tonnes of vitamina in 2018, and exports account for about 9,200 tonnes of vitamina.
The domestic livestock sector has a greater impact on the market for vitamina than about 34 per cent, and 2.3 vitamine excess capacity in the industry contributes to pattern optimization. Vitamine is a fat soluble vitamin, with hydrolysis being one of the most important antioxidants.
Vitamine, which is resistant to oxidation, reduced concentrations of high fat proteins in blood, liver protection, promotion of hormonal secretion, etc., is widely used in the fields of feed and beauty care. Vitamine synthesis has high technical barriers.
The response is relatively mature, as a result of a step-by-step contraction of trimethylhydrazine and side-chain isophenol, the most important technical barrier being intermediate synthesis, where the cost differences between different feedstocks and synthesis methods are significant. Trimethylhydrazine is a constraint on entry into the vitamine industry.
There are four processes: the aerobics, the tert-butylphenols, and the dibenzene. A key technological breakthrough has been made in the aerobics, which has succeeded in developing trimethylhydrazine to fill the domestic void. The intermethamphetamine method is the most important synthetic route of trimethylhydrazepine.
Super-neighbour methylation produces trimethylphenols, then oxidizes to trimethylbenzole, and eventually hydrogens get trimethyl hydrazine. This method is short-flow, high product rates, low pollution, but most of the raw materials are imported and costly.
The method is cheap, less polluting to the environment, easy to produce on scale, and efficient economy, green environment, but its key steps are difficult and demanding equipment and technology. The t-butylphenol method is a new trimethyl hydrazine synthesis route developed with special technology.
Butylphenol is the starting feedstock, which is further reacting to trimethylphenol through a series of reactions to Mr. Trimethylphenol. This method is easy and cost-effective. Diphenyl is another trimethyl hydrazine synthesis route developed with special technology. This method is based on dibenzene.
The method optimized the preparation process for 2.5 methylphenols, with a high rate of return, low pollution and a significant expansion of domestic production of dibenzene, contributing to the economics of the method.
The most commonly used method of isophenol is the arosterone process, which usually starts with methylgoxone, which is mainly based on two synthetic routes: thorochone and acetone, with methylbutaneol (2-methyl-3-butylene-2-ol) as their initial feedstock,
The route is mainly for new and Tesman. The basf route starts with acetone, isobutylene and formaldehyde, with a first-hand reaction of 6-methyl-6-gofene-2-ketone, which is then converted to methcotone. The route is mostly used in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products in Bassev and Zhejiang.
• In October 2016, E.T. invested in amyris in the United States of America, using its bio-eeding technology to produce F.A. as a starting material, successfully made breakthrough progress in the field of isoplant ethanol preparation, thus gaining access to the vitamine market at low cost.
Figure 16: Isophyte synthesynthesis path, successful integration of Tesman and Quent Technologies, and better vitamin-e supply patterns. Currently, total global vitamin-e production is about 140,000 tonnes/year, overcapacity is severe, and Tesman and Quent have vitamin-e on it in the second half of 2019.
The vitamine industry is capital-intensive, and new entrants have difficulty fully competing with their former producers before magnifying their disadvantages, such as production and economies of scale, thereby keeping the industry’s overall profitability at a certain level.
Newly and globally competitively integrated vitamine whole-of-industry processes. The company currently produces 20,000 tons of vitamine per year, or about 14.6% of the total global production capacity, with the nationalization of key intermediates such as trimethylhydrazine and isoplantol, one of the few plants in the world that can start producing vitamine from the initial raw material.
The production of the new vitamine unit at the Santung Base will be phased out, the new plant will be able to move closer to the raw materials, the equipment will be more advanced, and the industry will be more competitive. The volume of vitamine exports will continue to grow faster. In 2018, we exported 75,000 tons of vitamine.
This represents an increase of 9% over the same period, compared with imports of only 6212 tonnes during the same period. In 2017-2018, as a result of the fire at the German factory of the Basque Lemon ellipse, its vitamine installation was forced to resist, the supply of vitamine abroad was tight, and the export of vitamine increased significantly.
The price of vitamine is more affected by its own supply and demand, as well as by its intermediate supply. The price of vitamine has generally been declining since 2009 owing to increased industry supply and lower costs associated with process improvements, but it has fluctuated considerably over time.
During the year, vitamine production was over-capacity, special technology intermediates began to export, and vitamine prices fell all the way down. – The 2016 g20 summit led to a phase-out of new medicine in the Zhejiang and Zhejiang, and the 2017 explosion in a German factory in Basov.
The bombing, the August 2019 Tesman and the August 2019 Testitech integration, led to a huge increase in domestic vitamine prices. In November 2019, in the Lum Sein factory accident in Germany, there was a tension over the supply of alpha-phenol, and North Sand and Tesman both indicated a reduction in production, not excluding the impact on the second quarter of 2020, where the price of vitamine rose significantly.
Since the spring of 2020, vitamine production and transportation have been affected by the outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and delays in the resumption of production of the joint plant Escorts and dsms have resulted in tight supply and demand of vitamine, with prices rising significantly. Vitamine downstream demand is mainly for feed, but is relatively small from domestic farming.
Soe needs 70,000 tons of oil, of which feed is about 63%, while pork feed, meat and poultry are 30% and 20% of vitamine, respectively, and demand is somewhat rigid. As vitamine is mainly exported, it was more than 70% in 2018, and is thus relatively less affected by domestic farming.
2.4 The recovery of the domestic pig industry has helped to improve downstream demand and global production in the feed industry has continued to grow steadily, with global feed production of 1,103 million tons in 2018, an increase of 3.2 per cent compared to the previous year, exceeding 1 billion tons for the third consecutive year, an annual increase of 3.4 per cent since 2011 and Asia-Pacific land in 2018.
The region accounted for 35.8 per cent of global feed production, followed by Europe and North America, accounting for 25.1 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively.
From the Asia-Pacific region, the highest proportion of pig-powder production was recorded, with Asia-Pacific production of pig-powder, chicken-powder in 2018 accounting for 32.1 per cent, 28.4 per cent and 17.2 per cent, respectively, as shown in figure 22: Regional distribution of global feed production in 2018.
China is the world’s largest feed producer, and the pigpest has had some impact on the demand for vitamins. In 2018, China produced 228 million tons of feed, an increase of 2.8 per cent in comparison with the previous year, accounting for about 17 per cent of total global production and an annual increase of 3.4 per cent since 2011. In terms of feed production, the share of domestic production of pork, meat and eggs amounted to 42.7 per cent and 42.7 per cent, respectively, in 2018.
28.6 per cent, 13.1 per cent, African pigpest outbreak in the second half of 2018, a marked decline in the production of pig feed in 2019, and an increase in the production of other varieties such as poultry, which has had some impact on the demand for different varieties of vitamins, however, in the first three quarters of 2019, the production of eggs and milk increased by 5.5 per cent, 2.5 per cent, poultry meat, beef and other varieties, respectively.
The production of goat meat increased by 10.2 per cent, 3.2 per cent and 2.3 per cent respectively, while the production of pork fell by 17.2 per cent, while the production of pig feed fell by 23.5 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, while the production of poultry, anti-septic, aquatic feed increased by 12.5 per cent, 5.8 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively, and the domestic production of fodder was generally stable.
With the effective control of the pigpest and the sharp increase in the price of pork, the State introduced a policy in September 2019 to support the pig industry while raising pigs.
In November, the country experienced a backlash in the production of pigs and pigs, which helped to increase domestic production of pig feed and thereby improve the demand for vitamins. – In October 2019, the country had 191 million pigs and 1.942 million pigs, respectively.
The decline was 41.4 per cent, 37.9 per cent, and 38.7 per cent and 35.6 per cent respectively, compared with the end of 2018. * In November 2019, the number of pigs born and able to grow in the country was 194 million and 20 million, respectively. Although still at a low level, the ring ratio grew by 2 per cent and 4 per cent respectively, representing the first negative turn in the growth rate of the ring in the last year.
Figure 26: In recent years, the country has been able to grow the stock of hogs and the speed of the ring increase. 3. The Big Company for Importal Alternative Spaces for Euphrates is expected to be a domestic tap.
A combination of organic compounds such as lysium, which currently account for about 50% of global amino acid for feed, 35% for food, and 15% for medicine and cosmetics. Large feed additive amino acids are mainly pyrin, lysine, and sulfuric acids, of which pyre ammonium acid is also known, 90% for feed additives, as the first restrictive requirement for poultry.
Amino acid, which is an essential additive in animal feed, can help animals grow fast, increase the amount of thin meat and shorten the feeding cycle in a short period of time, saving about 40 per cent of the feed.
The process is complex and has high technical barriers. The method of production of protein nitrogen can be divided into chemical and biological methods, with very low rates of bio-synthetic technology and slower progress in industrialization.
Different processes for the production of nitrous acids have been developed, such as heinesis, cyanol, etc., while the remaining chemical methods still differ significantly from the acrylate method in terms of process routes and yield rates and are largely obsolete.
Carbon, ammonia, etc. can be recycled at lower combined costs, but can only produce solid pyre amino acid. Enterprises currently using this process are mainly successful, Ningxia purple light, Andesu part of the production line, etc. Cyanol is a short route, low by-products, high harvest rates, and in addition to producing liquid pyre amino acids, can produce liquids.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of enterprises using cyanol-based techniques, including Noves, Shinsu, Japanese residents, Andy Sou, and so on. The condensed acid industry has been monopolistic, with a growing concentration of production.
At present, there are only eight global producers, with 74% of the world’s top firms won by 2018, Andy Su and Noveyzi markets, and the industry has a preponderant monopoly. Currently, the world’s ecstasy has a capacity of 2045 million tonnes/year, of which 150,000 tonnes/year were won in 2019 by Singapore’s new plant, Andie Surnan.
The total capacity of the top three production firms was 75.3 per cent, up from about 4 pct at the end of 2018, and industry concentration increased further.
With more productively produced in the country in the future, it is expected to reshape the pattern of competition in the industry. From 2020 to 2021, new production in China is expected to reach 2.67 million tons per year by the end of 2021, an increase of 30.6% compared to the end of 2019, which will increase competition in the industry.
A sustained increase in size and industry is expected to break the monopoly of overseas firms on the pineacid industry. And 75,000 tonnes/year of state organisms are postponed to 2020, 250,000 tonnes/year of new and 250,000 tonnes/year of new production will follow from 2020 to 2021, and the Andy Sunnking plant plans to add 180,000 tonnes/year of new capacity by 2021.
In April 2019, after assessing market patterns and financial inputs, the company cancelled the expansion plan because of the high cost of engineering in the Gulf of Mexico. Prices of ecstasy have been falling in recent years, and are at the bottom.
The price of solids and liquid amino acids in Shandong is currently at the bottom of the industry, and there is little room for them to continue down. In the last 10 years, there have been two waves of surges, for example, in solid amino acid:
• The cumulative increase of 66.2 per cent in the price of our solid condensed acid market between May and October 2009 was due mainly to the global pressure on the supply of the amino acid caused by the French strike and the revival of poultry farming. • In the second half of 2014, the price of the amino acid rose to an all-time high, mainly due to the cessation of the production of purple light for environmental reasons at the end of 2013.
Importers, through joint control, have led to a significant understocking of traders, feeder plants as a whole, and successive accidents at the United States plant for ecstasy materials, combined with delays in customs clearance, have created a strain on the supply of ecstasy.
3.2 Nationally produced alternative space companies are about to start producing tons of new capacity, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous year, with an overall increase of about 6 per cent in recent years. China is the world’s largest consumer of acid, with a demand of around 250,000 tons in the domestic market, accounting for about 19 per cent globally, owing to the domestic supply of amino acid.
We lost 67.6 per cent of our dietary dependence in 2018 and 169,000 tons of it in 2018, an annual average increase of 5.2 per cent since 2011, but a decrease of 3.6 per cent from the same year, mainly due to higher production expansion and weak demand, which has led to a downturn in the market since 2016 with domestic eggs.
With the gradual release of amino production, the rate of increase in the country ' s imports of ply amino acid has continued to decline, and our exports of pyre amino acid have been generally low, amounting to 3.37 million tons in 2018, a significant decrease of 35.7 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the long period of shutdown of the country ' s solid plant.
In April 2019, the Department of Commerce decided to carry out an anti-dumping investigation into imports of ecstasy originating in Singapore, Malaysia, and Japan, involving manufacturers such as winners, Shije, and friends. In the first three quarters of 2019, more than 80% of our imports of ecstasy came from these three countries.
If anti-dumping is established, the cost of importing ecstasy will increase, contributing to the confidence of domestic producers of ecstasy. This anti-dumping investigation, which began on 10 April 2019, should normally be completed by 10 April 2020 and, in exceptional cases, may be extended until 10 October 2020.
In January-November 2019, 205,000 tons of ecstasy were imported into China, an increase of 35.6 per cent in the same year, of which 58.6 per cent was imported in September-November. Prior to the announcement of the Ministry of Commerce decision, some companies producing ecstasy increased their exports to China, while the end demand increased with the spring supply period.
The demand for ecstasy is dominated by poultry feed, which is relatively less affected by African pigpest. The demand for ecstasy is mainly for meat, animal feed, pig feed, egg feed, 63% for poultry, 33% for pig feed, 0.1-0.2% for ecstasy, less expensive and price sensitive for downstream customers.
Not too high. In 2019, the domestic pigpest industry was hit hard, the prices of pork rose sharply, while poultry meat and eggs became the main substitutes, raising the demand for pyrochlor to some extent, and the demand for porcelain is expected to return to normal as the effects of the porcelain in Africa are reduced.
The company has actively scaled up its production of ecstasy and is expected to become a leader in the domestic industry. Since 2007, the company has been developing ecstasy products, with 50,000 tons per year of experimental production completed in January 2017, currently operating at full capacity, and 250,000 tons per year of ecstasy projects successfully advanced in phase II, moving into the area of liquid ecstasy.
The company ' s PAC II project plans to invest around $5.3 billion, with a 52 per cent reduction in the cost of single tons of investment over the period, with 100,000 tonnes/year of solid Acid expected to be produced in the first half of 2020, 150,000 tonnes/year of liquid Acid expected to be produced in 2021, and the cost advantage will be more pronounced with the company ' s integration and scalding of the Acid production.
The liquid acid is a future trend that is basically the same as the main effects of solid acid, solid eggs are real protein amino products that are used directly to boost the acid, while the liquid eggs are the precursors of an amino acid, which is then converted into an amino acid in the body. In terms of production costs, the liquid amino acid is lower than a solid amino acid, and it is more suitable for size.
Big, highly automated feed companies. Now that Andy Sue and his friends are the only companies in the world that can produce both solid and liquid pine amino acid, the global market ratio of solid eggs to liquid eggs is about 6:4, while China, as the world’s largest consumer market for pyreamine, liquid ammonium.
The acid penetration rate is only 22%, so there is still much room for improvement in China’s liquid market for euphemism. 4. Fragrances are rapidly growing as an important growth point of the company, and spices are a substance that can be smelled or tasted by smell, volatile, and can be divided into natural ones.
Fragrances and composite spices, of which there are about 7,000 species of spices in the world, of which there are more than 6,000. The spices are the raw material for the preparation of spices, which are a mixture of aromatic substances, solvents or vectors, and certain food additives, of which the fragrance material is one or more spices, which are essential in the food industry.
One of the few additives, in addition to food fragrances, includes daily fragrances, cigarette fragrances, etc. 4.1 The market for fragrances has grown steadily with higher barriers to industry.The global market for fragrances has continued to grow on a larger scale, with overseas firms monopolizing the high-end market.
Market size of $26.3 billion, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same period, has largely benefited from the overall global economic recovery since 2016, with an average annual increase of 3.2 per cent since 2011, with a high concentration of the global market for fragrances and a combined sales share of about 78 per cent for the top 10 producers up to 2017, with a basic monopoly in high-end markets, mainly in Europe, the United States and Japan.
The Asia-Pacific region, led by China and India, is expected to grow fastest in the coming years, as markets in developed countries are close to saturated, and the fragrance industry abroad is gradually shifting to developing countries. Hundreds of dollars, an average annual increase of 5.9% since 2011, is higher than the global market size.
The production of spices rose by 13.2 per cent from the same year to an average annual increase of 10.7 per cent since 2011. With the development of the domestic food, beverages, cosmetics and chemical industries, domestic demand for fragrances increased rapidly, with China requiring 1,174,000 tons of fragrances in 2017, an increase of 13.4 per cent from the previous year.
• Depending on technology, talent, brands, finance, the domestic fragrance industry is still growing, with low concentration, above which the number of enterprises is 35 per cent, most of the enterprises are dominated by low- and medium-level markets, and few of the leading firms are moving towards higher-end markets.
Substream demand for fragrances is more rigid and high-end market entry barriers are higher. The greatest demand for fragrances downstream comes from the food and beverages industry, where demand is 43 per cent, followed by the solar sector, where demand is 41 per cent and demand is more rigid, but high-end market entry barriers remain high.
Technical barriers: One is the technique of extracting and synthesizing spices, and the other is the technique of blending fragrances. High-purity and high-quality fragrance production techniques are commercial secrets and are strictly protected by various spice producers, while fragrance enterprises must constantly develop new formulations and fragrances to meet consumer demand.
(b) Talent barriers: Favour is a non-standard product, and its distribution is based mainly on the long-term accumulation of experience and artistic creation by a spicer, whose level determines the formulation of the fragrance, and it is very difficult to develop a fine fragrancer, whose professional skills are now largely dominated by large domestic and foreign companies.
Brand barriers: Subtract foods, tobacco, day-to-day production companies often collaborate with fragrance firms, custom-made recipes, which, once approved by consumers, do not change fragrance brands easily. Large downstream firms have strict certifications of fragrance suppliers, lack of good brand credibility, and difficult access to qualification.
4.2 The company's new fragrances are growing rapidly and growing in size, and the company's products are growing in variety. Starting with the lemon formaldehyde series, the aromatics series, the new spices, the existing aromatics series, the lemon formaldehyde series, and the dihydromistine meth ester production, respectively.
Tons/years. Companies insist on integration, sequencing, synergizing, and scalding through internal linkages, to accelerate the marketing of new products and enhance their competitiveness. Companies have long-standing partnerships with such international companies as Pocahontas, Olya, Chihuaton, Fen-Win-Hin, and other large fragrance companies.
The fragrances of aromatic aromatic salami are higher than the fine recipes for solar-fed fragrances, and are the core ingredients of the world’s major connoisseur companies. The company’s aromatic salivant is now the second most productive product in the world, but its market share is the largest in the world, mainly Bassov, where industrial competitiveness has declined as a result of frequent plant failures.
The company’s fragrance business grew rapidly, and its profitability continued to increase. In 2018, the company’s fragrance business achieved income of $2.09 billion, an increase of 56.4%, and the Maori rate increased by 15.8 pct, mainly from the company’s fragrances.
In the first half of 2019, the company earned 910 million yuan, a decline of 16.8 per cent in the same year, and the increase in the same rate of 1.07 per cent in the same year.
Product prices have fallen overall, and raw material prices have fallen. As the range and output of the company's fragrance products have increased, the future business of the company's fragrances is expected to continue to grow. 4.3 malt phenol production is about to become more rich in fragrances.
maltphenol is an important spice, and it is widely applied downstream. Methamphalt is a natural aroma, with a special smell of caramel, cream hard sugar, and its dilution solution can release strawberry fragrance: Ethio malt is an artificial spice, and its dilution solution has a sweet fragrance of fruit. It is safe, widely used, well used, well used.
Very small amounts of food and solar additives are good fragrance efficiency agents such as tobacco, food, drinks, meat products, seafood, fragrance, fruit and wine, and daily cosmetics, almost all of which are inflamed with malt phenol. Most of the domestic malt phenols are in the form of glycol, which differs from the company ' s production process.
The route is: glyphs and magnesium (b)-based magnesium dichloride are reagents to furans B(c)-Greed, hydrolyzed in water solutions, oxidized into chlorine and then oxidized to alpha-(b) maltphenol. The company will use the lysium-forming process, while ethyl maltol is used as a feedstock, reacts with acetylene and first produces cytylpropylol.
The process will become more competitive when it matures and stables.
There is a certain safety risk in the production of maltphenol, and the Tianli Sea accident led to a price surge. Global production of maltol is concentrated in China, where the domestic industry in Beijing alone can stabilize production until 2016, and the industry displays a monopoly pattern. Two major security incidents in Tianli Sea, 2016-2017, were carried out in March 2017.
The price of maltphenol has fallen gradually as the newcomers released their capacity and resumed production in the Tianli Sea. Although the production of maltphenol is safe and dangerous, it also offers significant opportunities for the production of stable, safe and environmentally friendly champions.
The company is about to enter the field of production of maltphenol, and competition in the future will become intense. New and planned production of 9000 tonnes/year maltphenol project, with 3,000 tonnes/year of ethyl barbofol in 2018, malfunctioning and ongoing process technological improvements are expected to start production in the first half of 2020, with another 6,000 tonnes/year production
It will be more productive and more competitive in the coming years. The following are some of the new potentials for production in the future: Xinxia Van Hyang International II, 3250 tonnes/year, with work already under way at the end of 2018; and new and ton/year maltphenol production, which is expected to be operational in 2021.
Tens of thousands of tons, supply and demand relationships are more liberal, and despite the possibility of withdrawal in the Tianli Sea in Beijing, with the arrival of the new Sumi, Manghang International II and the new production capacity of the Golden Bore Industries, the McShintol industry may be in a state of intense competition.
The new materials industry is one of the seven strategic and emerging industries in the country, and the new and emerging future will be focused. In the new materials domain, companies will adhere to an integrated, serialized approach to development, focusing on the development of large products, building technological platforms such as chemical polymers, special fibres, and applied processing, achieving a series of products and improving their integrated competitiveness.
The company’s new materials business generated revenue of $313 million a year, an increase of 117 per cent, and its Māori rate of 27 per cent, an increase of 9.5 pct. Future materials business will become another pillar of the company’s industry.
The company established Zhejiang New and Integrated Special Materials Company Limited in 2012 to develop, produce and sell high-end engineering plastics, which currently contain polysulfur ethers (pps) and high-temperature nylons (ppa).
Products, with existing capacity of 15,000 tonnes and 1,000 tonnes/year. 5.1 pps process technology to break through to the harvest period pps are a polymer that connects the benzene ring to the sulfur atoms to form large molecular rigid main chains. pps are well known.
For the “sixth largest engineering plastic in the world” after polycarbonate (pc), polyester (pet), polymethyl formaldehyde (pom), nylon (pa), polyphenyl ether (ppo), the global market is wide, the raw material is monopolized by foreign firms, high-end products are blocked by foreign firms, and our high-end pps products are largely import-dependent.
In recent years, our apps industry has developed a complete chain of resin-fibre-combined materials-downstream applications, technological advances, performance improvements, and prospects for development. pps downstream applications have a wider range of applications. pps have a melting point of about 280°C, excellent chemical resistance.
And without adding flame retardants, they are widely used in areas such as environmental protection, automobiles, electrical and electronics, air space, with 34.5 per cent of applications in the environmental industry, mainly for the production of dust bags, which can effectively reduce the release of dust from coal-fired power plants, cement plants, waste incinerators, etc.; followed by automobiles, electric appliances, etc.
Industry uses are 20.4% and 15.7% respectively, while the ps synthesis method is being optimized and the technical barriers are higher. pps synthesis methods are more frequent, and the most important industrialization synthesis method is currently the sodium sulfide method, with sodium sulfide/sulfide and sodium dichlorobenzene as the starting feedstocks, which are polymerized inverse.
This method should be available for fibre-grade pps, which are also used for new and new formulations.
While impurities affect the quality of pps products in the process of refining the raw materials, the sodium sulfide and the pure technology for dichlorobenzene in most of the domestic enterprises is not sufficiently advanced, and at the solvent sub-response control stage, the lack of technology can affect the final molecular mass of pps.
Japan is the world’s largest producer of apps, with domestic capacity growing faster. In 2018, the world’s apps produced 15,680,000 tonnes of industrial capacity, with producers mainly located in Japan, China, and the United States, with Japanese apps.
China’s pps industry, which has grown rapidly in recent years, is the world’s second-largest producer of pps, and currently has the largest global producer of apps in China.
The future of dic will account for 27-30% of the global market for pps composites. Today, the global product of pps is 5.95 million tonnes/year, of which more than 80% are located in China, while other expansionary enterprises are mainly Japanese, and new and follow-up plans have been made for 15,000 tonnes/year.
Our apps industry is growing rapidly, and our import dependence remains high. In 2018, the global pps market was characterized by high demand for the pps market. In 2018, we imported 320,000 tons, about 60 per cent of domestic demand, down by 13 pct from 2015, but still at a high level, mainly of national production of the pps.
Anti-dumping benefits for domestic apps producers, and domestic substitution is expected to accelerate. Foreign dumping has led to lower rates of domestic apps, lower rates of production, and business decisions in May 2019 for Japan, the United States, South Korea, and others.
Malaysia's imports of pps are subject to anti-dumping investigations, mainly targeting apps producing enterprises such as Toyoi, Toyochi, Dieisen, Solvi, which should normally be completed by 30 May 2020 and, in exceptional cases, may be extended to 30 November 2020. Our imports of pps from the four above-mentioned countries are approximately close to total imports.
After more than 10 years of technology, the Department has made a breakthrough in the apps process, equipment, and has developed its own know-how, January 2017.
An international patent for pps products has been granted in Japan, and the technology prepared on behalf of the company’s pps has been greatly upgraded and internationally recognized. The company’s apps process is now certified in Japan, the United States, etc., and products have been exported to markets such as Japan, Korea, Europe, and the Americas.
A technology patent has been applied for for the new materials project for ton composite polysulfurether, a pilot production completed for the 5,000 tonnes/year pps project in the 2013 phase, a pilot production completed for the 2 ton/year pps project in March 2017, a successful test vehicle in October 2018, and the product met the design requirements.
The company makes every effort to build its own competitive advantage and becomes the leader of the domestic apps industry. The newcomer is the country’s largest producer of apps, planning to build 30,000 tons of fibre-grade and 20,000 tons per year of composite pps production, of which 15,000 tons, 0.6 million tons/year, and the domestic share of corporate fibre-grade pps produced in 2018, respectively.
30%. The company already has the ability to adapt to higher-value-added materials, and is working with external firms to connect up and down the industrial chain to develop new products.
The production of high-technology firms and equity participation can generate strong technical support for new and emerging economies. In October 2018, the company, in partnership with the shareholdings, expanded to the upper edge of the industrial chain, bringing raw materials closer together with the shareholdings.
A joint venture with Tesman to establish the Tisman New and Integrated Engineering Plastics (Zhejiang) Ltd., to develop modified pps, with 40 per cent of the company's direct shares, Tesman is primarily responsible for R & D and sales, and the company is responsible for production. The joint venture has completed production of 0.6 million tons/year complex pps capacity and will build up another 14,000 tons/yearly capacity in the future.
5.2 ppa is expected to break through foreign corporate monopolies High-temperature nylon (ppa) is an antithermal polyamide class that can be used in a long-term engineering plastic in 150 °C environment and can be made of semi-aromatic polyamide through condensation of phenyldipic acid and 1.6-hexadiamine.
Heat, electricity, physics, and resistance to chemistry have performed well, especially at high temperatures, with high steel, high strength, and excellent size accuracy and stability. Automobiles, electronics, and electronics are the most important applications for pa. The current range of pa includes p6t, p9t,
Pa10t, etc., because of its excellent performance, offers a wide range of applications in electronics, automobiles, and even military, aerospace, etc. ppa is largely monopolized by foreign firms, and the company pa pilot project is progressing well.
Two hundred thousand tonnes/year, the main producers are currently Dupont, Soville, Tesman, Bassov, ems, Coke, Sani, and the country’s blond technology. dsm produces Pa46, with key materials in his possession: Pa9t, with key materials in his possession; Solvey, Dupang, Mitsubishi, with their products in their possession.
Despite the fact that we have a small number of firms producing pa, such as blonde technology, there is still a gap with the international giants, with new and existing pilot capacity of 1,000 tons/year pa, which is expected to break the foreign monopoly through years of technological accumulation. The underlying reason for the slow pace of domesticization of ppa is the lack of core production technology and the low number of industrial varieties of products.
Poor performance stability has led to slow progress in the industrialization of the country’s anti-high-temperature nylons. A total of $330 million has been invested in the New and Chengpa project to plan for the construction of 10,000 tonnes/year capacity, of which 1,000 tonnes/year of experimental capacity has been put into use, and 9,000 tonnes/year for the second phase will be used to determine the timing of construction based on mid-test progress.
6. New projects are moving forward with the company’s huge potential for future growth. The company has built a large number of new construction and planning projects. In recent years, the company has focused on building three bases: Shandong, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang.
The company's base covers 10,000 acres, preliminary statistics. The proposed investment in the new construction and CEP project exceeds 15 billion yuan, including 2x2 nutrition projects.
Ton/year vitamin e production is officially in production: 250,000 tonnes/year pinealytic acid project, of which 100,000 tonnes/year solid amino acid production will be operational in the first half of 2020; in addition, the company ' s 11,000 tonnes/year of nutrients and 9,000 tonnes/year of refined products project, and the 40,000 tonnes/year of fragrance product series project are in the pipeline.
Proactive bio-earing projects will help companies develop in the long term. Corporate chemical synthesis technology is a global leader, but bio-earing technology will become a trend, and future “bio-frying” and “chemical synthesis” together will drive corporate development.
The company plans to invest $5.02 billion in the Heilongjiang Biohair Estate Project, one of which is being tested, which will help to improve the company’s product chain structure, enhance its ability to operate, innovate, and brand competitiveness, and raise corporate profitability at the same time. The company’s bioheight project is not limited to raising competition in the market for existing products.
After years of technological research, companies are now making breakthroughs in the field of new materials, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly on technology. The company’s investment in new materials is about 17.5.
One hundred hundred hundred hundred million yuan is invested in the construction of 30,000 tonnes/year fibre-grade pps project; three hundred thirty million yuan is invested in the construction of 10,000 tonnes/yearly high-temperature ppa project: $137 million is invested in the construction of composite pps project with Tesman, and the company’s new materials business is now gradually entering the harvest period and is expected to further enhance the company’s growth space.
Key assumptions and profit projections,1 assuming average taxed sales of company vitamina for 2019-2021 at $360, $400 and $450/kg, respectively, for 6,000, 7,000 and 7,500 tons of products.
2. Assuming the average taxed sales of the company ' s vitamine in 2019-2021 at $45, $60, $60/kg, and the sales of the products at 34,000, 37,000 and 40 million tons respectively.3 Assuming the successful completion of the company ' s ecstasy project, the average taxed sales at $180,000, 200,000 and 200,000 respectively
Annual sales were 14,000, 14,000 and 20,000 tons, respectively. Relative valuation: two leading firms were selected from industry comparison, with an average market gain of 21 times in 2020, given the prominent position of the Vitamin industry, the rapid development of business such as pine amino acid, spices and new materials, and the number of future ones.
As a result, the company is the leader of a high-quality fine chemical industry, the vitamin industry is in a solid position, the aurexic acid, the spices, which have not been, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.