Short-term pressure on performance, \triangleright waits for the recovery of the industry cycle \triangleright \ weak demand drags on performance and waits for the recovery of the industry cycle. 23q3, companies achieve revenue of $816 million.
\triangleright and other end-market demand is weak, downstream chip manufacturers and storage manufacturers begin to slide at the rate of capacity utilization, with the impact of the build-up of high stock levels, and the industry ' s cyclical adjustment trend has also significantly affected in the first half of the year.
In the upstream silicon sector, income from the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon in the first three quarters fell; (2) production equipment for the ongoing second phase of the 300,000 new / monthly capacity-building project has been moving in since the fourth quarter of 2022, with companies continuing to invest in the expansion project, with associated cost increases.
The 300-mm large silicon silicon silicon continues to expand, and the 200-mm special silicon silicon project is progressing steadily. The production and delivery of the 300-mm silicon \triangleright 10,000 silica/month line is now stable, with more than 8 million silica accumulated in history.
Production equipment for the implementation of the second phase of the additional 300,000 units/month capacity-building project has been in place since the fourth quarter of 2022 and has now generated 70,000 units/months of additional capacity. Through continued construction, the silicon industry is expected to report in mid-2023:
By the end of the year, 300 mm semiconductor silicon production will reach 450,000 tablets per month. 200 mm of business, short-term pressure for the first half of the year, 300 mm silicon expansion steady.
The market for the use of gbt/frd products has now gained a better share of the market.
Despite a decline in short-term exposure to market shocks, the business situation and market prospects remain valid in the long term. The construction of its 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon expansion project in Vantaa, Finland, is progressing as planned.
In the course of the year, the construction of the plant will be completed. q3 performance will increase rapidly, semiconductor silicon taps will lead to semiconductor cycles and silicon silicon will recover.
Substitution of shipping silicon with a total of 6,531 million square inches, a decrease of 10.6 per cent compared to the same period last year, but after a review: q2 loss and loss of profit, the profit point is now 2022/
After a continuous decline in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, the volume of silicon silicon silicon silicon output grew by 2.0 per cent in the second quarter of 2023, of which 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon output began to grow.
The medium- and long-term projections of institutions such as gartner, techinsights are expected to recover from rapid growth and growth in semiconductors from 2024, driven by rapid growth in industries such as the 12 inches of silicon size effect, and also by rapid growth in artificial intelligence.
Quick 2022/04/13 cyclical up-course. Investment proposal: keeping in mind the company's ability to expand continuously, as a leader in the production of semiconductor silicon tablets in the country.
Billion dollars, corresponding to the current stock price of 173/120/81 times, maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.