Silicon Industries (688126): Three-quarter performance reports, Silicon Industries, three-quarter performance reviews 2023.
On October 27, the silicon industry published its three-quarter report of 2023, which was collected by the company in the first three quarters of 2023 in the development and production of semiconductor silicon and other materials.
The product types provided by the company cover 300 mm polish and extras, 200 mm and below.
The product is used mainly for the storage of chips, image treatment chips, generic processor chips, power, sensors, radio frequency chips, simulation chips, separation.
Depending on the semiconductor’s cyclical adjustment, despite the fall in corporate revenue and profits in the first three quarters of 2023, instruments, and so on. Company-controlled subsidiaries in technology innovators have been active in increasing production expansion and stock availability to the market.
We have won the first prize for scientific and technological progress and the first prize for scientific and technological progress in Shanghai, which is 7.94 per cent lower than in the previous year, while companies are still subject to major environmental impacts of cyclical adjustments in the semiconductor industry, the first prize for scientific and technological progress and the outstanding science and technology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
On the other hand, companies continue to invest in expansion projects, with associated cost increases, cash paid for fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets amounting to 3,539 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, and 300 mm semiconductor silicon markets are longer as downstream chip-making enterprises expand and become productive.
The semiconductor industry is expected to recover, driven by the end-markets of new energy vehicles, 5g, artificial intelligence, and big data. According to semi data, the global semiconductor silicon silicon was delivered in the fourth quarter of 2022.
A total of 3.589 million square inches, down 4.06% from the third quarter. According to the semiconductor silicon business day, the total equity/transita share (millions of shares) is projected to be high, and the global market for 300 mm semiconductor silicon in 2023 is strained.
Circulationb/h units (millions of units) were reduced, but with the expansion and gradual realization of downstream chip manufacturing, supply and demand tensions are expected to re-emerge in 2024-2026, with semiconductor silicon markets, especially 300 mm
The company continues to promote the 300-mm semiconductor silicone project, improving the chain layout of the semiconductor silicone industry. The company is actively investing in 300-mm semiconductor silicone production capacity, and the company is building integrated circuits.
300 mm high-end silicon and advanced manufacturing projects 300 mm high-end silicone-based material development and development are progressing steadily. Three hundred thousand new pieces/300 mm semi-conductor silicon production capacity are being implemented in Shanghai.
Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies capture historical opportunities for the transfer of semiconductor industries to their home countries, with a total capacity of more than half a million units per month; affiliates ' new technology and kmetic 200mm and soi silicons have a combined capacity of more than 65,000 units per month.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the silicon industry (688126): three seasons of performance is under pressure, and the company's production has increased.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the silicon industry (688126): three-quarterly reports are under pressure and the company's output is being expanded.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East analyzes his own research views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the silicon industry (688126): three seasons of performance is under pressure, and the company's production has increased.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.