I don't fear that the holidays will affect the ability of the strong to keep up with the positive growth.
1) February, influenced by spring holidays, with only about half a month of work days, with a positive increase in overall sales over the same period. We believe that it is influenced by two factors: the faster division of the industry, the more powerful those who continue to do it; and the lower January terminal stock, the higher end of which has one.
2) Joint venture brands perform well in general terms. Of these, public sales of 121,832 were higher by 3.0% compared to the previous year, with cumulative sales increasing by 1.12% compared to the previous year and increasing at a more stable rate; general sales of 122,693 were higher than 2.1%, with aggregate sales increasing by 6.3% compared to the same period) Autonomous brands continued to grow at a higher rate.
Vehicle, 42.4 per cent increase in the same year and 63.8 per cent increase in the cumulative volume of sales; expected to be affected by the continued heat sales of rx5 and the higher volume of rx3, with sales expected to continue to grow at a high level at a low base with a lower end-of-stock factor in January
We use sales announcements issued by the enterprise to replace stocks, minus insurance figures, by calculating the stock situation of the upper gas group as a whole, i.e. January stock = (cumulative sales in 2017 - insured) + (January 2018 sales - insured), approximately 1 million vehicles, combined with January sales, with a lower sales ratio in January
1.4 The February terminal has a need for some replenishment of stocks, considering different segments of market space and vehicle-type competitiveness based on new models available and projected; robust growth in joint venture brand sales, where the public is optimizing the structure of the product by increasing the input of the suv product; and up-scaling.
Research assistant: Jang Dongdong, with a Cadillac, Buick structure, with an overall one-car revenue up; upper-air Mitsubishi, in the context of rising consumption, uses the Treasures to speed up business strategies. Auto-brands continue to grow, and new product cycles drive faster sales.
1. Upper Gas Group (600104) In-depth report: Unexpected growth in the volume of industry sales following the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preference policy; new vehicle listing times and sales of less than anticipated: upward cost-side pressure on raw materials price increases.
Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xian Transport University, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consulting firm management experience, focusing on user orientation, brand positioning, business strategic consulting; six years of work experience in large commercial car enterprises, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategy, product planning, marketing planning, etc., through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing and Commodity Management.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.