This week’s industry highlights: new energy sources are more on the ground, intelligent support is greater, cooperation and autonomy are added. Chongqing launched the Executive Rules for Auto-Driving Road Tests in Chongqing City (pilot) as a city to support the legal testing of auto-driving vehicles.
Guidance to regulate work related to intelligent driving vehicle road testing (for comments), which is about to open the open road test for autopilots. After a series of closed test site training, autopilot assessment and expert review procedures, Beijing City authorities distributed to 100% a temporary number for the first autopilot test.
Co-founder of the lonity company to build a European public charging network. Sfmotos, under the banner of Xiao Xiang, said that the first global launch was held in Silicon Valley on 28 March, at which time a three-part pure electric suv product was presented and its leading technology in the field of intelligence and power was announced.
The Ministry of Science and Technology has published a list of unicorns for the selection of new energy vehicles, such as Vima, Peng, Odd Point, Silver Long, and Siodou. The car has been given the first new energy license plate for the new power of making cars. The curry and super-weeds have signed a strategic cooperation agreement focusing on high-performance power cells. Fara D’Ad’s future production model is expected to be introduced into the country in 2019.
The upper steam group signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation with the Ningde era to further deepen cooperation and explore ways to promote the recycling of new-energy motor-powered batteries. The former Audi C, D-suv, and the head of cross-border vehicle products, Fredschulze, served as the Deputy Director General of Volkswagen Technology Implementation, responsible for manufacturing, logistics, and product management.
For $22.38-2588,000, the new car will be officially on the market on 26 April.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, with a whole chain of products, such as whole cars, spare parts, after-markets, automobile finance, etc. Reforms such as the system of professional managers, corporate listings, etc.
Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are providing new and incremental space for components modules. China’s fleet of vehicles integrates Jiangsen’s global interiors, and companies’ parts and components are moving towards the world’s parts and components giants.
4. Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the space for innovation in services. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc., continues and improves corporate earning space. Time-to-time rental, car and finance, etc., are ready for new profitable growth points. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect business income from upper gas groups to be $83.92 billion, $8.91 billion and $989.7 billion, respectively, from 2017 to 2019.
Research on this subject: Automobiles, 20180123 (60104) Prominent Consumption Dragons, Free to Dance Transition Plus, published in famous European-American journals such as:futuresmarkets, journalportfoliomanement, journalftrade, Car Industry Research Assistant, served successively in leading car manufacturers such as upper-mortality groups, Gilly Cars, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning, and joined the Sinda Securities in June 2017 for automobiles.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.