1. Focus on the two-part car proposal, with new sources of energy as a hot spot. Kei-Worf is conducting a study on Internet car development and new energy vehicles, presenting proposals for “Liquitous Sun Economy” for the marketing of methanol cars, and for the development of a space-driven platform for the development of the Internet car industry to improve internal performance. Chiryun and I suggest promoting electricization of commercial vehicles.
Sun-Hung submitted a proposal to accelerate the development of new-energy vehicle-powered battery recycling laws and regulations. The North Air Xu and Sorority proposal focused on new energy sources and proposed "Accelerating the construction of basic power supply facilities to support green travel." The Chang An Automotive Joo-Wo-young suggested that branding should be built up and intelligently. Wang Feng-young of the Wall called for a fair and standard market environment for new-energy vehicles at the regulatory and policy levels, and for the development of the new-energy-car ecological chain.
The National Chamber of Commerce and Industry proposes to increase fiscal support for the power cell industry. The Ministry of Trade and Finance has organized a pilot project on the recycling of new energy motor batteries, focusing on Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, the Central Region, etc.
The government has supported companies such as the China Towers company to combine pilot work with regional projects to maximize the company’s advantages and develop demonstration projects for the use of power battery ladders. At the time the pilot was implemented, it was established that the country would fully liberalize or eliminate the foreign equity restrictions, promote fair competition, and make vigorous efforts to improve China’s investment climate.
4. A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the North Gas Group for the establishment of a joint venture between 11 Japanese companies in the fields of new energy vehicle operations, big data applications, travel services, custom vehicles and power replacements to accelerate the deployment of hydrogen gas stations in Japan. In 2021, the joint venture planned to build 80 hydrogen stations throughout Japan, followed by further expansion of the network of hydrogen stations.
Current period [Excellent Push]: Upper Gas Group (6001044). Upper Gas Group (600104) Sinda Securities Inc.
The company is an absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the entire chain of cars, spare parts, after-markets, car finance, and so on.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers, corporate listings, etc., have reshaped the country’s corporate dynamism.
3 - Parts and components are growing steadily, leading to a global boost in parts and components. Parts and components are growing steadily, and new energy and intelligence are being used to provide new and incremental space for parts and components modules. The fleets integrate the Jiangsen global interior business, and the company ' s parts and components are moving towards the global parts and components giants. 4 - Autonomy improves profitability and transforms the services innovation space. Autonomy/mg, Chase, etc.
The profits forecast and investment rating are: we expect the upper gas group to earn $83.92 billion, $8.91 billion, and $98.97 billion, respectively, between 2017 and 2019, under the relevant study: "At the upper gas group (600104) the mature dragons have an absolute monopoly on the transition plus."
In June 2017, he joined the CSVS and became a member of the CSCP-restricted securities advisory business. This report was produced and published by the CSV.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.