Phillipcapital has a steady increase in year-round performance and a strong sense of autonomy.
In China, the latest report on the production of Chinese cars shows a clear trend towards the high-end construction of the corporate product of the joint venture.
General stockholders (millions): We believe that the firm ' s real and stable performance has increased by 52 weeks ' maximum/minimum price (PRC) as a result of the new product cycle and the continuous upward construction of the product:
Forwardp/e, p./btrend Shanghai Automotive Industries, Inc.
600104chequity source: phillipsecurities(hk)research source: bloomberg, phillipsecuriteshonkongresearch
In 2017, according to a report from the upper-mortality consortium, the consortium now owned by its parent company generated $34.2 billion, an increase of $2.2 billion, or 7 per cent, over the same period the previous year.
A total of 6.93 million vehicles were sold by the Cars Group throughout the year 2017, an increase of 6.9 per cent compared with the previous year, which was almost complete at the beginning of the year.
There is a clear trend towards the high-end composition of the joint-cars enterprise, and there are differences in the performance of joint-car companies: 2.06 million vehicles sold by the public, 3.06 per cent higher than the previous year, 5.99 per cent to 2 million higher than the same, and 0.93 per cent to 2.15 million higher than the same.
Section 3, 4 vehicles are the top 10 vendors in the year and 3 mpv are the top three vendors in the year.
The upward trend in the general brand structure is remarkable. First, the high-end mpv has continued, with an increase of 82 to 145,000 vehicles on the same end, and the new car gli6 is as high as expected. Second, the high-end brands of Cadillac (+56% yoy) and Chevy's McRain (+45% yoy) have increased their speed.
Junway and Chevy McMillen are selling 287,000 vehicles, 23% more than in the same year, and the share of the mid- and high-level car segment market has grown rapidly to nearly 20%, further entrenching the position of the head of the middle- and high-level vehicle segment market. In 2018, general gas will be replaced by a small suv Cadillac for the Odyq3 label.
The upturn in the mass car structure was evident, with the share of suv vehicles rising from 14.5% in 2016 to 23.8% in 2017, and the addition of short plates to the market in suv and the completion of product cover in the medium- and large-sized suv market. The three high-end suv: View I, Leon, Cordiac, launched by the crowd in 17 years, was worth more than 200,000.
At the end of the year, more than 10,000 vehicles were sold per month, 20,000 at the end of the quarter, 6000 at the end of the year, and 5,000 at the end of the year, the Cordiac had fully realized the brand premium, which we believe will continue to benefit from the upward trend in the consumption of suv.
Scota will also launch two small suvs (karoc, modelq) due to the decline in sales of 560 and 730, the failure of the replacement products 510 and 310.
The sales level of Mitsubishi is almost equal, and it also reflects the increased competition between the tight suv and the micro-car market, and we expect that in the future, general VDI will attract its target clients through encrypted product lines.
Monthlysalesofsaicsel-brand tollet12th totaltop
One hundred and fifty-two.6 per cent more than the other, and 3.45 per cent more than the sum of the shares in the market in Suv.
Point. The strong sales trends are mainly from Eunweirx5, with an accumulated sales of 2,376,000, an increase of 163.9 per cent, and the new car Eunwei 6 and Baronz as well. In 2018, the motor vehicle will continue to open the product line of the suv, and in addition to the new car Eunweirx3 and the new title 6, which came to the market in the second half of 2017, one will be launched.
In 2017, the number of new power cars on board doubled, selling 44,000, and in the future, in addition to the new energy version of the current model, the long-standing new energy vehicle, the Glow Wing, will also be in the middle of the year.
On the left and on the left, more than 400 km and a 100-km acceleration of 4.5 seconds, high-tech configurations such as head displays, wireless chargers, and smart driving are expected to show up. On the other hand, we still predict that cars can sustain a higher sales rate than average industry.
At the same time, the use of vehicles will accelerate the integration of networks, big data, artificial intelligence and the car industry into each other, and will strive to create a new dynamic that will drive the creation of new and innovative forms of energy, and to create a system that will continue to stimulate the growth of new and innovative industries for large numbers of people, continue to accelerate the creation of business models and, on the basis of existing foundations, explore a wider field.
So, boost product competition.
(finalfiguresat 14february2018) philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcommensionsdirectlyontheaboveentitattiverternbands.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, this publicisationist byphilipsecurities ltd ("philipsecurities") by readingorthispublication, youagreetobeundby the termsandmitationssetoutbelow. This publication nodeproducedinwholeorinpart, distributedorpublied byyouforanypurpose.philipsecurityhallobleforabilityforanydirect
I don't know what you're talking about, or second-guessing fromanyofrealrealcontainingthispublication.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, anyone else. I don't know what you're talking about, anyone.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Involvesuchproducts shouldnotbemadeunlesallsuchrisesareunderstoodandanindidendendendendendenmedethatsuchtransactions wouldbeappropriate.anydiscussionscontainedhereinwithpttoanyproducesouldnotbelosconsidetowardtodiscreaullrisora completediscussionofsofsuchrisks.
I don't think it's true that you're the only one in the world who doesn't know how to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbet responsibilityforanylossocacionedbyrelicabilityplacesuponthecontensionshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesorempleyees)mayhavepositionsinrelevant 2018philipsecurities (hongkong)
This post is part of our special coverage Africa.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
philipsecuritiesjapan, ltd 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku no.12, Jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia
♪ china india ptphillipsecuitiesindonesia ♪
philipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.philipcapital (india) privatelimited anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a,
No.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia tailand
I don't know what you're talking about.
king and shaxsonltd. 15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, 3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance
6thloor, candlewickhouse, 120 cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand 75008parisfrance
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, srilanka phillipfuturesinc.
Ashaphillipsecuritieslimmited level 12, 15 williamstreet, level 4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 naavamawatha,
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong