I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ China reauters bloomberg ♪
Automobiles & components shh fy17preliminary profitdoesnotbringing
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
guidancethatitsunaudiedfy17reportednetprofitisexpecedtoincreaseby c.7% yoytoaroundbrm34.2bn. The companyattbriedtheyearsgrovethtofeisun, cfa
The 6.8% yoyvehulesvolumeimprovement.toelaborateonmajorjvs's sources researchanalyst performance, saic-volkswagenred 3.1% yoygroveth, saic-gmrecorded
6.0% yoygroveth, andsaic-gmwulingrecorded 0.9% yoygrovethinfy17. Meaning, salesofsaicpassengervehiclecompanysurged 62.3% yoydueto yukilu
The popularityofownbrandsuvmodels. onaquarterlybasis, sincesaicmotor researchhassociate reporteda9m17netprofitofrm24.6bn, the profitidanceimpliesthatthe
qoqand 7% yoy. Price/pricereal
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Growthtrajectoryforthecompanity, with the steadygrowthinjvsmitigating the stroglocalbrandsales. aswedonotexpect muchsalesoutperformancevs.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Keycompanysidesiderisksinclude: 1)weakrecipationforitsnewmodels fromvarioussaicbrands; 2) practisingpressureindistrycompetition; and 3) works-than-expectedlocalbrandprofitability.keyupsiderisksinclude: 1)better-
Not-expected-salesvolumeandpricing; and 2)better-than-expectedlocalbrandprofitability.deutschebankag/hongkong
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Automobiles & components saicmotor importantdiscusures
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but you're going to be able to do it.
It's not like you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
04/06/2017 hold, targetpricechangecny25, 70vincentha, cfa hold, targetpricechangecny28, 35vincentha, cfa
Hold, targetpricechangecny29, 10vincentha, cfa hold, targetpricechangecny30, 50vincentha, cfa equityratingdispersersionandbankingstreams
I don't know what you're talking about, equityratingkey buy: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftotalshare-holdr return (tsr=percentagechangeinshareprisprrent)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold:wetakeatiltview12-montthsoutand, besedonthistimeherizion,donotrecommendeotherabuy newlyissueresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices
I don't know what you're talking about, guys.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be introspective. deutschebankissesavarietofresearchproducts, includingfundamentalanalysis, equity-linked analysis, quantientativeanalysisandtradeideas.commenationscontaininedinetypeofcompunificationmayiffer from recommendationscontaininides, hetheotherasalestofifferiffertimehorizons, methodogies, perspectivates
I don't know, ortherwise.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliatesmayalsobeholdingdebtorequitysecuritiesoftheissiersitwries on.alystsarepaidinpartasedontheprofibilityofdeutschebankandandsaffiliates, whichincludesinvesting banking, tradingandprincipaltrainingrevenues.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And with deutschebanksalespersonsandtraders, tradingstratégesoridehatreferencedatalystsoreventsthatmay have anaear-termormedium-termimpacton themarketpriceofthesecuritiesdiscussedinthrisk
I don't know what you're talking about, here in.deutschenkhankhasnoobligationtoupdate, modifluoroportortootherwiwisentifyarepicietheofifififififfanopinion,forcastorestimaticsorcessorsorceorcuate.coverageandthefrencofchangesinmarketkeyconditionsandinbothgeneräpany-specificconomic prospecetsmäkeidirectivetoupdateresearchcased.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The deutschebankresearchpartmentistindependorofotherbusinessdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding organisationalalarrangementsandinformation
It's not like I'm going to have to go to the hospital, but I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to go to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital, and I'm going to the hospital, and I'm going to the hospital, and I'm going to have to go to the hospital.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and (iii) currencesmaybesubjectvoluationoverment-imposedexhangecontrols, which should affect thevalueofthecurrence.investsinsecuriuschasadrs, whosevaluesareoffectedby thecurrencenyofan undercovering security, effactivelyassememrecurencyrisk.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's just that I'm not the only one who's going to do it, but it's the only one who's going to do it.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Automobiles & components saicmotor germany: approvedand/ordriedbydeutschebankag, ajoinstockcorporation
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying, I'm just saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
4444.itisrestered by the securitiesandexchangaboardofindia(sebi)astockbrokerbearingregistration nos.: nse (capitalmarketsegment)-inb 231196834, nse (f&osegment) inf23119834, nse (currencedélivatives segment)ine 23119834, bse (capitamalketsetsegment) inb0111196830; mechantbankerbearingsedirectation
No. no. no.: inm00100000108researchedanalybyringsebiredirectionno. :inh00001741.deiplmayvereveveveveveveveveveveveveverevendofmetthesebiforbreachesofofindicadianregulations.thetransmissionofmissionofresearchoughdreipl isdeutschebank'sdeterminationandwillnotmakearecipientaclietofdeipl.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliate(s)
I don't know what you're talking about, mayhavebtholdingsorpositionsinthesubject company.
iifinancialinstrumentsfirmsassociation and thefinancialfuturesassociationofjapan.commissionsandksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions,wechargestockcommissionsandconsumptiontaxbymultiplying the transactionamountby thecommmissionrateagreedwitheachcustomer.stocktransactionsscanscandtossasaresault
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, registered credentializationsinjapanlessesjapanesjapanor'nippon'specipialdisdatedinthenameoftheity.portsonjapaneselistcompaniesnotwrittenbysorfsorverewerittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalyswith the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforeignsecuritiesstatesstateshandactionalatedaboutsacretdiscordering
I don't know if you're the only one who's got a job, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's not the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
Southafrica: deutschebankagjohannesburgirgisincorporatedinthefederalrepublicicofgermany (branchregister numberinsouthafrica:1998/003298/10).
(onerafflesquay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +6564238001), whichmaycontainres permutation, orinconnectionwith,thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedbydeutsche bankinsingapotoapersonwhoisnostanacredidevevetor, expertinvestoorinstitutionalinvestor (asdefininedinthe)
The yaccuptlegalresponsibilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents. automobiles & components saicmotor
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayundertertakeonlythefinancialservicesactivivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofralicense.itspirincipalplaceofplaceofbusinessintheqfffc:qatarfinalcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyavailableontobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbythe qatarfinalregionalregularity.
russia: theinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontetextof, anddonotconstitute, any appraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseinthianfidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia:deutschecuritissaudialarbiallcompany (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
International financialcentre, the Gatevillage, building 5, Pobox 504902, dubai, u.a.e.theinformationhasbeen destruburedbydeutschebankag.relatedfinancianproductsorservicesrevalableonlytoprofessionalcents, as definedbythedubainanciancialeservicesanity.
Australiaandnewzealand: thoseresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesalecliants" with the Australiancorporal Corporationsactivitynewzealandfinciancialdvisorsact, actively.pleasefertoaustralia-specific whereresearchresearchrestoanninalproducesproducesproduce
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, Michael Spencer headofapacresearch globalchiefoperating officer.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
International Productions deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. Filialehonggong 2-11-1 nagatacho InternationalCommercecentre.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it again, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do it again.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.