The upper-mortality group, joint venture ownership, new product cycle growth, looks forward to 2018, with a renewed cycle of joint ventures and autonomous brand new products under the company's flag, with a period of growth in performance.
New energy, intelligent driving, etc., are well-placed and long-term competitive. As industry leaders, the public sector’s performance has grown with certainty, with lower valuations and high dividends, and is the preferred option for the industry’s configuration. We expect the company’s city share to continue to grow and the Māori rate to rise slightly.
The company’s overall Māori rate was 14.4%, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year, and a slight increase in the cost of sales and financial services. The Māori rate is expected to continue to rise as the volume of autonomous sales increases rapidly.
In 2018, the tax concession on the purchase of vehicles was withdrawn, competition in the industry increased, and a competitive new vehicle was a growth sharper. New vehicles, such as Rx8 and Light Wings, will be placed on the market and the public will be added to tharu, Skodakaroq/Kamiq.
The continuation of the new cycle of joint venture ownership is expected to drive the company’s performance to continue. In January-February 2018, the total sales volume of the Department of Public Administration was 1.73 million, an increase of 11.6% compared to the previous year; of these, 12 million were sold autonomously.
New energy and intelligence are the future direction of cars. Companies mix power, pure electric power, fuel cells, three new energy technologies.
Lines are fully produced, three power cores are fully mastered, and in addition, in collaboration with leading companies such as British Flying, Ningde, Magnus, etc., powerful industrial chain systems have been created in the fields of motor electronics, batteries, electrical controls, etc.
Face layouts, high-voltaic car promotions, and so on, maintain a high sales rate of over 40% of autonomous brands' Internet cars. With new quadruplings, firms remain ahead of their long-term competitiveness and development prospects are promising. 1) Increased competition in the market and declining automobile sales and profit margins; 2) higher raw materials and labour costs.
Automotive Investment Strategy 2018 - Industry space remains the same.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Automobile: car-to-car, Jupon*
Figure 3. Main corporate performance