The upper-mortality group (600104) car, the back-streamship, the value and growth and repair of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Companies published their 2017 report, generating revenue of $87.064 billion (yoy+15.1%) over the reporting period, and net return returns of $34.41 billion (yoy+7.5%) with an overall Māori rate of 14.4% compared to an increase in sales year-on-year negative growth, a resurgence of leadership and a relatively stable cost rate. Companies achieved a full year of multipliers.
The sale of 6.188,000 vehicles (Yoy9.2 per cent) exceeded the growth rate of 2.5 per cent in the industry, with 2.06 million vehicles (Yoy3.1 per cent), 2 million vehicles (Yoy6 per cent), 2.13 million vehicles (Yoy+0.9 per cent) for Mitsubishi and 520,000 vehicles (Yoy+62.3 per cent).
Sales have increased, product structures have been optimized, and the Māori rate of the entire vehicle operation has increased by 0.88 pp. On the cost side, the cost of sales has increased by 0.74 pp, and management costs have decreased by 0.14 pp, which is relatively stable. As a result of increased short-term and long-term borrowing, interest spending has increased by 480 million dollars, and the financial cost rate has been reversed by negative changes.
The joint venture performed well and the product cycle led to an increase in the average price of bicycles. 17-18 years of high- and upper-breathing, high-power cycles of general-purpose vehicles, long-range 1-, long-distance, brand-new gl8, Cadillac series, etc. The product structure is tilted towards suv, and the product structure is optimized.
Upgraded by $10,000 and $0.06 million. The upper-air type of Mitsubishi is in a low-end market, with a less competitive pattern, but the overall level of single cars, net interest rates, and sales remain stable, with a strong advantage.
The cumulative increase of more than 60% in the first two months of auto autonomy has continued its positive momentum for 17 years. By the end of 2016, the first boom was launched, with an average monthly sales of more than 17,000 rx5 in 17 years, with a peak monthly sales of more than 23,000 and a new listing of 3 rx3 in 18 years, which will be on the market in the near future.
It's also possible to pull up the average car rate again. Automobile autonomy is a national network connection, intelligent leader, multi-car-type interactive virtual instrumentation, voice interaction, remote vehicle control, high-tech configuration, now working with mobileye, Four-Vito New, Intel, and will be technologically driven on mobileye.
Beneficiary beneficiaries in differentiation have a safe margin for valuation. The upper-mortality conglomerate, which is the vanguard of the entire vehicle, will generate a certain growth in performance, depending on the public, the penetration depth of the brand, and benefit from increased concentration in the segmented market.
Up-air autonomous R & D is based on a number of international giants, and growth only takes time to verify, and we expect more than 700,000 of them to be sold in 18 years, presumably at a loss. Corporate dividends are over 5%, higher than all the other big cars around the world, and have a high yield. Value and growth are two sides of the coin, and they show up in the entire investment of the car.
The company has the highest degree of certainty in China’s high-growth markets, and has the value attributes of high dividends, which are a rare quality white horse. The concentration trend is increasing, the autonomous brands are growing, and the high and low-valued value of dividends provides excellent value.
1. Upwinding group (600104): optimized product structure, gross 3. Uploading group (600104): multiple new vehicle types on the market, 4. Uploading group (600104): general, universal, autonomous
The troika was driven (2017-04-06) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.