The company is a leading company in the domestic automobile industry, selling 6.197 million cars in the previous November.
The Autonomous Brands are driving up sales by 70%, and the subsequent roll-out of Cars 6 and rx3 is expected to continue to heat up sales and push the Autonomous Blocks to break down gradually. The crowd is going to roll out multiple suvs like Scotakaroq, popular tharu, and new caddys are going to pop up the Scodakaroq.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has a strong sense of performance growth and a high rate of dividends, which is the preferred option for the industry’s configuration.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved operating income of $608.05 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the previous three quarters; it was owned by the company.
The new cycle of joint venture ownership continued, with a high degree of certainty of performance growth in 2018. In 2018, by car, tax incentives were withdrawn, and competition, sales and performance in the industry increased or were further polarized.
In a market environment, a competitive new car is a growth sharper. The new cars, such as the number 6 and rx3, have been brought to the market on their own, and, with the expansion of the distribution channels, they are expected to produce a new success and, gradually, a full-calibre loss.
Average daily turnover of 3 months (millions of yuan) Multiple products such as Caddysuv, new products added to the upper gas, in line with market trends, net liability ratio (%) (2018e)
The new cycle of joint ventures is continuing, with high performance growth in 2018. The Shanghai Automotive Industries (Governance Group) employees hold shares + low valuations + high dividends, and future gains are guaranteed.
The core employees held 4.84 million shares, tied to the company's interests, which effectively stimulated the company's long-term issuance, using the market price as of December 29, 2017 as the standard.
1) Increased competition in the market and a decline in sales and profit margins; 2) higher costs of raw materials and labour.