In January, up-to-date sales grew by 13 per cent, and self-inflicted power opened the door by 0.1 per cent for the general public, up-to-air, up-to-air vehicles and up-to-date Mitsubishi sales, respectively.
12.8%, 81.4%, and 9.8% were opened in January as a whole, with an impressive and slightly higher level of sales than expected. In 2018, competition increased and sales and performance increased.
The brand has a lot of hot sales, rx3 and zs/6 and will be followed by a lot of cars like rx8 and light wings, with a year-round sales of over 700,000 and a boost to self-defeating. The public will be running multi-suv cars like Skodakaroq/kamiq, popular tharu, etc.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has a strong degree of certainty about performance growth, a low valuation and a high dividends rate, which is the preferred option for industry configuration. In addition, the company’s new talent is fully intelligent, with long-term competitiveness remaining ahead.
The company sold 712,000 vehicles in January 2018, an increase of 13.1 per cent compared to the previous year; among them, the public, the general public, the passenger car, the Mitsubishi car, and 9,963 in the third month of the market.
The new cycle of joint-venture ownership continued, with high performance growth in 2018. In 2018, by car, tax incentives were withdrawn, industry competition intensified, and competitive new vehicles were growth sharps.
New vehicles, such as rx8, light wings, will be placed on the market, with new multi-suv products such as tharu, Skoda karoq/kamiq, and new products such as Cadillac compacts such as the one in general, which are in line with market trends and are expected to be sold.
In 2018, competition increased in the car industry, with sales volume and performance or further differentiation, seeking certainty will be the primary factor. Corporate performance growth is more certain, lower valuations and high dividends are the preferred option for industry configurations, and continues to be strongly recommended.
1) Increased competition in the market and declining sales and profit margins; 2) significant increases in the cost of raw materials and labour.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.
Jupun*