The company recently issued a performance forecast for 2017, with net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounting to approximately $34.2 billion.
A steady growth is largely in line with expectations. In 2018, when a car-purchase tax concession was withdrawn, competition in the industry increased, sales and performance were and will be further polarized.
The new energy intelligence of the Division is fully deployed, and long-term competitiveness continues to be a leader. Given the industry’s downside, I, the dollar and $3.53 dollars, drive performance growth through an autonomous joint-venture product cycle, sustain long-term competitiveness ahead, sustain steady performance growth, and continue to lead sales. In 2017, the company sold 6.93 million cars.
This represents an average increase of 5.4 percentage points over the 6.8 per cent increase in the vehicle industry.
Tax concessions have been withdrawn, competition in the industry has increased, and the new competitive car is a growth sharper. Automobile Rx5 has sold more than 20,000 vehicles for five consecutive months, and Rx3 has been on the market for less than two months, and about 15,000 new cars like Light Wings, Rx8 will be on the market.
The bulk of the cars are broken down. The higher public is expected to increase the number of popular suv products, such as tharu, Skodakaroq, and the higher body is expected to sell them. The new product cycle of joint ventures continues, with high performance growth in 2018. And the company has a lower valuation and a higher rate of dividends.
New energy and intelligence are the future directions of cars. The company’s new energy mix, pure electric power, and three technological routes for fuel cells.
The product is complete, the three power cores are fully mastered, and joint ventures with well-known companies such as British Flying, Ningde, Magnus, etc., have created the advantage of a strong industrial chain system. Internet vehicles such as company rx5 are kept up for sale and are fully deployed in intelligent driving such as sensors, high-precision maps, etc.
Together, the firm's long-term competitiveness remains ahead of schedule, and prospects for development are promising. 1) Increased competition in the market and declining sales and profit margins; 2) significant increases in raw materials and labour costs.
S.H.I.E.L.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Car: The whole car, Jupon*