Performance meets expectations, Deep Farming's end smart intellectual platform 30/08/2024 Event: Ingenuity released its semi-annual performance for 2024 on 29/08, first half of 2024
19.20 billion yuan, yoy+25.06 per cent; net profit of 692 million yuan, performance of yoy-24h1 meets expectations, and short-term impact of new operations on profit performance. 2024h1, company return \triangleright
Net profits of $692 million, yoy-44.53 per cent, performance was as expected, net operating cash inflows of $1,767 million and the scale of new business income continued to rise. In the first half of 2024, there was still a certain gap between corporate return profits and the same period in the previous year; 2) losses and losses on non-recurrent gains and losses during the reporting period were lower than in the previous year
Continuing upscaling, while actively exploring the potential for development in the area of artificial intelligence hardware, q3 battalion is expected to collect the expected ring + battery + fast resonance, building a platform for the manufacture of aai terminal hardware.
1. In the case of smart ideas (00260.sz): Employees ' income from robotic related products grew faster, the scale of business income from some new products increased significantly, and the end-related zero components of carbon fibre products, radiators, batteries, etc., went hand in hand with Māori; 24h1, public
In mid-2024, the Division achieved income of $1.018 billion for its automobile operations, an increase of 42.90 per cent over the same period. 24h1, Photovoltaic Repository Operations.
The current revenue is $399 million, a 56.35 per cent decline compared to the previous year, mainly due to factors such as a decline in the order phase of the client.
Quarterly reviews for 24 years: performance is growing steadily throughout the season, deep-ploughing glues and vc thermal tubes, etc. The company’s super thin vcs, such as copper, stainless steel, pure titanium, etc., and radiative solutions.
The program was loaded with high-end mobile phone models in a number of cases, and the volume of output was achieved.
Director 2023/10/30 Chief Operations Officer Jeff visited China to visit one of the core suppliers: Ingenuity.
One of the suppliers provides thousands of modules and parts for apples, including mac, iphone, ipad, applewatch, airpods, and applevisionpro. The company is actively building an end-of-end hardware manufacturing platform, self-researching with apples, and the supply chain status continues to improve. As of 24h1, the company is tired.
A total of 1,908 patents were granted, including 292 patents, 1,562 patents for practical new patents, 54 patents for outward-looking patents, and 6,090 R & D. Reconciling, the apple supply chain continued to improve, the long-term upward trend was clear, and the “recommended” rating was maintained.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.