Staff Holding Schemes (SIPs) show confidence in Deep Farming 'ai Terminal Ideas Platform 27/07/07 2024 Event: 26/07.
\triangleright The stockholding plan does not exceed 30.35 million shares, representing about 0.43% of the total stock holdings of the company on the date of the announcement of the draft employee holding plan, and helps attract and retain talent and core cadres.
The number of employees is not more than 40, including company executives, core cadres, and so on.
Of this, the share of revenue is higher for power, batteries, heat, display, cameras, middle frames, and more rapid growth for new and emerging ai+ smart end product applications, such as xr, folding screen phones, servers, robots, etc., and for automobiles, 1.69 billion, an increase of 43.61% compared to 43.61%.
Up to 1,555 million yuan, an increase of 29.89 per cent over the same period.ai terminal energy consumption has increased and evaporation has become a necessity. The company's evaporation products cover the entire industry chain, including super thin average heat boards, radiating parts, radiative modules, radiators, liquid cooling systems, graphite chips, conductor gaskets, conductor glues and vc heat tubes. In the second half of 2023, the company joined its clients.
1. Reported performance in mid-2024 with the development of radiant products such as the first ring vc, and the achievement of volume production, by smart talent (00260.sz).
Ideas platform 2024/07/07ai hardware + new energy sources open up new space. The corporate consumer electronics industry leads and further penetrates emerging markets such as new energy cars, photovoltaics, storage energy, while actively exploring development potentials in the area of artificial intelligence hardware
Quarterly review of 24 years: performance is growing steadily and growing steadily. In the area of automobiles, August 2023, company subsidiaries and power cell companies under the umbrella of an entire German car manufacturer, tri-quarterly reporting points in 2023 (00260.sz)
In addition, companies are actively expanding such as auto radiator modules, charged products, and vehicle chargers. Assessment: income profits continue to grow, cars + photovoltaic high-speed growth - 2023/10/30
In August 23, the company entered the national flagship metal business resource pool for important customers; in 23, it reported its performance in mid-2023 (00260.sz). In the second half of the year, it entered the new battery module development phase, in addition to overseas bases for important products from major international clients.
The value of the Chinese supply chain is high. According to an interface news report, July 25, Penang \triangleright
Quarterly review of 23 years: increasing profitability, visit by Chief Operations Officer Jeff of Plural Fruit to China to visit one of the core suppliers: intellectual excellence. This included a visit to the lead bureau to build long-term advantages - 2023/05/05
The benefits are located in several centres of intellectual manufacturing and research and development at the Guangdong Dongzhou plant for the production of functional and modular components, and as one of the core apple suppliers, the benefits are provided with thousands of model components and parts for apples, covering products such as mac, iphone, ipad, applewatch, airpods and applevisionpro.
Actively building a platform for the manufacture of aai terminal hardware, self-researching with apples, and continuously upgrading the supply chain status. \triangleright terminal + new energy areas, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.