In the first half of the year 2024, the top one will become the engine of future growth, and the company will issue its semi-annual performance forecast for 2024.
The first half of 2024 saw a sharper decline in performance, driven by the top one, and a better outlook for the future. As the scale of new business income has increased, but reduced profitability, increased competition in the industry has led companies to expect deep benefits from the upward trend of “hardware +ai”.
Revolucionary promotion of work and lifestyle, and accelerated integration of the smart terminal landscape. According to the advisory body idc and counterpoint predicts that the penetration of ai cellular phones and aipc is expected to increase rapidly between 2024 and 2027, helping to create a more intelligent and improved ecosystem.
There will be a significant increase in demand and a growing importance of arithmetic, with smart terminals requiring upgrades to spare parts such as radiating heat, chargers, storage, screens, etc., which will benefit from the use of power sources, batteries, radiating heat, display cameras, center frames, etc., as functional piece experts.
In business, the company has developed and produced components such as heat tubes, hormonal panels, air-cold radiator modules, water-cooled modules, graphite tablets, heat gaskets, heat-guided glues, etc., and is expected to benefit deeply from the upward trend in spare parts at the end of the swathe.
There is still much room for new business such as automobiles and photovoltaics. According to market research institutes, 705.5gwh per month of total global power cell load in 2023, an increase of 38.6% over the year, with battery structures expanding their market size year by year.
The size of the field will be 76,813 million yuan. Photovoltaic reverse transformers are devices that can be used in photovoltaics, i.e. plug-ins, and can convert the direct electricity generated by a single solar component to exchange power. According to the market research agency, mordomelligence, the compound growth rate is 19.7 per cent, based on the company’s leading sophisticated manufacturing, R & D design and business expansion.
Capabilities, working with international leaders in the field of power cell structural breakdowns, micro-reverser odm surrogates, are expected to continue to grow in the beneficiary sector. We believe that the trend of aai cell phones and aipc is clear over the next three years, with companies benefiting more and maintaining purchases.
Risks of change in the macro-environment; increased risk of competition in the industry; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of greater concentration of customers; risk of less than expected downstream demand; risk of impairment of goodwill and assets.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations