Performance meets expectations. The main reason for the decline in corporate performance in the semi-annual year 2024 compared to the same period in the previous year is: 1) the scale of corporate income from new business
Increases in the range, but there is still a certain gap in profitability compared to the previous business; 2) The combined Māori ratio of companies has decreased as a result of a combination of factors such as increased competition in the industry in terms of Māori rates; 3) The expected gains and losses from non-recurrent gains and losses during the reporting period have decreased over the last year.
By that time, the company’s share of major clients &asp is expected to continue to rise, while actively exploring the potential for development in the area of artificial intelligence hardware, with further growth expected in the q3 crop. The consumer electronics base plate is solid, building a one-end hardware manufacturing platform.
Of this, electricity, batteries, heat, display, camera, middle frame income accounted for 21.62%.
Growth was faster; the automobile business generated income of 1,697 million, an increase of 43.61 per cent over the same period. Photovoltaic storage energy business received: revenue profits continued to increase, cars increased at a high rate of photovoltaics.
Long - 2023/10/30 Cold systems, graphite, conductor gaskets, conductor glues and vc thermal tubes. In the second half of 2023, companies and customers 3.
In August of 23rd year, the company entered the national flagship metal business resource pool for important customers; in the second half of 23, it entered the new battery module business development phase, in addition to the overseas base for important products of major international clients.
Quarterly review of 23 years: Sustained increase in profitability, diversification, technological innovation in R & D systems, embraces new opportunities for technological hardware. By the end of 2023, the public layout created long-term advantages - 2023/05/05
By the end of 2023, the company had 5902 R & D workers, representing 7.5% of the total number of companies.
A manufacturing platform that provides industry-wide one-stop smart manufacturing services and solutions for the sophisticated functionality, structure, module, etc. required for the ai terminal equipment on a global scale. Terminals + new energy areas maintain a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.