A terminal manufacturing platform-type enterprise, with an accelerated landing drive on the other side — receiving an incident evaluation report from the Smart Institute (00260.sz) — published the semi-annual report of 2024: the company was picked up in the first half of 2024.
▪ Short-term performance pressure, long-term trends in product structural change are positive, with 2024h1 company sophisticated functions and structures, chargers, auto product operations benefiting notably from the rapid growth of the ai terminals and communications operations, with temporary profitability
The main reasons for the pressure were changes in the short-term product structure, followed by new business profitability: ai-driven upgrading of consumer electronics, rate of radiant solutions suppliers; artificial intelligence-driven upgrading of consumer electronics; ai mobile phones; and aipc
According to idc, global ai cellular traffic in 2028 will reach 103 million in 2025 and aipc penetration is expected to reach 85% in 2027.
In order to avoid the failure of the equipment caused by overheating, the evaporation became a link between ai's cell phone and aipc's thrust. The vc average heat board will be the end of the ai.
The “hard nuclear demand” is gradually becoming the mainstream programme for ai cellular phones and pc radiators, and is moving towards hyperboiling, structural simplification and low-costing. According to Yano Research, the global average hotboard market will be 587 million dollars in 2025.
At the end of the industry, the iPhone 16 series, which is about to be marketed this year, will use more advanced radiating programs and stainless steel batteries, and will show a significant increase in evaporation performance.
The wire will be raised to 40w, the wireless will be raised to 20w. From the stock, apples will be able to increase the supply of the iphone 16 series to 90 million. We believe that this year is the first year of the ai cellular outbreak, and the radiator will benefit significantly.
In the area of the i terminal, the company has the capacity to produce various radiative products, modules, and various functional materials.
The company currently provides customers with radiating products such as radiative parts, empty cold radiating modules, water cooling modules, graphite chips, conductor pads, heat-guiding glue, etc. Vc all heat board evaporation programmes for different materials such as copper, stainless steel, pure titanium, etc.
Thermoboards are used primarily for high-end products, with lighter and better heat radiative properties than copper-based homogenesis. The company’s super thin vc heat board and radiative solutions have been loaded and delivered on multiple high-end mobile phone models.
In terms of functional materials, companies are able to supply heat, electromagnetic shield, ceramic fibre-based materials.
The core supplier of fruit is expected to continue to benefit from the increased demand for evaporation of consumer electronics in the market as a result of the trend towards artificial intelligence development.The Division, as a core supplier of apples, is expected to continue to benefit, covering for the first time, by giving
Macroeconomic disturbances; concentration of risks for large clients; vc heat panels below expectations. Electronic communications group presentation: Maozheng University, Master of Materials, three years of US semiconductor company work experience, participated globally
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having, for not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.