Industry-controlled import substitution accelerated, and electric vehicle operations continued to suffer - the 2020 report and the first quarter of 2021 reported a profit of $2.100 billion, representing an increase of 120.62 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the basic gain per share was $1.22.
In the quarterly report, 2,021q1 achieved a revenue of 3,413 million yuan, an increase of 120.53 per cent over the same period; the net profit from maternity was $646 million, an increase of 274.6 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright 2020, with a strong recovery in the industrial and regulatory sector since March, continued strong downstream demand, insufficient capacity to add up foreign brands to the epidemic-affected supply and slow client response, and firm ' s fast-tracking share performance, generating revenues of about $5.315 billion a year.
This is about 63% higher than the average industry growth rate. Of this amount, GFW earned 2,123 million, 37% more, GFW 1,843 million, 112% more, plc&hmi 423 million more, 115% more, and the electric fluid system 670 million (including Istun).
The market share in the servo system was about 12% and 10%, respectively, in the third and fourth places on the domestic market, with a marked increase in market shares, and the gap with foreign firms was rapidly narrowing. In March this year, the manufacturing pmi was 51.9%, the ring was 1.3% higher, 13 months in the expansion zone, the 2021q1 industry continued to flourish, and the industrial control board generated revenues of about 1,904 million.
RMB, or about 146 per cent of the increase in the same year, 667 million yuan in general frequency transformers, or 135 per cent of the increase in the same year, 805 million yuan in the common server system, or 194 per cent of the increase in the same year, 135 million yuan in the plc&hmi, or 71 per cent of the increase in the same year, 212 million yuan in the electrical fluids system (including Eastton).
The firm is expected to accelerate the recovery of its foreign brand share and to maintain a high trend in industrial controls. New energy power is growing in power and power, and it is expected to continue to lose in 2021.
\triangleright's new energy car business generated revenues of $1,102 million, an increase of about 69%. Of this, rapid release in the car area, driven by the new power client ideals, pelicans, Wilma, etc., was fast in the specialized car area: the gas supply in the car field was fast.
Growth, introduction of heavy card industry solutions, short-term pressure in the area of passenger vehicles by downstream demand. Companies have continued to expand their customers. Three customers have been targeted overseas, and the country is now breaking through such cars as Hiro, Chirre, and the Wall.
A significant loss, with a strong 2021q1 order, yielding revenues of about $346 million, an increase of about 286 per cent over the previous year, is expected to be further reduced this year, and a profit is expected next year. The synergy of elevator operations is evident, and the market is strong in its lead position.
The company has been increasingly integrating its operations with those of Bethette, and synergies have gradually emerged, with elevator operations (including Bethette) being evaluated in the tri-quarters of Trans-national Intelligence Technologies 2020: Industrial Control, which currently generates about $921 million, an increase of about 53 per cent over the same period.
The accelerated pace of oral substitution, the rapid release of power by car and the continued expansion of overseas markets, with firm and sustained growth in company elevator performance and strong market leadership.
There has been a significant increase in profitability, and the competitiveness of approved applications is expected to increase The high performance of the plate, the increase in the use of power and power in vehicles The optimal structure of the company's products and the initial results of efficiency measures have led to an increase in the Māori ratio of 0.38 to 39.34 per cent over the same period.
The company's business efficiency improved significantly in the first year of its organizational change, with cost rates falling by 5.49 per cent to 21.02 per cent over the same period, with sales rates down by 0.91 per cent, management costs down by 0.69 per cent, R&D costs down by 2.69 per cent, and financial costs sunk” strategy actively advancing, with scope for improving profitability this year.
Given the company’s industry’s leading position and long-term growth space, reference to automation of industrial controls (Senwan) means 59 times greater, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, industry growth has been lower than expected, and industry competition has outpaced expectations.
Corporate financial statement data projections aggregate securities, Dong Wu securities, Hwang securities, joined in August 2020.Tinya, a multi-year photovoltaic industry research experience, worked in Solarzoom, New Age securities, joined in December 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.