(a) Industry-controlled operations across the board, innovation in management change exploration systems Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: 1 company issued a 2020 & 2021 quarterly report. $11.5 billion in 20 years, compared to 56 per cent in 20 years;
The net return to the mother is 2.1 billion, compared to 121 per cent; the year 21 q1 + 121 per cent, corresponding to 2 disclosure of the draft long-term incentive plan, with a net profit assessment target of 2.8 billion in 2021.3 It is proposed to invest $1 billion in the establishment of a new energy (permanent state) subsidiary with total production power generation, power supply, obc
Managing change progress. The company moves into a management-driven innovation growth phase where short-term performance and orders should be diluted, company prices compared to the 300-point trend, and the incentive plan sends two messages, one of continuous downswings in cost during the business level and the other of long-activities.
The plan is for management to explore institutional innovation and to close the new culture of “contributors-based” and incentive systems, and to begin to deliver on the results of the management change. The annual returns are expected to meet expectations for 2021-2022, with pro-cyclical plus management change driving high performance growth.
High performance growth is the economic recovery driving up capital spending in manufacturing, and corporate strong Alfa. The domestic low-pressure transformer/server/plc market has grown by 7.8% and 17.2% and 11.6%, up from nearly three years ago.
According to Ne-era statistics, the power-controlled city accounts for 10.6%, after Biadi, and the company sits at the top of the country’s three-way electricity-control pole. Explores the bottom logic of the company’s growth in 2020: the creation of “support groups” in the early part of the epidemic to capture market shares; the introduction of “integrated supply chains” reforms to raise the Māori ratio; and
All right, raw material price risk identification and management; the “topdown down” strategy expands the generic automation margins, drives rapid growth in revenue collection, reduces the amortization of R & D and sales costs, produces a slightly higher per capita output than q1 performance, and has sufficient hand orders.
q1 high growth is economic recovery, and “over-the-life” output is abundant. General automation is 146% longer than the previous year, with the changer servers growing by 194% being driven by new economic plates such as lithium electricity and photovoltaics, and the new energy business growing by 284% compared to the same year, with higher sales of downstream electric vehicles.
The net profit margin ring rises by 2.08 pct, while the cost falls by 1.64 pct during the sale period. q1 orders (automated).
2. The industrial giant, the new beginnings again took off, the new energy (the Changzhou) subsidiary was established, and the new energy vehicle strategy continued to deepen.
q1 new energy orders vov 8 times, electric car product line capacity is about to be saturated, and the establishment of the Changzhou factory will effectively address the energy bottlenecks.
The value of the incentive scheme will be 30% (net profit-testing target for the year) and a net gain from the previous year.
Compared to 10% of lubricant, the fund is used to purchase or subscribe to shares in the company and award the person concerned.
In our view, the Long-End Incentives Initiative provides a strong incentive for core staff and, more importantly, represents management's search for institutional innovation and the creation of a closed circle of “contributive-based” corporate culture and incentive systems to manage the dividends of change.
1. Management changes are not on track; 2 macroeconomic fluctuations; 3 prices of raw materials; 4 and expansion of the new energy vehicle business has been hampered.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.