\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Dun Yongkang, the cooling business is profitable and technological upgrading captures structural opportunities.
In terms of technology, companies are pushing for an iterative version of the dominant product, taking advantage of the high copper price opportunity, highlighting the steel valves and the seating table.
At the same time, focus on research and development of high-potential products in order to bring about a breakthrough in the market. The zero business is profitable and perfects the global industrial landscape.
0.21 pcts, operating income and profitability have all increased; in the global layout, companies have continued to implement the global supply map through the construction of factories in Mexico, Poland and China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay and new production capabilities.
The strategic layout, “Simulating Robotics + Storage Energy”, opens up the growing ceiling. In terms of storage capacity, the company focuses on the evaluation: profitability is strong, storage and robotics are open.
Clients, closely track developments in storage system technology, and keep track of the market for energy heat management components.
• Construction of art and patented technology mounds. 24-year-year-year-year-year review: high level of auto parts and components operations, 3 3-tribe smart control (002050.sz) semi-annual 2023
Review: Performance is over-expected, storage and robotic operations open up a new product, 4. 3x3 (002050.sz) depth report: the intelligent person opens up a new growth space and maintains a “recommended” rating.
On the eastward side, the three flowering seasons of 2023/06/15 23 will be evaluated: performance meets expectations, zero operations methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.