The asset injection is complete, and the information, the softness, will push the company back into the growth path.
The net profit of the mother was $94,301.4 million, an increase of 38.74 per cent over the same period; the weighted average net assets completed the injection of core assets, such as the Nanxia relay, and the size and technological preponderance of the domestic electricity automation, relay protection, flexible straight flow areas were formed.
During the year, the company completed a major reorganization of its assets, with the addition of relay protection and flexible transmissions, power automation information communications, hydropower automation, etc.
Supply/direct transmission, hydroelectric automation, orbital traffic monitoring and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission operations are growing rapidly, with technology reaching world leaders in water parity. In 2017, companies achieved $5.774 billion in relay protection and flexible transmission operations.
The highest Māori rate in the company’s current business plates. In 2017, the Department was involved in the construction of a number of grid demonstration projects, with the world’s highest voltage level, the largest capacity of 500 kv-Sunanupfc successfully shipped, leading to the completion of ~535kv-simplified.
The grid core equipment is developed and validated, with an overall international leader. Camera equipment is integrated into a 100% market share, with the winning Qinghai Sea 750kv Seaside Replenishment, Shanghai 220kv High Algae upfc, Suzhou Direct Flow Network Demonstration Project, Sutong Gil Integrated Colony Project
Monitoring systems, the Ying Qing direct-flow mix distribution network demonstration project, and the Sarqing package control project, which takes over the world's maximum-capacity battery storage capacity - the 200mw storage capacity. In technology development, the company takes the lead in making ~535kv/3000mw flexible.
Fluid valves, 535kv straight circuit breakers, flexible direct grid control protection and high voltage straight current measurement devices were developed and determined by dnvgl forensics and the Chinese Electrical Engineering Institute.
The combined winning amount of $2.5 billion in the first tender for equipment for the project, with a market share of 65% for single projects, is a further indication of the company’s technical advantage in the soft-flow field. We judge that this year the country is expected to have four or so ultra-high pressure lines for bidding.
This year, the company has been able to achieve an increase of nearly 10% in its power protection and flexible direct flow operations, and the company’s technological advantages in such areas as igbt, soften-up valves, etc. will provide the public with more sustained growth in the future.
The potential for growth in information and communication services has been demonstrated through the development of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure, which has expanded from five to 25 provinces.
The power supply command platform, quantum communications, the mpp database, the 95598 Smart Cloud Service, the Car Networking Clouds platform, etc. has made a major breakthrough in new business markets. “Ritam” can calculate the platform’s access to the national web collection catalogue and customize the server to make a breakthrough.
It is judged that this year the company ' s ICM will be expected to achieve a 20% or more increase in performance, without the company ' s information and communications operations going to be active on the side of the grid, in the field of rail transport, and in the future the company will be attacking the energy Internet services cloud platform on the side of demand, the grid ' s malicious information offensive.
Research and development in areas such as critical technologies such as identification and active defense, quantum communications encryption authentication devices, etc., will provide companies with a further impetus for sustainable development. The automation of power grids and industrial control operations will decline from 2016 and are expected to stabilize in the future.
Development. In 2017, 801.4 billion yuan (yoy-9.3 per cent) was spent on electricity construction and 53.15 billion (yoy-2.2 per cent) on electricity grid construction; during the same period, 12.596 billion yuan was spent on electricity grid automation and industrial control.
The Division ' s share of the regular batch collection has been raised, with the city leading in areas such as security stabilization, dispatching, power switching, distribution, etc., and major projects such as the winning superhigh-pressure straight flow control system, and clean heating in Qingheimado: also, the company converted secondary equipment in the South Net in 2017.
This year, the company's power grid automation and engineering operations are expected to increase again.
Good growth momentum. Under the assumption that corporate grid automation will maintain steady growth, companies benefit from flexible straight-flow high voltage and pre-development of grid information and communication; and network information and communication operations are not as developed as expected.
Pan Young-Long: Nine years of experience in securities research at Xiamen University, joined the Chinese Securities Research and Development Department in September 2017, mainly in research and follow-up areas: the new energy sector for electrical equipment, the environmental sector, and the non-monetary financial sector. The report was produced by Hua-Hing securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.