National gold foliage urities (600406.sh)
Collections and performances opened up, laying a good foundation for year-round growth Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
The company’s Māori ratio and roe are expected to rise even further. As in previous years, the net interest rate was less than 100 million.
19.3 per cent, which significantly improves the quality of corporate statements as a whole. If the non-recurring gain/loss effect of the same control consolidation object (mainly the effect of Nanwe ' s subsequent insurance) is deducted, the net profit is not attributable to the mother for the current period.
$816 billion, representing an increase of 1072.17 per cent over the same period, represents a faster increase in the performance of non-subsistence electrical operations during the current period. Cost rates have remained stable overall and the quality of cash flow statements has improved significantly.
Consistent with the growth of 31.97 per cent and 19.47 per cent, and consistent with the growth in revenue overall, financial costs reached 3. Third Quarterly Report Stocktaking - Income and Net Profit. Business cash flows increased by $873 million compared to the previous year, with the same ratio of operating cash flows/corporate collections.
Good 32.80 pct, mainly due to a significant increase in corporate repayments and a significant decrease in payments. 4. National Electric Swe Tracking Report - From eight major heat industries of interest to smart grids, clear trends are expected to increase by more than 20% over the year.
In order to establish a clear trend towards intellectualization, automation and informatization of the industry, corporate grid automation, relays, the National Insight Study - Group Reorganization of Traditional Electrical Businesses such as Electricity Protection, Electricity Network Temperature Control, Information Communication, etc., will benefit from a more definitive approach to the industry.
More specifically, the network, especially the network automation, has invested heavily in recent years, and with the massive impact on the grid of distributed new energy sources, charge boards, storage, etc., we believe that the network automation high profile will continue. The company’s net-related performance ratio will increase rapidly in the future.
In 2025, investment will rise four-fold to $100 billion in the same year, increasing the ICT performance of the enabling companies.
Investments related to grid automation are not as high as expected; firm-backed financing projects are not as low as expected; corporate overseas business development is not as fast as expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.