Assets poured into the perfect collection, energy changes provided a new space, April 22nd, 2018.
Wang Linson, in addition to electricity grid automation, industrial control and transhipment for listed companies, also absorbs energy-efficient section distribution, energy-saving operations and charge-post operations, as well as automated operations for relay companies.
In recent years, as the level of grid automation has increased, the overall investment in the grid has saturated, and the main income in the grid is now derived from technology, from technology, from technology and from updating needs, and from user-friendly ends, such as network automation, which are larger than the new space available.
Markets. It is expected that grid automation will gradually shift from grid-side automation to side-side automation in the future, in a context of massive energy-distribution interventions; and that the increase in the proportion of new energy-side interventions will place higher demands on the grid, and that the capacity of the grid to absorb new energy will gradually increase in the future.
There will be new technological overlaps in the technology of movement control and security stabilization. The succession protection and flexible transmission operations will generate $5.15 billion, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period, and the Māori ratio, which is dominated by the former Nanxi insurance operations, will take over the relay protection of pre-market companies and the successor companies.
The business, along with the regular straight-up and soft-current-treasury business of the successor companies and Prey Engineering 2. The historic asset reorganization, New South high-pressure business. The plate is a high-growth plate, while maintaining a high Māori rate.
In December 17, the world had the highest voltage level and the highest transmission capacity. 3. Performance continued to be robust, with the approval of a demonstration project for a high-assessed, flexible, straight-in grid test, and the construction of two new delivery ports, Zhangbei and Kianbao.
In addition to the four 500 kV-to-flow stations at the end of the Fonning Regulator and at the end of Beijing, which promote Zhang Jiaxuan's 4-quarterly report with some market expectations, the development of wind power, photovoltaic power development in the city's renewable energy demonstration area, and the enhancement of Beijing's capacity to receive electricity from outside the country,
Follow-up continues to be focused on the anticipated resumption of the group direct-flow project in Utundes 800kv Siu 5.
▪ A slight decline in the generation of electricity and water and maintenance of automated information and communications. The electricity generation operation, 21.92 billion dollars, down by 27.6 per cent from the same year, the Māori rate by 9.08 per cent from the same year, increased by 1 percentage point, and the power plate owners, who are still in a low Māori rate: electricity information, etc., are responsible for wind, photovoltaic, water, etc.
The company injects assets with a financing price of $15.99 and collects $6.1 billion as a whole.
At the same time, other strategic investors, such as Shanghai Sunshine, Xinhua Mansion, and Hua-Engine International, are expected to help Nan-Seo start the infusion with a slight increase in post-injection cost, a higher turnover, and a much higher share of R & D.
Rising and power markets (especially spot markets) bring about new upgrades in power software and hardware, increasing profit rates or opening up new growth rounds; the igbt R&D represents a high point in electricity and electronics, and the pace of national production is worth focusing.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board