In 2017, the company completed the infusion of group assets, and collected $24,198 million, with retroactive adjustments.
□ The decline in the performance of the power carrier battle group is due to lease buybacks that are not expected to complete major asset injections in 2017, such as the SNSG, the National Networking Academy, etc., for controlling shareholders, new replacement power protection and flexible transmissions, power automation information communications, water and electricity automation, etc.
Overseas and engineering packages. From the annual profit contribution to the company’s net return profits, 63% of the assets were injected, this asset reorganization was equivalent to the injection of a home country, with a significant increase in corporate profitability.
Information communications, relay protection, and flexible transmission, power generation, and hydro-environmental protection are four major business blocks. The power grid self-motivation and industrial control operations were largely affected by the non-purchase of the relevant leased equipment last year. Income fell by 23.35 to 13.546 million yuan, but the Māori rate rose by 5.67 pcts; electricity generation and hydro-hydrates increased by 5.67 pct.
Guaranteeing a 27.61 per cent decline in revenues due to competition in the market; moderate control of the volume of new energy packages by integration and other operations, which, despite a marked decline in revenues, ensure a higher level of profitability; and a high rate of growth of 30.80 per cent by the same year in the maintenance and flexible transmission of electricity through technological advantages.
However, the Māori rate has fallen by 1.2 pct; the power automated information and communication business has been simultaneously operational and regional, ensuring that the original business city has led the lead in expanding the emerging business to a similar rate of 8.38% and 2.82 pct. The overall Māori rate has increased by 5.46 pct, but at the same time the cost of the period.
The utilization rate has increased by 2.5 pcts due to increased post-merger management costs and exchange losses. □ Secondary equipment, power movement, information and communications provide the growth engine. □ 4 ultra-high pressure projects are expected to be approved this year, with tenders in the field of electricity distribution in the national network in 2018
Ninety percent of the year, the design and construction of a new power grid system will soon be launched, which will provide a good opportunity for stable industrial development, such as self-motivation of the company's grid, relay protection and flexible transmission.
The winning bid for a demonstration of the North-Flexible Direct Net experiment, which resulted in orders of $2.5 billion, the largest share of the bidding for re-valves, straight-flow control protection, highlights the ability of the new group to take the bill. The company is now actively setting up electricity, traffic information and communication operations, seeking to replace national production.
The information and communication industry has a revenue target of about $3.5 trillion, and there are huge market prospects for the future of the company.
The company has just completed a public distribution campaign of $6,103 million, and has completed the introduction of strategic investors. Funds are available, the company will accelerate the break-through of the power grid pre-positioning, igbt, demand-side energy Internet services, cloud platforms, soft-forward valve lightening, malign information attack recognition and active defense.
In the 12 months since the date of this report, securities (or industry indices) have increased or decreased relative to the depth of 300 indexes, defined as follows:
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.