No address in the country
Accompaniment financing is a new business area, strategic investment in the Association Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average.
With 380 million shares, a total of $6,103 million was raised, with a final release price of $15.99 per share. This increase has introduced a number of strategic investors, enriched the corporate equity structure, and future business synergies will gradually emerge.
In addition to the China International Electricity Development Corporation, there are three State-owned industry funds under the National Investment Commission: China has an enterprise restructuring fund, a national start-up investment fund, and an investment fund (Huangzhou) operating in China. According to officials, the country’s three new operating funds are more than $100 billion in size.
The shareholders in the three-quarter report are the China-China Group, the Chinese Armed Forces Group, the Shunhua Group, the China Mobile Group, and the large financial institutions such as the Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry, the Chinese Postal Bank, and the Poi Hua Bank.
This round of matching finance is mainly invested in new business areas and will support the growth of the company's medium- and long-term performance.
3. Infra-Governance Research Report - Group Reorganization of Electronic Resourcing Projects such as the igbt Module Project, Experimental Certification of Environmental Construction and Industrial Capacity Upgrading Project of the Smart Network Clouds Platform, and Smart Water Project are largely new business areas, with R & D and production
On the one hand, these operations will continue to consolidate the company’s advantages in the areas of automated information and communication, flexible transmission of electricity, and electricity generation and hydro-environmental protection, while on the other, they will support the company’s growth in medium- and long-term performance. Strategic and emerging industries will be better structured.
Development of a range of strategic and emerging product applications for a wide range of industries such as electricity grids, power plants, discrete manufacturing enterprises, municipalities, military and industrial.
Investments related to grid automation fall short of expectations; firm-backed financing projects fall short of expectations; company overseas business development is not progressing as expected: market-based rating ratio analysis for related reports
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.