The group as a whole shows that the process of internationalization is the bright spot of the future Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of approximately $24.20 billion in 2017, a 14.3 per cent decrease in comparison;
As a result of the replacement of electricity protection and soft transmissions, automated electrical information communications and hydropower automation, the layout of operations in the field of transmission and distribution has been completed.
The current revenue of $12.60 billion, or 6.0 per cent less than the previous year, was 30.8 per cent of the Māori business, while the share of regular batch-based bidding increased in national networks and continued to be market-led in such operations as security stabilization, movement control, power switching, distribution, etc.
The World's Maximum Capacity Battery Storage Energy Project, a 200mw storage energy project in the Dalian Current, generated $3.21 billion in electrical automation, interest communications operations, 14.5 per cent more than in the previous year, and Māori 19.2 per cent more than in total business harmonization, and made a major breakthrough in new business trials such as the Centre, the Control Cloud Platform, the Volume Communication and the Car Network Cloud Platform:
Electricity generation and water conservation operations received $2.34 billion, 23.7 per cent less than the previous year, with a Maori rate of 8.5 per cent, mainly due to the fact that solar power operations were not as expected, and maintained a leading role in markets such as smart hydropower plants, power generation and magnetism; the international business sector followed a “one-way” development strategy to obtain multiple overseas project orders.
The international electricity conglomerate is a new direction: Neptune is the country's leading power secondary equipment, and it is still growing steadily against the backdrop of slower investment in the grid, with breakthroughs in off-grid operations. After the new incorporation of relay power, protection and flexible transmission operations and automated electricity information and communication operations, the company will be issued, delivered, distributed and used.
And companies raise funds to invest in a number of projects in the field of electricity and electronics, showing that companies are positioned not only as domestic power and equipment companies, but as “international first-class” international conglomerates. We can refer to international electricity such as abb, Siemens, etc.
The giants, their share of electrical electronics and related products, the future development of Nanxie, and overseas platforms provide a platform and experience for overseas business development. The net return profit over the next three years will maintain a compound growth rate of more than 25%.
US$, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Neptune (600406): IEG’s prototype is now in place (2017-06-27).
Assumption 1: about 30 per cent Māori has been maintained for grid automation and industrial control operations, business development has followed the country's re-engineering process and the roll-out of platform systems, such as movement control, with a 20 per cent increase in the integrated sector; Assumption 2: The development of electricity generation and hydro-friendly environment has been smooth and Māori has been stable at 10 per cent;
Assumption 3: relay protection and flexible transmission are another direction of the country's electricity grid, with successive electrical orders growing at around 35 per cent, while the Māori rate has remained at around 45 per cent; Assumption 4: Power information and communication is the bright spot for the future of the national network, with industry at 30 per cent and Māori at 20 per cent.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.