The Bulls Group (603195.sh) In-depth research series Three Billions of Bulls accomplishing a path exploration and a roe perspective
In recent years, companies have accelerated diversification, explored new sources of energy,/lights, or three new businesses that have come out of the sea, and have become more resilient, with a strong market for converters and fences, an average of 29% of which is around 20-23 years old.
Mark, this paper focuses on the emerging business developments and the subsequent Roe-level outlook.
2024.8.30 Learn from the best practices of international companies such as Danah, explore the unique Bull Operations Management System (bbs), and integrate the Department of Life and Electrical Services.
Targets, and foundations for companies to achieve long-term strategies and synergetic development across business lines. Roe depends on the speed at which profits from emerging operations climbs, sub-scenarios predicting the expected medium-term roe new energy business: the blue sea market is vast and promises to replicate successful experiences in traditional product categories.
In 21 years, the Division has introduced charge guns/posts and storage energy products that respond to the trend of new energy sources and are technologically efficient for the reuse of starboard and brand names. The company’s products, channel layouts, and high-end “no poles” series of products have been launched, with more than 22,000 outlets in the c-end network, building competitiveness on a continuous basis.
The 1h24 new energy business, with revenues of $290 million, an increase of 12.2 per cent, is on the line. First, with strong growth, it is hoped that the sector's fault line will continue to be a strong anchor in the public sector's “100 billion bull” goal.
Lighting (no headlights) business: Focus on health lighting, without headlights driving growth. Twenty-five years on company basics, companies focus on product innovation and brand promotion, using the "blank light" as their entry point.
In 22 years, the company created an independent brand called "Whispering", which operates as a bull + Light brand. The company actively promoted the development of a full class of flagship and photo-exhibit outlets, which now outnumbers the layout and experience stores.
Three hundred (millions of dollars) of the net profit from the mother-to-manufactured lighting industry is driving a new growth. Billions of dollars, 23 years after the creation of the Department of International Business, has accelerated the voyage to the sea.
Net operating cash flow per unit Product, South-East Asian market focus on power connections, electrician lighting, etc., expected to replicate Chinese Cheng Roe (belonging to parent company) (contribution)
The company’s overseas operations are clearly located, and overseas localization teams have been set up, with nearly 20 local distributors in key countries in South-East Asia and are expected to enter the fast-growing lane.
Increased market competition; new business expansion below expectations; increased prices of raw materials; more services to sweep; more services to sweep; and more services to sweep.
The company is the Chinese civil power company, which was founded in 1995 and has been cut after its success.
In the area of wall switches, new products have continued to expand since then, and have now formed three major business sectors: (1) electrical connection, (2) smart electrician lighting, and (3) new energy operations. After the company ' s listing in 2020, new products have accelerated, supported by the development of new and old products, which are at the forefront of a small-scale manufacturing industry, leading to high-quality growth.
Chart 1: Corporate operating income and growth.
In the medium-to-long term, the key to determining the value of corporate investment in the context of roe-indicators’ analysis is: 1) whether emerging business can be achieved.
What is the quality of the growth of the new business and whether it can be sustained? 1.1, Roe Disassembly the ability of the company: product & brand power, high net interest rates are expected to continue, first of all, in terms of business performance review, the company maintains a long-term high roe, despite raising funds after being listed in 2020.
Redundancy has dragged down total asset turnover, but Roe is still close to 30%. The sub-project looks at the company’s financial characteristics as “high net interest rates, medium turnover, low indebtedness.”
Vertical comparison: high net interest rate + medium turnover + low indebtedness, roe long-term high 1) profit margin: long-term high profitability, product & brand strength
Net interest rates are also more consistent, with an average value of about 32.8 per cent over the period after the elimination of the impact of accounting standards on transport cost adjustments, and behind the high profit centre level is the strong competitive advantage that companies have developed in the category of long-term deep-farm civilian electricians, including the recognition of “safe-use experts” by brands that are continuously marketed and the differential product power generated by positive innovation.
In addition, despite the short-term decline in corporate profitability levels in 2017-2018 as a result of the relatively low Māori production rates, such as digital products, which began to be deployed by companies in 2016, and the increase in unit production costs associated with the implementation of the new national tender, the firm has stabilized net interest rates by successfully passing pressure through product price increases, consolidation upgrades and upgrading.
2) Liquidity ratio: high market bargaining power and high turnover of redundant funds Significant changes in total asset turnover of companies before and after listing, mainly due to ipo fund-raising accumulation, which also led to 0.86, while fixed asset turnover remained at about 8.6 levels after 2016 for the same period, resulting in real master operations
Efficiency did not decline significantly, and companies were more accurate in their investment and handling of additional capacity, and in terms of liquidity efficiency, the average turnover of inventory, receivables/bills, accounts payable/bills in 2015-2023 was 54.2 days, 6.1 days, 75.5 days, respectively, and “low receivable, high response” highlighted the company's presence in the chain of industry.
Greater bargaining power. Scanning for more services 3) Leveraging: Money is abundant and leverage is low
The same reason why companies have long maintained low levels of debt after they were listed is, to some extent, a constraint on the Roe level. In 2015-2023, the average value of corporate assets and liabilities was about 39.2%, while interest-bearing debt ratios were not only reflected in higher profit margins, but also in stronger industrial chains, due to the competitive advantages established by companies in traditional major industries.
Price capacity also leads to better quality of earnings and cash flow performance. Corporate operating cash flows/net profits are sustained on a year-to-year basis at more than one, with cash-type assets accumulated on a larger scale than capital expenditure needs.
Horizontal comparisons with comparable firms in the industry highlight the competitive advantage that underpins high-roe companies.
Figure 14: Average net interest rates of comparable companies for 20-23 years (%) - in particular, the reasons for the high net interest rates of companies. Behind them are the strong market competitive advantages that they have created in the category of breakdowns. Through deep tillers, wall switches, seating classes, building products, brands, barriers to multiple channels, and scalding production, public
The Division achieves a higher market share, which is ultimately reflected in higher gross sales levels, which are closer in terms of management costs, R & D costs, and comparable companies. Companies have become more “dominant” in civil power niche markets, thus supporting roe at a higher profit margin.
The division or subject to competition in the market leads to a low Māori rate or a need to maintain a high Māori rate through a high sales cost rate, which eventually leads to a profit margin below the company. There are no significant differences in total asset turnover or leverage levels.
In conjunction with the previous round-up analysis, the company’s competitive advantage in traditional goods + the continued expansion of its markets have enabled it to achieve high-quality growth in the past. At a time when traditional goods have matured, companies have chosen to open new growth curves with diversified strategies to achieve development goals that balance quality and growth through a mix of new and old goods.
During the year, new operations were developed and the strategic architecture was restructured, resulting in three main tracks: 1) electricity connectivity: mainly converters, digital accessories, which are the smart electrician lighting with the company ' s early and competitive advantage: mainly the traditional main wall wall switch plug and the subsequent expansion of the led lighting (2014);
Figure 18: Share of revenue in the company's three main tracks (%). An analysis of the company's breakdown reveals that the company's diversification strategy is a mature business with “middle-low growth, high Maori” and “high”
Combining the emerging business of growth, low and medium Maori, mature business is focused on consolidating strengths and upgrading, and emerging business is focused on product integrity and market expansion. Since companies are trying to step out of old business circles to develop new business, there is uncertainty about future business performance.
The relative stability of the division converter and wall start-up advantages, so that the effectiveness of diversification strategy implementation depends more on the development of new and emerging products, with the following sub-scenario scenarios: 1) Pessimistic scenarios: new business developments are not favourable and yield gains are not positive
In this scenario, companies can expand their income size by opening their markets with sustained inputs, but fail to build differentiated advantages. They can require sustained cost inputs to support income growth, and profit margins may be lower, which, taken together, can help companies achieve revenue targets but contribute less to profits, thus negatively affecting the value of their investment as a whole.
2) Neutral scenario: New business hatched successfully, but low profit margins. If new business hatched successfully, income expansion targets could be completed on schedule, and the new growth curve could develop independently, leading to a profit contribution. But, in qualitative terms, if new business areas are competitively superior to the company’s traditional powerful goods converter,
If the wall is closed, the profit margin may be lower, leading to a decline in the company as a whole. Taken together, corporate profits have expanded but declined, and overall intrinsic value changes depend on the scale of performance expansion and the relative magnitude of the decline in valuations.
Ideally, the company’s new business was going well, and profit margins continued to rise as brands were approved or channels were built, eventually approaching or even exceeding traditional business, and a new cycle of upscaling with quality and growth was set in motion. Second, by reference to the Danah experience, bullbbs were empowered to diversify.
In addition to the competitive advantages built in product innovation, channel-building, and branding, the company’s productive and efficient management inner core is also crucial and the underlying logic underpinning the successful expansion of diversified business. Learning from Denahdbs, bullbbs, is a source of profound change in internal governance.
The best practices of internationally recognized enterprises such as Denah, which have adapted their organizational structures, sediment management methods, and have explored a system of bull management (bbs, bullbussystem) that matches their own development needs, provide the basis for companies to achieve long-term strategies and synergetic development across business lines. The dbs methodology developed by Danaher in the context of diversification expansion.
Building on years of learning from the best practices of Denahdbs, bulls are now pushing deep changes in internal governance in line with bbs: companies can build on pd (strategic planning and deployment) priorities for new business expansion.
Employable business growth through the import of tools such as smart commodity designs, bpd blast improvements, and sophisticated marketing. At the end of production companies, it is also possible to rely on tools such as 3p production preparation processes, sparrow factory, and methodological applications to achieve a fast pace of new production lines for the new plant 2.1, and retrace Denah: The King of US M&As, dbs enabling business expansion.
Unlike bulls, which expand their new business mainly through endogenous incubation, Denah is particularly good at buying and buying new military fields, which have been built since 1984 in the industrial manufacturing of auto parts, hand tools, environmental monitoring, etc.
After 2005, the life sciences and medical panels were launched, buying large amounts of medicine and technology, such as pall, cepheid, and cytiva. But what is common to both is the ability to nurture new businesses, how to manage new businesses and achieve the established strategy.
Danah also values post-investment management of merger and acquisition assets. Denah has explored a unique dbs approach to development over the past four decades, with an emphasis on internal management and external emphasis on innovation drivers and system-building.
Managing financial investment and lack of experience in managing the business, first came into contact with the concept of smart production from Toyota, Japan, after the acquisition of chicagopenumatic in 1986, and promoted it within the group. After taking office in 1990, the second term ceo sherman began to be more targeted, larger, but less frequent, mergers and acquisitions, with technology deployed in the external expansion.
The number of subsidiaries under the Danah flag reached 51 by the year 2000. In 2001, the third term ceoculp proposed the creation of a “strategic growth platform” on the basis of which a major advance in biopharmaceuticals began around 2005, laying the foundation for today’s Denah’s main camp operation. In 2015, the fourth term ceojoyce took office, focusing on major business development.
Then, in 2016, 2019, industrial and dental operations were broken down, and the pall, cepheid, cytiva, etc., were acquired in office, extending to more detailed tracks. The fifth term, ceoblai, took office in 2020, continued to divide the environmental and applied solutions sector, and continued to actively seek mergers and acquisitions on the biopharmaceutical plates.
Chart 20: Denah Development Highlights dbs are Danah’s killers for successful diversification and expansion, essentially a business management system. On a day-to-day basis, implementation includes a series of internal processes and tools, which are constantly refined in its multi-year history.
It has grown into a corporate culture that encompasses three main elements of growth, excellence, and leadership, and can be summarized as follows: 1) the bestteamwins. Emphasis is placed on team building and talent, and the most efficient and enthusiastic leaders are identified, and corporate employees are encouraged to follow the same code of conduct and value teamwork.
2) Customerstalk, Welisten. Focusing on client needs, addressing the challenges faced by clients, also guides companies in business 3) kaizenisourwayoffe.
The development of the Danahdbs system is related to its diversified business structure and M&A-based expansion model, and is related to the management level.
By 2023, Denah had three major business plates: biotechnology, medical diagnosis, and life sciences, with more than 15 major operating companies operating under the banner, with a global market spread. Only by integrating a large number of subsidiaries into a unified system would it be possible to achieve sustained performance growth and operational efficiency control.
Danah not only manages the complex business sector through dbs, but also constantly expands the new break-down track to look for M & A investment opportunities in the biopharmaceutical domain. In M & As strategy, Denah will focus on: 1) Disaggregate market prospects; 2) Marked market locations, including brand power, technology, and opportunities for expansion; 3) Integration into the dbs system.
Working to preserve the identity and success of M & As firms while providing the required support and resources, such as global markets and supply chain systems, to help them achieve rapid growth, as a result, Denah successfully achieved sustained income-scale growth through M & As strategies.
Major transactions such as business (fortive), split dental operations (envista) in 2019 and split environment and applied solutions (veralto) in 2023 have reduced the scale of income, but the active outreach and endogenous growth of the biomedical plate has effectively supported performance growth, with group operating revenues remaining close to $24 billion as of 2024.
28.3% of Danah completed a diversified layout in the field of high profit margins and high technical barriers to biomedical medicine.
In 2010, when Danah entered the field of biomedicals, the related revenues were only $2.3 billion, and in 2024 they reached $23.9 billion and became corporate owners, with a compound growth rate of about 18.2 per cent during the period, while maintaining growth at Roe 2.2, Vision Bulls: actively building the bbs system and managing the long way.
Without exception, the Bulls have also opted for a diversified development strategy, with a more growth-oriented new business. Despite the tactical implementation of Dan Naher’s decision to extend and buy, and the company’s choice of endogenous incubation, there are similar challenges at the corporate management level.
The unique dbs system has a strong point of reference. Companies have been pursuing the business philosophy of “professional focus, first-hand, long-distance.”
The Department first established the bbs department in 2018, established the Office of the Specialized Bull Operations System (bbso), and has since continued to promote the concept of lean management, covering more business lines and providing strong support for corporate business growth.
Business experience, full value chain coverage by 2020, fully applied to internal efficiency gains and external business creation in 2021, has now become a powerful engine for corporate business development and, based on this, continues to be a source of sedimentation, more specialized talent, and corporate competitiveness in an integrated manner.
During the first half of 2024, companies managed around the value chain, deepening organizational, talent and digital change, further exploring, scavenging for more services, building a “brain-drive” strategic core capacity to improve the overall operational capacity of the Bull Operations Management System and promote high corporate quality
Figure 29: Companies grinding out exclusive bbs systems Chart 30: Certification of corporate executive talent We believe that companies have a competitive advantage in product innovation, channel operation, branding, etc.
It is hoped that this will be strengthened to underpin the achievement of the strategic goal of diversification. If the company succeeds in internal management in learning from Dan Nahe’s vast experience in operating a diversified business, it will continue to improve the efficiency of collaboration among the internal business community, not only in terms of the size of its income, but also in terms of the efficiency of its management, which is expected to support it effectively and achieve high-quality growth.
Roe under the $300 billion target: Profit margins dominate the rhythm, and leverage can be significant. Based on the company ' s enhanced layout and internal management of diversified operations, we try to extrapolate the company ' s Roe levels over the next few years and at the steady state stage. Unlike growth indicators directly linked to the scale of the business, Roe is more focused on capital use.
Efficiency, which can be used to assess the quality of corporate growth, has an impact on corporate valuation levels. Looking ahead, we believe that the key drivers for determining whether a company can continue to maintain a higher core are two: 1) whether a new business can create competitive barriers; and 2) how a company’s capital is structured.
3.1 Driver I: New business Māori uphill, leading the Roe Rhythm The company's current main business structure consists of traditional electrical connection operations, smart electrician lighting operations, and three new energy operations, of which the electricity connection business is mainly a conversion product, resulting in higher income growth and greater certainty of profit margins, while the rest is due to the fact that it is still in place.
In the early and mid-term of the industry, there is uncertainty about its future development, and we look at it with a situational analysis. According to the Dupont Analysis Framework, Roe is largely affected by net interest rates, asset turnover rates, and higher net interest rates for companies.
The split shows the turnover rate of the company’s assets, which has been declining overall since 2017 (monetary funds, transactional financial assets, other current assets), especially when more funds were raised after being listed in 2020, leading to a decline. Other asset turnover rates have historically fluctuated slightly in the order of 3.0 over time.
Emerging business has little impact on the overall turnover rate. Although the company does not disclose the corresponding assets according to the business segment, it can reasonably be assumed that the main factor affecting Roe is the difference in net interest rates for the different business, given the relative relevance of the company’s business, the high level of internal management and the low operational efficiency of the different divisions.
The company likewise did not disclose the net interest rate level of the branch, assuming that: 1) the division cost rate was close; 2) the impact of minor impairments of assets, investment returns, etc.: 3) the net benefit of the operations was assumed to be a rough 15 per cent income tax rate.
Figure 31: Corporate asset turnover by subtype, physical analysis, estimation of neutral assumptions of power connection, smart electrician lighting, compound growth in revenues from new energy operations of about 4.0 per cent,
In terms of marginal changes, future changes in net corporate interest rates depend on marginal changes in different business income structures and in the Mäori rate of different operations. Therefore, the impact on corporate net interest rates can be measured based on the “business income ratio x margin change in Mäori business ratio x (1-income tax rate).
The traditional + emerging business Māori ratio continues to be high at a relatively high overall hub level, with company roe levels expected to be positive in 2026, as product structure upgrades and market position-building drives premiums, respectively.
In a pessimistic scenario, the traditional major Maori rate went down, and the growth in the new business was relatively slow despite higher income growth. In this scenario, net corporate interest rate levels declined slightly, but in 2026, roe could still be 3.2, driver two: leverage space remained wide, with cash class assets high.
Another driver of Roe is the level of leverage, the company’s long-term good-yielding quality, and its more efficient cash return, but it also leads to a certain accumulation of cash-type assets, straining overall liquidity and lowering equity multipliers. A strong cash reserve leaves much room for companies to leverage, increasing asset-liability ratios compared to the direct increase in interest-bearing debt.
We use 2023 financial reporting data as an example to measure the impact of leverage on roe, and to measure marginal elasticity.
The corporate asset-liability ratio, the influence of roe are about +0.07 ptt, +0.11 ptt, and, as the amount increases marginal elasticity and roe, the final level of implementation depends on the capital structure of the company’s management.
Figure 39: The impact of increased red repurchases on roe in 2023. Combining the net interest rates, asset turnover, equity multipliers discussed above, one can look at the long-term roe level.
Traditional practices: market competitive advantages are strong and structural growth is sustainable. The company's traditional business consists mainly of converters, wall switches, long-term operations, good product performance and accumulation of good slogans, strong barriers to competition and continued cash flows, high performance certainty and quality of business.
From a financial point of view, the profitability and turnover of traditional operations are at a higher level, with companies already in a position of market leadership and continuously upgrading their operating systems, with only a decline in income growth as the industry matures 4.1. Converters: a breakdown of the market ' s absolute leader, product upgrading for growth
The converter, a representative business of the company, has since its inception in 1995 insisted on a quality-based approach, created a brand image of “power security specialists” and has been widely recognized by consumers, participated in the drafting of industry standards on several occasions, with strong barriers to products, brands, channels, supply chains, and the domestic market holding the highest position. Because of the importance of household electricity security, consumers form goods.
The image of the cards has led to a greater willingness to pay a slightly higher premium, forming the basis for the company’s high profitability.
At the industry level, China's converter industry has reached the stage of maturity, and the market size has been growing at a medium level in recent years. By 2023, China's converter market was about $16.3 billion in size, with a compound increase of about 5.1% in 2019-2023.
As a civilian electrician, the demand for converters is linked to household power holdings, household households, etc., and it is expected that sales in the converter sector will continue to grow at a low rate as the penetration rate of small household appliances rises and household miniaturization takes place.
Figure 43: Size and speed of the converter market Figure 44: Demand and speed of the domestic converter market
From the standpoint of the pattern of competition, the market for company converters has long been at the forefront of the country, reaching nearly 67.7% of water level in 2021, with brand image deep in the hearts and minds of the country, and the end-marketing of the country, where competitors are less able to shake the company’s position. Given the declining pace of growth in the industry and the dominant position of the company, it is expected that the converter business will be more certain but with limited scope for growth in the future.
Companies are now committed to introducing more beautiful and differentiated niche products, such as embedded products, orbital plugs, lifts, etc. High-value-added products, in response to rising consumption demand. Companies innovate in the direction of home-based landscapes and living patterns, resulting in a well-developed product matrix and an effort to increase the average price of their products.
Figure 45: Market share of company converters (%) Figure 46: Rich corporate converter products 4.2 Walled up: successful product expansion cases, city share still expected to increase
The wall switch plug was the first attempt by the company to expand and succeed in its operations, and in 2007 it moved out of the field.
Foreign brands such as Siemens, Rogran, etc. opened the market with decorative walls, leading to the upgrading of the country’s brand. The hot real estate market also provided ample space for the expansion of the company’s business wall, which began from zero in 2007 to 2015, reaching $1.10 billion, or 24.7 per cent of the company’s main business income.
It is worth noting that the Māori rate for corporate walls is higher and less volatile than for converters. From 2015 to 2019, the average Māori rate for corporate walls is about 37.5 per cent, which is higher than the rate for converters over the same period.
Figure 48: Māori opening of corporate walls, due to the fact that wall openings are part of the local post-natal cycle industry, are more affected by the real estate industry. After 2019, the corresponding growth in the market size of the wall opening was significantly slower as a result of the new construction of the housing stock.
The market size is about 24.9 billion yuan, estimated at a 3-4% annual compound growth rate, and in 2023 the market size is about 255-26 billion yuan. While the housing boom is a constraint on industry growth, stock-storage improvements, the spread of smart household products, or some of the pressure to push down, can be considered.
Figure 49: Size of the wall market and speed of increase Chart 50: New start-up area for real estate in China (billion square metres)
In contrast to the converter business, companies still have more competitors in the fenced areas, despite the fact that they are already in the top position, looking ahead to their future market share, or there is still room for improvement. Major competitors include the national product Delisi, Jeongtai Electric, Opoo Light, and overseas brands Siemens, Schneider, International Electricians, etc.
Because of the higher homogeneity of walled products and the smaller impact of brand recognition on consumer choices, the number of bull walls on the line in 2019 was about 22 per cent, and we measured that the total market share of bulls in 2021 was about 28.9 per cent, which is generally lower than the 60 per cent market share level achieved by converters.
There is also room for growth if the company can continue to expand its market share by its own advantage. Fifthly, there are emerging businesses: using the company’s successful genes to explore new growth curves.
The main light business, the sea business, the search for new growth points. The three emerging directions are characterized by a broad market development space and a certain degree of relevance to the company's traditional business (technology, access) and thus an effective response to the company's size.
We judge that its successful genes are promising in new business, exploring emerging, 5.1, new energy business: the blue sea market is vast and promises to replicate successful experiences.
The company’s march into the new energy business in 2021, consisting mainly of reloading guns/posts, and storage energy, is an important growth point that underpins the company’s future growth. On the one hand, the new energy process is on the move, and there is wide scope for future growth; on the other hand, the company has a strong technological and brand profile in connection with the electricity connection business, and the expansion of new energy operations is a reasonable expansion within the competency circle.
For example, high-end products like the Unpolar are expected to continue to increase profitability. We judge that companies have a high probability of success in the new energy business: 1) The increasing demand for power-filled equipment in the context of the motor wave provides an incremental market, while the current domestic home pedals are still in place.
As with the expansion of the home power-driven converter market, the spread of new energy vehicles will breed another big class. Although the current pattern of product patterns and final sales prices are yet to be seen, the increase is already clear.) Companies have easier access to customers with the “safe power expert” image created in the converter field, and charge the poles.
Not high-tech barrier products, companies can make better use of their brands, channel advantages and re-engineer successes in the area of converters after building product lines.
Since 2019, China’s new energy automobile industry has entered an accelerated phase of growth, with a rapid penetration rate of less than 5% of new energy vehicles, with a compound rate of about 64.5% during the period. With the continued increase in new energy vehicle holdings, the market size of new energy chargers for complementary products has increased simultaneously.
In 2023, China ' s grid-loading market was expanded from RMB 19.51 billion to RMB 121.44 billion, with a compound growth rate of about 58.0 per cent over the period, corresponding to the rate of growth in new energy vehicles, which is more available from sweep codes.
Structurally, as of December 2024, the number of private and public pillars in China stood at 9,239,000 and 3,579,000 respectively, and the spread of new-energy cars in China has led to a much higher number of private pillars than public ones.
Figure 57: The size and speed of China’s cap market, which measures the spread of new energy charged posts in terms of the “carp ratio” (the ratio of new energy vehicles to the number of charged posts), shows a rapid downswing from 3.1 to 2.4 in December 2024, beginning in 2019.
The release of private pillars is the key to driving the increase in the number of chargers, with the ratio of private and public pillars at the end of 2019 being 5.4 and 7.4, respectively, as compared to 3.4 and 8.8 in December 2024, with private pillars falling significantly by 2.0. Consumers, in pursuit of easier use, will mostly choose to purchase private stakes, and some of the new energy car brands will no longer be given to recharge posts.
The brand & product has a strong base of edges, leading by on-line occupancy, and companies are actively building barriers to technology, products, and brands in their new energy operations, just as companies are tactically using converter-type products.
After entering the new energy business in 2021, the company continued to improve the layout of its products based on its own research and development base for electrical connection products.Currently, the company ' s c-market already has multi-products, including exchange/direct charge posts, charge guns, secure discharge plugs, with a charge capacity of 2.8kw, 3.5kw, 7kw, 11kw, 21kw to 120kw, meeting consumer differences.
In the light of the demand for electrical discharges, the new product has also been connected to the smart operation of the company's Bull Wise. The bend market is dominated by a fast-up flow of power poles, and the group-loading product uses a full array of toll circuits, with a maximum of 12 shots supported, increasing efficiency through dynamic power distribution. In the first half of 2024, the maximum current of 600a, the maximum voltage of 1,000v, continued to be rolled out.
In the case of end-c products, the company ' s 21kw chargers are sold at prices similar to the core parameters of charging power, level of protection, and manner of charging.
Given that new energy business products are still inherently electrically connected products, and the company’s deep-farming civil electricians have built a well-established supply chain for nearly three decades, the cost advantage is even greater. Given the already consolidated product power, the company’s advantage in running channels and building brands has been further enhanced:
Channels: Due to better prospects for the development of the c end-loading gun/post market, companies not only migrate to the management experience of the off-line distribution system, but also focus on the opening of the off-line electricity market. As of June 2024, the number of off-line outlets, such as the company ' s 4s store, had reached 22,000.
Brands: In keeping with the position of “safe power expert”, the company continues to launch the “no pole” series of technology leaders in the industry, leading the industry in the fields of intelligence, aesthetic design, further sharpening corporate branding and technology strength, while the company has built a full-link system of sale of goods under the line line line, making the whole-area rectangulation through a number of smart input tools.
With a combination of "good products + full channels + strong marketing," companies are expected to fully enjoy industry development opportunities and expand their market share.
The simple touch control technology charges incredibly undaunted.
Aces Unintended Technology 5.2. Lighting (no main lamp): Unowned lights drive growth, intelligent whole-house ecology. The company started lighting operations in 2014, with an initial focus on basic sources of light and lighting products, facing competition in the market.
However, in 2020, the company began to adjust its strategic thinking to expand the product line from a decorated lamp, to continue the operations of mobile lighting, commercial lighting, and headlamps in 2021, and to create an independent professional lightless brand “lighting” in 2022.
The development of a lightless business is an important corporate strategy that is designed to drive the sale of pre-package smart products, with a mandate to explore emerging growth curves. We believe that a strong company’s ability to operate channels is the cornerstone of its intelligent lighting success ... and that sustained innovation and the bull + luminous branding mix help the company to expand its market share, and future growth is desirable.
Led Lighting: The market was more competitive, and the demand was broken down by the users. The company started to grow rapidly in 2014 after entering the Led Lighting business, and the wire decorating channel built on the company ' s walls successfully rolled out new items. The revenue from the lighting business rose from $400 million to 980 million between 2015 and 2019.
By 2020, the company’s lighting industry began to face bottlenecks as a result of public health events, with revenue levels of about RMB 1.07 billion in 2021, close to 2019.
Figure 64: Corporate lighting revenue and speed increase Figure 65: Corporate lighting Māori rate
The traditional led lighting industry has a high correlation with industry factors, with China ' s lighting industry rising to an all-time high in 2019, followed by a compound growth rate of only 3.4 per cent in 2019-2023 and approximately 60.7 billion yuan as of 2023.
Figure 67: The sub-product structure of the lighting industry in China (%) Competition in the lighting industry is intense and market concentration is low, which also leads to low levels of overall profitability in the industry. For example, the industry’s leader, Oprah, is the first-highest city in the lighting sector, and the city’s share in the lighting sector is second only to Philip’s.
However, the average gross sales margin for 2014-2023 was about 17.6%, although the average Māori rate remained at 37.6%, while the sales fee rate remained at 20.0% for the long term, reflecting the relatively high level of competition in the market. In response to a slowdown in industry and intense competition for traditional lighting products, companies began to expand after 2020.
Lines, which form the three main product lines of basic light sources, lighting, mobile lighting, seek to differentiate in consumer scenes, design style, patent technology, and dig down market demand in order to escape industry constraints.
Product, leading industry in the development of eye-friendly technology. Chart 68: China Lighting Sub-product cr10 (%) Figure 69: Opoo Lighting Profit Level (%)
No headlights: Bulls + Light Double-brand operations that draw home-wide smart eco-nom products as intelligent and technologically more sophisticated products not only effectively achieve product differentiation, but also effectively meet consumer demand for upgrading of very simple decorative styles and intelligent light experience, which companies have selected as the most important emerging product.
The company’s hardware and software ecology has become closed and has been able to drive the sale of products from smart ecosystems, including smart door locks, smart hangers, smart curtains, etc. The company’s chief is in branding and running, so the lighting strategy has also been adjusted to highlight the company’s leadership.
The strong competitiveness of the domain is mutually reinforcing. 1) At brand end: Bull's positioning value ratio, a light-blowing professional market, a smart business lighting team was set up in 2021 to recreate the home with modular product design and fine and luxurious design language.
The light experience, which has led to the introduction of lightless lamps, magnetic straw lamps, linear lamps, etc., provides a variety of lighting programs, basically completing product line layouts, and generating market awareness. In 2022, the company continued to launch the professional lightless brand “blowing,” in which it created a male-blind dual branding of bulls.
Bull brands are dominated by standardized lighting products, and product innovation revolves around the provision of high-value senses and value for money; and light brands are instrumental in providing more intelligent, custom-made synthesizing lighting solutions, leading the industry in the areas of climate technology, health technology, and smart technology, and inviting Roger Naboni, the global light designer, to serve as the chief adviser.
The combination of brands allows companies to fully cover different levels of market demand, and companies are also active in targeted marketing campaigns and brand values at such professional fairs as the Little Red Book, the Guangzhou International Light Fair (Gwang-ja Show), etc. And, since an orphan lamp is a front-loading product, it can also be well-guided by clients.
The early growth of the company's lighting operations depends on the successful expansion of online decorating channels and the company's subsequent expansion of new products.
Despite the changes in the structure of lighting outlets since 2010 as a result of the rise of power suppliers, the underline channel remained the most important segment, with 80.9% and 88.5% of the sales of light and light products in 2023. The company’s long-term layout of decorative channels helped to market the headlights and other products.
In the case of bull master brands, the company first proposed the exclusive sale, integration, and import of the full product category for sale in 2020, with 18,000 terminal sites successfully developed the following year. In 2022, the company further launched the full product flagship shop.
The company began building its own channel in 2023, with its first flagship shop operating in Nakayama, Guangzhou, in March 2023. There are now more than 300 experiential shops across the country, with a significant increase in port operation capacity, and a continuous strengthening of front-end teams.
Proactive marketing, training, recruitment, and regional management capacities, in addition to the formation of new retail teams to enhance online broadcasting, short video, and local life advertising attractions. In addition to the expansion of offline channels, companies are also active in the implementation of the "full package, platform-wide digital marketing" strategy through electric channels.
By continuously optimizing the matrix of the “1+” store, flagship shops like lighting, digital, and new energy sources have been built to develop healthy ecology with distributors. On the platform layout, on the one hand, new platforms, such as the traditional table cat, the Kyoto cat, the smooth growth, the synchronous acceleration of tremors, and the multiplicity of others, have been set up.
The remix shows that strategic adjustments to the company’s lighting operations have been successful, and lighting markets are increasing. Supported by differentiated products, well-positioned dual brand combinations, powerful offline channels, companies’ lighting sources, lighting product markets have become 5.3, offshore operations: Euro-American + emerging markets are moving in tandem, and opportunities are being explored locally.
The company’s vision of development as an “international civil electrician leader” was established at the beginning of its listing, so overseas business has been an important strategic direction for the company, with an early focus on oem. As the current domestic market matures, the importance of overseas business exploration, especially its own brand, has increased.
In this way, companies have adopted different strategies for different regions’ stages of development and differences in demand. Euro-American markets have responded to new energy trends, mainly to household storage, new energy recharge, and South-East Asian markets have taken advantage of home electrification opportunities for electricity.
Connectivity, electric lighting are at the core. The nurturing phase. We believe that based on the company's proven product power and strong channel operating capacity in the domestic market, with the completion of the overseas localization team, the “full product, market, full localization” strategy is in place, the overseas industry is in place.
Figure 76: Māori rate of company offshore operations (%) Figure 75: Revenue from company offshore operations and speed of increase
Euro-American markets: In response to new energy trends, major storage and recharge products. Euro-American markets, given their relatively advanced economic levels and traditional civilian electric companies, have a major entry point for product-based exploration, supported by upgraded electricity-connected products, to open markets under the “goneo” brand.
On the product side, companies accurately identify market demand, quickly develop multi-purpose self-researching of their own energy storage products, gradually integrate upstream supply chains, and strengthen their own cost advantages. In the first half of 2024, companies continued to enrich the supply line, and listed second generation energy products.
In terms of channels, in the context of earlier market developments, companies have conducted pilot recruitment and marketing exercises in representative countries such as Germany and Italy, completed the initial validation of business models, actively developed distributors, installers and customers, built indigenous teams and distributed service systems close to users, and continuously built channel capacity.
Emerging markets: taking home-based electrification opportunities and following the concept of home-based corporate emerging-market operations already cover South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America, where South-East Asia represents emerging markets, where the development environment is similar to that of China in the previous phase, where economic growth potential is high and household appliances coverage needs to be improved, so companies need to increase
South-East Asian markets not only provide a growing population, but also a young demographic that provides a sufficient workforce to create large consumer markets. As of 2023, firms such as the Philippines, Viet Nam, Indonesia, and Malaysia had focused on market expansion.
The population reached 530 million, close to 37.4 per cent of China's total population during the same period, while the average rate of ageing in 2023 was only 7.5 per cent in South-East Asia, well below 14.3 per cent in China.
Similar development paths are being followed, and large numbers of new home deliveries will effectively boost household electricity, thereby generating demand for electric power products like converters and wall-openings. According to data, real estate investment in the Philippines, Viet Nam, Indonesia, and Malaysia has increased steadily in recent years, with investments in 2023.
The amount of money reached $125, 153, 331, and 17.1 billion, representing an average of about 3.3% of annual gdp, and there is still room for further improvement. Benefiting from the development of the real-estate sector, there has also been a marked increase in the average household penetration rate in South-East Asia, which is expected to rise as the consumer capacity of South-East Asia rises.
In keeping with the new cycle of domestic electrification development in countries such as South-East Asia, companies are pursuing localization strategies and actively seizing regional market opportunities. 1) On the product side, as emerging markets are still in the early stages of development, product quality is mixed and unit prices are lower than domestic markets, firms are specifically planning to develop specialized products that match local demand.
In South-East Asia, the Division has taken the lead in upgrading the distribution systems of major countries in South-East Asia through a series of converter products such as “base money”, “plugs”, “engineering power” and so on.2 In 2023, the Division initiated research on emerging markets such as the Middle East and South America, as well as recruitment of distributors, to reach target markets abroad.
By the first half of 2024, the company had continued to refine its overseas team configuration, with permanent sales team support and localization. At present, the South-East Asia market distribution system has been pre-completed, with nearly 20 local distributors in priority countries such as the Philippines, Viet Nam, and Indonesia.
Figure 82: Lower average prices for products in South-East Asia
1. Electricity connection: The electricity connection business consists mainly of the company’s long-term deep-farming converter business, the digital fittings business, and the newly introduced power tools business, with the converter in the majority. As the company’s domestic converter market is ranked first, the industry is maturing, and future growth is expected mainly to result from price increases in product structure and the expansion of emerging countries’ markets.
2) Smart electrician lighting: Smart electrician lighting consists mainly of wall-opening, led lighting, orphan lighting, and other smart household eco-products. The walls are traditional business, the industry is mature, but there is room for some improvement in corporate ownership.
On balance, we expect the smart electrician's lighting revenue to increase by 2024-2026. 3) New energy business: new energy charge guns/stumps and storage energy products are important growth curves for companies, and are the main players in the market for the company's global market.
Cost of sales: The company is exploring overseas markets, promoting orphan lamps, new energy products, so the cost of selling them may be small, and we have chosen Oprah lighting, Foshan lighting, and a breakdown of the same brand, channel barriers in the consumer industry, leading morning shares in the industry as comparable companies, with a comparative average of 18.5 x in 2024.
We believe that companies, as leaders of Chinese civilian electricians, converters, wall owners, have a strong competitive edge, actively explore new energy sources, headlights, foreign markets, etc., and are expected to successfully open the second growth curve with the power of bbs. Given the increased risks associated with competition in the corporate market, competition in the civil electric sector is intense, and a marked increase in competition could affect corporate profits.
New business is not expanding as much as expected. While new businesses such as new energy sources, orphan lamps, and overseas markets are strategically important, there is still considerable uncertainty about the potential for higher prices of raw materials if future developments fall short of expectations. The company’s core raw materials are copper, plastic, etc., if prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly.
This will have a negative impact on the company ' s Māori rate.