Cost control, sustained performance growth, event review of the Ningde era (300,750), mid-term report of 2019, $20,260 million of operating income achieved by 209h1, a year-on-year increase.
The company's sales have increased considerably, and the collection has increased significantly, by 116.5 per cent, despite the fall in the price of the sale of the product.
As a result, the company ' s 2019h1 Māori ratio was 29.8 per cent, down 1.5 pct from the same year, but the net profit rate was maintained and benefited from the economies of scale and cash flow, while the three rates were consistently optimized. q2 sales cost was reduced by 0.10 pct to 3.92 per cent compared to q1; management cost rate was reduced by 0.04 pct to 5.22 per cent; financial costs were reduced
4,678 technicians, however, the R & D cost rate q2 decreased by 1.04 pct to 6.46 per cent compared to q1, increased efficiency of operations of suncan@cczq.com and accelerated turnover of receivables and inventory.
There has also been a slight increase in subsidies. Industry's dependence on subsidies has continued to decline, companies' premium capacity has remained excellent, companies' markets have increased again, and production expansion has continued to follow.
30gwh in the first half of the year, an increase of 94.29 per cent in the same year; companies installed 13.7gwh, municipally restricted, and investments in construction work, including the Jiangsu era/era of Xiangyang, European production, entered the integration phase, but the future market is large, with a greater advantage than that of the same type of enterprise, increasing it by “increment”.
At 28 West Side Street, Beijing, Hengsheng Building, 1000 East Side Gate Road, Fukuda District, Fukuwa, 6th tax-free trader.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.