The leadership is strong and bargaining power is not diminished.
Corporate rating: Increase (maintenance) company reports mid-2019. Operating income of $20.26 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 116.5 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to parent company
Research assistant: Wei Dae-kwan, the reason for the high growth in performance is the industry landscape + higher market share: 19h1 new energy cars continue to be sold at a high rate and domestic power cell loaders continue to grow.
30gwh, 93.6 per cent increase in the same year; company power battery loads Subsidized downside Māori rate with no loss of bargaining power. 19h1 power cell companies are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The system's Māori rate was 28.9 per cent and the corresponding decline of 3.8 pcts was due mainly to the decline in the depreciation of battery production equipment from 5 years to 4 years, the addition of 19 years of the Ninde Age Deep Study - The "Crys" Age, Power Battery
The lead-up - the third quarter of the 18th year of the Ningde era - was over-expected, the bid was $4,994 million a year, and the bargaining power remained strong.
Between 461 and 4,678 people maintain high-intensity R & D inputs.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings. The Ningde era is expected to be 2019e-2021e more than ever. The Ningde era is a power cell leader, with a continuing rise in the share of domestic cities and potentially large space abroad.
In the first half of 2019, under the influence of a new-energy car-powered battery, the volume of shipments increased by 13.8 gwh, with domestic demand expected to reach 100 gwhe in 2020e and a further 46 per cent increase in the share of domestic municipalities;
Lithium battery material The company has pre-positioned the lithium battery recovery business, which is expected to evolve as power cells are upgraded and the future space of the storage energy system is vast and currently accounts for a smaller proportion of the company's business, but as battery prices fall, there are
In 2018, there was a marked increase in the company’s storage capacity, a large future elasticity, open channels of compliance, and the report’s analytical logic is based on my professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.