In the first half of 2019, the company achieved total operating income.
The output of power batteries has increased rapidly, and the city's share has increased further.
The company’s share in the domestic power cell market was 46% in the first half of the year, up by about 4 percentage points in the same year. High-tech lithium data show that in July 2019, the company achieved a rate of 66.45%.
The process of global electricization is accelerating, with companies cooperating deeply with overseas automobile companies. The German company Turingen Battery Production Base will be built in two phases, with the postnatal period of 2022 forming 14 gwh. In overseas markets, the company further works with BMW, Daimler, modern, modern, modern.
The Jaguar Road Rover, the Snow Dragon, the Volvo and other international car brands have deepened their collaboration, and the revenue structure (2019h1) suite will continue to be on the market inland in the coming years.
The company’s products are recognized by overseas vehicles, and both technology and cost are industry leaders, compared to the shares and depths of 300 in the last six months.
The company will take full advantage of the process of global electricization, which has accelerated the marginal improvement of the Maori rate, which continues to optimize the cost rate by a factor of 96.75 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the impact of scale, and will continue to optimize the cost of the company.
In the first half of 2019, the ratio of operating cash flows to total revenues rose by 25 percentage points. q1/q2 operating cash flows amounted to $4,977 million and $299 million, respectively.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company’s accounts receivable amounted to $8,194 million, representing a declining share of total assets, highlighting industry’s leading ability to pay back. For leading firms, the technological build-up is expected to increase their market share; and
Companies actively deploy high-end offshore supply chains, benefiting from the acceleration of the global electric process, and maintain their “deprived growth” ratings over the next six months. New energy vehicle markets demand is not as high as expected, upstream raw material prices are volatile, and companies are over-anticipated.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.