Laboratory-based chemistry, back-end business expansion potential (for the first time)
Conlong was established in 2004 as the second largest medical practitioner in China, the pharmaceutical research and development service platform of 0340513040002 and one of the three leading drug discovery service providers worldwide.
Laboratory chemistry, which cuts across the fields of synthesis and drug chemistry, biology, drug metabolism and pharmacological dynamics, pharmacology, process development, gmp production and formulation development services.
Drug development is expected to continue at a high rate with the advantage of the drug discovery business. In 2015-2018, it was a corporate advantage, based on the chemical diversion effect of the laboratory, and the bioscience share continued to rise, with the expectation that by 2020 the harvest would reach a level of over $1 billion.
At this stage of business expansion and rapid growth in performance have accelerated back-end business expansion. Companies have the capacity to produce cro+cmo services for a process-wide integrated drug research and development, with clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies worldwide, and masters and Ph.D. employees together account for about 40% of the total, with significant talent advantages.
China’s pharmaceutical market is growing rapidly, and companies are on a high-quality track. China’s medicine is influenced by a combination of population ageing, chronic diseases, the increasing number of people on March 13, 2020, and the continuing increase in the total cost of medical care.
According to Frost Sullivan, China’s pharmaceutical market grew at a compound rate of 7.5% between 2016 and 2021, R & D at a compound rate of 22.1%, the cro+cmo at a combined rate of 30.8%, and the Chinese market grew at a much faster rate than the developed world.
By 2021, China’s market for outsourcing medicine research and development was expected to reach $28.31 billion, and the penetration rate was expected to rise to 15.9%, respectively.
The impact of rising research and development success rates, falling sales returns, etc., is becoming increasingly evident. While advanced economies continue to limit or cut health budgets, many emerging-market governments focus on the pharmaceutical sector.
Development of the industry. By working with the co-operation with the co-operation of pharmaceutical companies, up to 40% of R & D costs can be reduced and 10 - 20% of clinical trial time saved. The co-operation is expected to continue with the drop-down speeds in the future to reduce the pressure on drug research and development.
Compared to China’s pharmaceutical industry’s leading industry, Kang Long has become the second largest market with its clients’ resources covering the world’s top pharmaceutical companies. From 2014 to 2018, Kang Long turned into a total business income of 38.50%, with a net return to his mother.
The profit capr reached 100,49%, significantly higher than other co-industry cro companies, and showed a clear increase in performance. The 2019 performance flash report showed revenues and net profits of 3,757 million yuan and 547 million yuan, respectively, together with the new medicines reported in the pharmaceutical cro series.
The increase was 29.20 per cent and 64.30 per cent, respectively, and the rate of increase continued to be the leading industry. (60327) In-depth report: pre-clinical croon rating was broken down to enjoy the high growth dividend of the industry.
Conlon became an in-depth report (300759),1 a global top pharmaceutical outsourcing service provider: from drug discovery to development.
1.1 Company profile: The world’s top three drug discovery service providers, a process-wide integrated pharmaceutical research and development service provider. The company is a leading process-wide integrated pharmaceutical research and development service platform, with total annual returns, the second largest pharmaceutical research and development service platform in China and the third largest drug discovery service provider in the world.
One. The company is a leader in drug discovery, pre-clinical and early clinical development services, and has been working to expand downstream operations, including post-clinical development and commercial production services. The company is expanding the field of pharmaceutical research and development services and has expertise in major research and development disciplines to cover major milestones at various stages of research and development and to assist clients in accelerating progress.
As a leading pharmaceutical discovery service provider, companies have accumulated deep scientific insight into molecules and have gained customer trust from the early stages of their innovative drug research and development. 1.2 Corporate history: from drug discovery to drug development
The company's mission is to “service the highest level of research and development to help partners successfully develop new medicines that contribute to human health. After more than a decade of rapid development, Kang Long has become a fully fledged company.”
Integrated platform for drug research and development across the fields of synthesis and drug chemistry, biology, drug metabolism and drug-degeneration dynamics, pharmacology, drug safety evaluation, radiolabelling metabolism, process development, gmp production and formulation development services, including the exploration and targeting of seed compounds, the optimization of precursor compounds, pre-clinical candidate drug screening, and the clinical opening of new drugs
In China, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Hong Kong, Kang Long has become operational entities with more than 7,000 employees, top-class talent, high-quality R & D services, widely recognized by the industry, and has long-standing and strong partnerships with pharmaceutical companies/agencies in North America, Europe, Japan and China.
From 2004 to 2008, the first phase was based on the drug discovery phase and began to take the lead in the small molecular drug research and development service cro. From 2008 to 2013, the company’s operations covered the entire area of drug discovery and moved gradually towards drug development.
The third phase, which began to grow rapidly from 2013 to the present, expanded its operations to clinical clothing through multiple mergers and acquisitions.
Phase III. At this stage, the company ' s business started to grow rapidly, and with that stage it began to grow.
At this stage, with the expansion of operations, companies are changing the global pharmaceutical research and development environment, service clients are concentrating on drug discovery.
At this stage, the company is primarily based on laboratory chemistry.
All domains: Laboratory chemical and bioscience research has increased further. Companies have accumulated in the field of drug discovery in their own industries.
Services while operations begin to move into drug development, expansion and integration of appropriate targets for M & As, production services, including drug safety evaluation, and
The company began with a laboratory chemical service in the late stages of drug development.
The cmc is part of the business. The cmc business is further developed, the pre-clinical division perfected its own industrial chain in the second phase.
Cooperation with the world's renowned multinational drug companies and the ability of clinical drug metabolic dynamics testing services have increased the viscosity of clients and increased their own clothing.
Relationships, small molecular drug research and development services to be strengthened.
Business expansion to clinical trial services, in the areas of business, analytical techniques (United States) and analytical techniques (United States of America). 1.3 Affiliates: all over China and abroad, with their respective responsibilities
There are 19 holding companies, including nine directly or indirectly fully owned domestic ones, namely, Conlong Changping, Conlong Tianjin, Conronning Bo, Conronxian, Conlon Shaohin, Ning Pocontebo, Conlong Hand, Hong Kong Shanghai and Ning Po Conlong: 10 holding direct or indirect shares.
The foreign affiliates are Conlon (United States of America) holding shares, Conlon (United States of America), Hong Kong International, Hong Kong (Hong Kong) Investments, Conlong (United Kingdom), Conlon (United Kingdom) Chemical Technology, Conlong (United Kingdom) Biotechnology, Conlong (United States) Analysis Technology, Conlong (United States) Clinical Services, and Conlong (Hong Kong) Organisms, all of which are responsible for their functions.
The company’s small molecular drug research and development services are based on laboratory chemistry.
Based on the core of laboratory chemistry, companies have built complete bioscience platforms such as biology, drug metabolic dynamics, and pharmacology to provide integrated drug discovery services to clients, while building extensive customer resources.
1.4.1 Drug research and development is divided into detection and development stages. Drug research and development is the process of creating drugs to meet the need to treat human diseases: laboratory chemistry, biological sciences, drug safety evaluation, chemical and agent process development, and production and clinical treatment.
Multiple disciplines, such as research services, are a long and systematic process, which can be divided into drug discovery and drug development stages at different stages. Under the double pressure of increased R & D costs and patent cliffs, pharmaceutical firms increasingly tend to choose outsourcing services for pharmaceutical R & D production to reduce the cost of product development.
Figure 2: Drug research, development and production and pharmaceutical cro relationships 1.4.2 covers the scope of the company's operations in the detection and development phase of a well-developed pharmaceutical cro+cmo service platform. Proposed by the company for the global pharmaceutical industry, biotech R & D and scientific research institutes
A process-wide, integrated drug research, development and production programme across the two stages of drug discovery, drug development and development, aimed at helping partners to succeed in the discovery, development and commercialization of new drugs. Since its inception, companies have focused on small-molecular drug research and development services, building unique drug research, development, and production of cro+cmo clothing.
1.4.3 Drug discovery and development are expected to continue at a high rate of growth.
Based on drug discovery, there has been a gradual expansion of drug development. According to company collections, drug discovery and research is the company’s main stage of receipt and receipt, and it is expected that the company’s drug development operation will continue at a high rate of growth, as it involves a wider market at a later stage of clinical development and a higher market ceiling.
Figure 4: Collection of company-owned operations (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Māori in company-owned operations (millions of yuan)
The increase in the biosciences business is partly due to the accumulation of laboratory chemical clients. The company’s drug discovery business is divided into laboratory chemistry and biological sciences. Laboratory chemistry is the company’s dominant foundation business, known for its high productivity, innovation and diversity, and strongly supports research and development services for drug chemistry and drug discovery. Biosciences provide in vitro for drug discovery and early drug development.
Research and development services for biology, pharmacology, pharmacodynamics and biological reagents. Integrated bioscience services, integration of laboratory chemistry, chemistry, production and control (cmc) and drug safety evaluation services can successfully provide the complete material required for clinical pre-candidates and their ind declarations.
The total amount of chemical business, which began with the commissioning of bioscience business after the establishment of a bioscience platform for company-wide process integration, has led to much of the increase in bioscience business from the company's laboratory chemical clients, and the accumulation of prior clients is a major reason for the rapid development of bioscience business. This also proves that the company-wide process integration has taken place.
Biosciences are expected to achieve high growth rates. Biosciences have been growing rapidly in laboratory chemistry and biosciences subsectors from 2015 to 2018, but the increase in biosciences has been higher because of rapid growth in the company’s own business and 1.4.5 drug development: cmc business expansion is expected to be a performance growth point.
The company’s drug development is divided into cmc, clinical research services, and drug safety evaluation, with cmc accounting for the largest portion of the industry, with the mid-2019 report showing cmc accounting for 66.49% of the drug development business. In addition to the cdmo/cmo business, the public sector has also provided chemical pharmaceutical development services, which are now covered.
For pharmaceutical companies and R & D companies, cmc services provided by companies can help such customers significantly reduce R & D costs and speed up the R & D process. With the extensive implementation of China’s system of drug-market holders and the emergence of a large number of bioresearch and development companies, cmc operations are extensive.
The company's growing overseas and domestic cmc business profile provides the basis for a sustained growth in the future. For a comprehensive drug research and development production service platform, cmc business is an important component of the company's business, and cmc's production capacity has increased significantly. As the market for innovative drug research and development continues to grow, companies' orders are increasing and domestic orders are increasing.
Operations have also increased with market expansion and changes in the domestic environment for new drug research and development, taking into account time-related factors such as equipment repair, cleaning, and production or laboratory preparation, and maintaining a high level of capacity utilization. The extensive implementation of the national system of drug market holders has enabled companies to extend cmc operations to the cmo area of marketed drugs and their raw materials, subsidiaries.
Ningpo Contebo has applied for and been approved for a Pharmaceutical Production Licence, which will significantly develop cmo operations for commercialized drugs and raw materials both inside and outside the country.
The capacity of cmc operations is mainly limited to the design capacity of the reaction chamber and its maximum use time. The subsidiary Konron Tianjin and its branch office are engaged in the actual operation of cmc. The design capacity of the Conlon Tianjin reactor in 2017 was raised to 12,4263 litres, almost double the same rate; its capacity utilization was increased to 72%, or 22%, because of cmc production.
In 2017, the cmc revenue increased by 71.75% in the same year. 17.02 and 374 million yuan. Companies have a clear competitive advantage in the market for co-sourcing services in the field of laboratory chemistry, which has facilitated the expansion of drug development services from outsourced services in the field of drug discovery to back-end cmc operations.
The development model from the front to the back has adapted to the drug research and development cycle itself. Cmc operations have grown rapidly, rising from $296 million to $646 million between 2015 and 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 29.71 per cent.
Clinical research services provide clients with a full-time service for early clinical trials, including pre-test preparation, the selection of clinical trial research institutes and researchers: assist applicants in preparing for ethics committee deliberations: design and implement with applicants, researchers, etc.
The drug safety evaluation provides pre-clinical safety assessment studies that meet glp standards for clinical applications for new medicines. These two sub-operations currently account for about one third of drug development collections, and are still in the early stages of operation, which will rapidly develop the advantaged business streams that are expected to rely on the drug discovery phase.
1.5 Company competitive advantage: Integrated R & D services + customer advantage + talent advantage + process integrated drug research and development production cro+cmo service capabilities. Companies with full process integrated drug R & D production capacity can provide customers with large-scale compound design and integration for various areas, target sites
This is particularly important for most small-scale biotech research and development and pharmaceutical companies. Because of the comprehensive and high-quality services available to clients, customers do not have to waste their time looking for different R&D service providers, business negotiations, sample transport, and certification of results.
In the inefficient process, the full range of services required for drug research and development production is provided directly by long-term cooperative and reliable R & D service providers, and the R & D process is well-connected, confidential, flexible in communication, and fast in feedback. Not only does it save clients significant R & D costs, but it also greatly accelerates the R & D process.
A unique business development model increases customer stickyness. The company’s business is developed at the beginning of the development of new drugs, the drug discovery phase, which naturally extends to the second stage of drug research and development, the drug development phase, with the expansion of the scale of the business and the needs of clients.
A combination of mechanisms, safety and efficacy, metabolic distribution characteristics, etc., has deepened as the process of drug research and development progresses. The process of enterprise development from drug discovery to drug development adapts to the stage of drug research and development, as compared with the model of development from drug development to drug discovery, by mastering core laboratory chemical technologies and techniques.
Client resources, which are conducive to the consolidation of pre-culture clients, facilitate long-term partnerships with clients. Business revenues will grow rapidly as clients invest more in the later stages of drug development.
Long-term experience in the area of production services has now become one of the leading providers of drug discovery co-services in the global market. Currently, the top 20 multinational pharmaceutical companies worldwide are all customers of companies, most of which have become long-term partners; now more than 600 pharmaceutical companies, biotech and research are covered by corporate operations.
Talent is at the heart of pharmaceutical research and development. Talent is the basis for the development of drug research and development service providers and an important factor in the steady and steady growth of companies.
There are currently nearly 100 professionals and post-doctoral leaders overseas and in the country, distributed across the company ' s line of operations and R & D, and trained more than 700 technologists and project leaders. From 2015 to 2017, there were 5122 technicians in the company ' s workforce, representing 83.00% of the workforce, reflecting the quality of the company ' s workforce.
Excellent. In terms of educational distribution, 393 employees, or 6.37 per cent, have a Ph.D. degree in the company; M.A. staff, 2; and competition patterns: outsourcing services, third in the world, is expected to increase continuously, with 2.1 global markets for medical outsourcing dispersed and companies specializing in a single phase of R & D.
Drug R & D outsourcing is a globally competitive industry, with end users including pharmaceutical companies, biotech R & D companies, and research institutes. Downstream customers are involved in new drug R & D fields, and demand for new drug R & D services varies considerably. Drug R & D can be made available globally.
The number of companies with co-services is large, but most businesses are concentrated at some stage of drug research and development. There are a large number of outsourced drug research and development services worldwide, and markets are fragmented. The top 10 companies globally accounted for about 31 per cent of the market share of global drug research outsourcing in 2015 (excluding drug production surrogates).
Companies specialize in a particular stage of research and development. The world’s leading drug research and development service companies are iqvia (formerly Kuntai), Corvins, Aikang, ppd, inventiv, Charles River lab, etc.: well-known in the country.
There is a large-scale laboratory chemical service capability for Conronization and Pharmacism, with a model for business development extended from drug discovery to drug development, while the Charles River Laboratory and iqvia operations began in drug development services and do not yet have a large-scale laboratory chemical service capacity.
2.2 The company’s global share is third, expected to increase rapidly, and the market share is rising rapidly, and there is still much room for improvement. The company’s core business is drug discovery claro, drug development coro services are in the development stage, with relatively little income, so that overall drug R & D income accounts for a larger share of the world’s income.
With the gradual improvement of drug development operations and the completion of the layout of the cmc operation and the outsourcing of drug production, companies will increase their global market share by virtue of their client advantage at the drug discovery stage. From 2015 to 2017, the global share of company drug research and development services will rise from 0.27 to 0.44 per cent, and as operations move from the discovery phase to the development phase,
The global share of drug discovery research and development services is expected to increase rapidly. In the area of drug discovery research and development services, Conlong became a 1.7% share of the global market for drugs and research and development services in 2016, with a strong competitive advantage.
The market for services is fragmented, but market concentration has increased over the years, with the top five participants globally accounting for 16.4 per cent of the market share in 2016, with Ming Condé and Conlon becoming China ' s two largest drug discovery service providers, accounting for 3.0 per cent and 1.7 per cent, respectively, of the market share of the global drug discovery service.
China’s share of the market for drug discovery has been ranked third in the world, and second in China, from 2014 to 2016. The share of the domestic market is second.
The country’s leading market players are Pharmacinder Kant and Conlong, with market shares of 12.40% and 3.35%, respectively, in 2016. Conlon’s market share in drug research and development in the domestic market has been rising rapidly from 2014 to 2016.
The share of outsourced market service providers became the first and second largest suppliers of pharmaceutical outsourcers in the Chinese market for many years. From 2014 to 2016, the market share rose rapidly from 2.57% to 3.35%; as the company’s business expanded from drug discovery to drug development, the cmc business developed rapidly and the company’s market share grew.
In 2018, the company’s gross operating income rose by 2,908 million yuan to China’s market, based on forward-looking economists, mainly because the company’s growth rate was much faster than the growth rate in the industry. Looking ahead, China’s pharmaceutical policy at the industry level has gradually shifted towards innovation, with prices continuing to be expected to fall, and the cró at the company level has been growing rapidly.
There is still considerable scope for companies to expand their operations from laboratory chemistry to the pharmaceutical development phase, and to gradually cover some of the clinical phase. By 2022, the coro sector is expected to reach a market size of 100 billion yuan. If, for example, the pharmaceutical industry: China’s market is growing rapidly, the coro sector is continuing to grow at a high rate.
3.1 China ' s pharmaceutical market has grown faster than the developed regions, and its future growth is stable. The global pharmaceutical market is expected to reach 2021, driven by the acceleration of the ageing of the population, the increasing number of cases of chronic diseases and malignant swelling, and the emergence of new treatments.
Small molecular chemistry still dominates the drug. Small molecular chemistry, because of its obvious advantages in terms of ease of use, stability of synthetic processes, prices and biopharmaceuticals, continues to account for the vast majority of the market share of the pharmaceutical market. In 2016, the market was $932.8 billion, or 80.85% of the market as a whole.
Figure 15: Stable growth in the global pharmaceutical market, China’s pharmaceutical market has grown faster than developed countries. The data show that China, as the largest emerging pharmaceutical market in the world’s pharmaceutical market, is projected to be $178.2 billion in size by 2021, making it a global pharmaceutical market.
From 2016 to 2021, China’s pharmaceutical market is projected to grow at a compound rate of 7.5%, surpassing developed countries such as the United States, the European Union, and Japan, to provide support for the growth of the industry. China’s pharmaceutical market continues to have the largest market share of chemicals.
The market share is 48.2%. China ' s chemicals increased by 9.3% between 2012 and 2016, well above the global rate of 4% in the same period. China ' s growing market capacity for chemicals provides 3.2cr0 services for drug research and development.
cro is a highly specialized outsourcing service. cro, or clinicalresearch/organization, consists mainly of the design and consultation of clinical trial programmes and case report forms, clinical trial monitoring, data management, statistical analysis, and the preparation of statistical analysis, etc., is a highly demanding outsourcing service.
The coro industry is the product of a professional division of labour. The complexity, long-term nature and high input characteristics of pharmaceutical research and development have led to and accelerated the emergence and development of the coro industry, which originated in the United States in the 1970s.
The early crón, in the form of either public or private research institutions, is small enough to provide limited drug analysis services to pharmaceutical companies. Starting in the 1980s, as the U.S. fda regulations for drug management have improved, the process of drug research and development has accordingly become more complex, with an increasing number of pharmaceutical companies moving part of their work to the coro.
In order to improve the efficiency of research and development on new medicines, pharmaceutical enterprises gradually adapt their drug research and development systems and outsource part of their drug research and development to the Cro enterprise to contain costs, reduce cycles and reduce the risk of research and development.
As a result, the coro industry is the product of social specialization, and the coro enterprise is created and developed because it is able to do some drug research and development at a lower cost and efficiently. After decades of development, the coro industry has a relatively well-developed technical service system that almost covers the entire process of drug research and development, becoming a global pharmaceutical enterprise.
The important way to reduce the cycle of new drug research and development and to achieve rapid listing is an integral part of the chain of pharmaceutical research and development. 3.3 Policies to encourage innovation in the coro industry.
Indeed, the traditional generic drug dividend model is under tremendous survival pressure. In January 2019, the Circular on the National Organization of Pilot Drug Central Procurement and Use Programme introduced 4+7 city-level procurement of selected varieties, the only winning drug firm, and the policy that has been put in place, the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to reduce prices has increased significantly.
The emphasis is on strengthening support for clinically-needed priority drugs, new medicines, innovative medical devices, etc., based on relevant national science and technology plans (special, funds, etc.). The decline in pharmaceutical profit margins, coupled with increased support for innovative medicines, has led pharmaceutical companies to invest more in research and development.
The policy of support has indirectly increased support for the industry. 3.4croft has expanded rapidly, and by 2022, China’s spending on pharmaceutical research and development will have risen rapidly from $14.3 billion to $39.3 billion, an annual average.
China’s pharmaceutical research and development industry is growing faster and has greater potential than developed countries. As part of its pharmaceutical research and development, the industry enjoys high growth, demand for it is weaker, and as the country has put in place policies to encourage the development of innovative medicines, businesses invest in innovative drug research and development.
Increased efforts are being made to increase the number of small-scale start-up biopharmaceutical companies that will rely more on the services of the coro, and the demand and business penetration of the coro will increase rapidly in the future.
According to forward-looking economists, China ' s research and development investment in medicine was $26.2 billion in 2020, including $8.7 billion in market size and an estimated 33.21 per cent penetration of the industry. As part of the research and development in medicine, the growth rate in the industry was comparable to that in the research and development sector.
The combination of drug research and development inputs has grown at an average annual rate of 22.4 per cent, while the industry has a higher profile and is projected to grow at a high annual rate of 27.7 per cent. The Chinese market in 2019 was estimated at $6.8 billion and projected to increase to $14.3 billion by 2022, in high-growth industries, with good industry prospects.
3.5 Multiple factors contribute to the growth of the pharmaceutical industry, and multiple factors contribute to the growth of the pharmaceutical industry. Population ageing, the increasing number of chronically ill people, the continuing increase in the total cost of medical care, the improvement of the health-care security system, and the increased investment of venture capital in the pharmaceutical industry are global and Chinese medicine.
The drug research and development service industry will accompany the growth of the pharmaceutical market and contribute to the development of the pharmaceutical market, constantly meeting the needs of patients, pharmaceutical companies, research and development, and industrial innovation, and contributing to the growth of the industry.
From 1990 to 2018, the population aged 65 years and over experienced a long period of eight years, ranging from 6 to 7 per cent, from 7 to 8 per cent, from 8 per cent to 8 per cent, from 8 per cent to 8 per cent, and from 8 per cent to 8 per cent to 8 per cent to be more vulnerable to chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, cancers and the need for long-term drug treatment.
As a result, a large number of older people will lead to a return to higher than the average for middle-income countries. According to the World Bank, China’s share of older persons aged 65 years and over surpassed that of upper-middle-income countries for the first time in 2004, and has gradually widened the gap with the global average.
By 2018, China had reached 10.92 per cent of the population aged 65 and over, higher than the global average of 8.87 per cent and 10.04 per cent of middle- and upper-income countries, with a trend towards gradual withdrawal. Compared to 17.93 per cent of the population aged 65 and over in high-income countries, China is accelerating its distance from developed countries.
From 2009 to 2018, the share of health-care costs in the gdp rose from 5.08% to 6.57% and health-care costs.
The steady growth in the number of sick people, which stimulates spending on health care and research and development in pharmaceutical companies, and the continuous improvement of the health-care system will also contribute to the steady development of the health sector. Even now, the government has increased the cost of health-care services, but the increase in the total number of cases and the increase in the coverage of the population, as well as the sustained increase in health-care expenditures resulting from social security interventions, are increasing.
Social venture capital has long been viewed as an innovative field of drug research and development, and social venture capital has been added over time. The new drug research and development sector is a huge market for medicines, and expectations for future sustained growth are stable and increasingly attracted to global venture capital.
From 2011 to 2018, the number of financing events in the global field of new medicines rose rapidly from 50 to 174, and the total financing rose rapidly from $430 million to $45.1 billion. As the level of procurement continued, traditional generics became less viable.
The country’s market for innovative medicines is well under way, and social venture capital will continue to look after investment in innovative medicines in the long term, and the number of clinical applications for better medicines and new medicines produced in the country has increased rapidly. The number of clinical applications for new medicines (ind) has remained at around 30 per year for the 10-year period 2003-2012, and 33 by 2012.
The number of applications for new medicines produced in our country began to increase at an accelerated rate, from 131 in 2017 to 46 per cent in 2016 and 224 in 2018, an increase of 71 per cent in 2017. In a short period of three years, the number of applications for new medicines produced in our country increased on average.
3.5.4 The cost of research and development of new medicines continues to rise, the rate of success declines each year The cost of research and development of new medicines is high and will increase at a lower rate. evaluatepharma predicts that total global expenditure on pharmaceutical research and development in 2020 will increase by about 3.1 per cent annually in compound terms.
Target selection for optimization, conversion of biological models, clinical trial design, and therapeutic efficiency and safety tracking is expected to continue to decline globally in the period 2018-2024, with research and development spending declining as a proportion of pharmaceutical income. Against a backdrop of high R&D costs, the cro industry has emerged rapidly, providing an important way to accelerate R&D and reduce costs.
Figure 27: Global pharmaceutical research and development inputs (US$ billion) 2010-2024. Innovations in pharmaceutical research and development are low. Deloitte and Touche statistics show that 1) global top12 pharmaceutical companies invested only 1.8 per cent on r&d in 2019, the lowest value reported in 10 consecutive years, a significant decrease from 10.1 per cent in 2010.
The average number of post-pipe assets per company dropped from 17 to 15 each year. These data show that pharmaceutical companies are under pressure to develop and make more money than ever before.
Figure 31: Reduction in the average number of post-pipeline assets at Top12 pharmaceutical companies, and the role of the co-industry in reducing the cost of drug companies ' R & D. The main purpose of the industry is to address the research and development dilemma of pharmaceutical companies, improve efficiency and reduce costs. As the competition in the pharmaceutical market increases, the time and success rate of drug research and development increases.
The lower, the higher the cost of inputs, the higher the price of patents, and the larger the number of large and small pharmaceutical companies opting to outsource non-core drug research and development operations to specialized cro institutions, thereby achieving research and development objectives that enhance R & D efficiency, reduce the risk of failure and control input. The data from the Industrial Information Network show that pharmaceutical companies, in collaboration with cro, can achieve up to 40% of R & D.
The importance of future trends in medicine is increasing in the emerging markets. Developed economies continue to limit or reduce their health budgets, while at the same time, reducing their health budgets.
Emerging markets – represented by China – are making significant progress in improving health infrastructure, financing capacity, and health insurance coverage. Emerging markets will be an important contributor to the growth of the global pharmaceutical market in the coming years, and will redefine the global pharmaceutical market.
According to Sullivan, China’s share of the global pharmaceutical market will increase steadily from 10.8% in 2016 to the share of patented and innovative drugs. In January, China conducted its second batch of bulk purchases, continuing the process of lowering the price of generic drugs.
The price of counterfeit drugs has been eroded by market-based competition after the expiry of patents, while the health-care system has continued to improve, and the economic level has improved, resulting in a significant increase in patients’ willingness to pay for medicines and their ability to pay. As the volume of purchases has intensified, China’s pharmaceutical market has gradually shifted towards innovative medicines, and their development has been driven by the cro industry.
According to Sullivan, the top 20 largest pharmaceutical companies dominate the global pharmaceutical market, accounting for 54.8% of the global pharmaceutical market in 2016, but will face significant challenges in the future for small and medium-sized innovative pharmaceutical research and development companies. The market share of the top 20 pharmaceutical companies is expected to drop by 2021.
46.3% of innovative small- and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies usually have a strong R & D capability in a field of treatment where they have a high probability of producing heavy-pound drugs and are also a global M & D collaboration and preferred M & D destination. Innovative pharmaceutical companies, because of their small assets and personnel skills, have found a great deal of progress and value in researching drugs.
The continued development of such companies has contributed to the development and integration of the drug research and development outsourcing industry. By 2017, the global distribution of products had begun with the proportion of biopharmaceuticals in drug research and development.
This rise, reaching 37.8% in 2017, is still lower than the proportion of research and development pipelines for abiotic drugs (mainly small molecular drugs). Small molecular drugs continue to dominate in terms of global drug sales. Small molecular drugs account for more than 60% of the research and development pipelines of pharmaceutical companies. Small molecular drugs are better sold at low prices, easy access, easy production, etc.
At a time when countries around the world are scaling up health reforms and controlling health spending, small-molecular drugs will continue to dominate the market for a long time. 3.6 China’s cro industry will maintain high growth rates.
China’s market for pharmaceutical research and development is booming, and the cro market is growing at a much faster rate than the global level. As China’s large pharmaceutical companies, guided by policies and markets, have stimulated enthusiasm for innovative drug research and development, the rise of biotech research and development companies, and the emergence of various vc/pe funds to invest in the biopharmaceutical industry, China is building up a complete new drug research.
State policies also support such a healthy, active and efficient ecosystem. Drug Research and Production Services, an essential part of the innovative drug research and development system, is bound to grow at a high rate in China. 3.6.1 China’s medical research and development investment is increasing at a much faster rate than average.
US$ billion (excluding pharmaceutical inputs), combined annual growth rate of 2.4% from 2012 to 2016, is expected to rise to US$ 160 billion by 2021, and China’s pharmaceutical investment is expected to continue at a high rate. China’s pharmaceutical research and development industry has started at a late stage, with low initial technological capacity.
In 2016, Chinese pharmaceutical research and development invested $10.7 billion, or 7.4% of the total global drug research and development investment for the same period, as Chinese pharmaceutical companies increased their research and development capacity and government regulation of generic pharmaceuticals, such as the development of generic evaluation and clinical trial data.
In China, research and development investment in medicine will continue to increase. By 2021, it is expected that the share of total research and development investment in medicine in China will increase to 18.3 per cent. 3.6.2 China’s market for outsourcing services in drug research and development will continue to grow at a high rate.
The global market for drug research, development and production services has continued to grow in size. Under the double pressure of increased research and development costs and patent cliffs, and due to limitations on their own research and development talent, pharmaceutical companies are more likely to opt for outsourcing services for pharmaceutical research and development, reducing the cost of product development and increasing the efficiency of corporate research and development.
The global drug discovery is expected to continue at a high rate of growth, and the market for outsourced services from China is expected to grow at a higher rate than the global level. The market for outsourced services for drug research and development in China has also been growing at a higher rate than the global level in recent years.
Global drug discovery is about 8% per year. Drug discovery is a multidisciplinary, systematic effort and process.
Global drug discovery research and development invested $36.1 billion in 2016, of which drug discovery market size reached $9.4 billion, market penetration (R & D product as a share of total R & D inputs) reached 26.2 per cent and is expected to increase to $13.9 billion by 2021.
Drug discovery has a market penetration rate of 33.9%. China’s drug discovery market has increased by more than 30%. Currently, because of China’s limited number of companies that are able to provide full-flow integrated drug discovery and development coro services, pharmaceutical companies are less aware of outsourcing research and development, leading to China’s drug discovery research and development coro services.
The market is small. In the future, as new drug innovation in China increases, drugs find that the market for R & D services is becoming more perfect, and their penetration and size will increase. In 2016, China discovered that R & D was worth $110 million, representing only 12.8% of the total market for R & D (drug discovery co-services).
Subtracting the global average penetration rate of 26.2%. By 2021, China is expected to increase the size of the market for research and development (R & D) services to $410 million, with a 30.2% annual compound growth rate between 2016 and 2021, exceeding the increase in drug discovery inputs and the increase in global drug discovery (R & D) services during the same period, and China ' s drug discovery
The market penetration rate of the coro service will also rise to 15.9 per cent. 3.6.4 drug development coro: China is growing at three times the global rate of global drug development at a rate of about 9.6 per cent. The market for drug development services includes pre-clinical drug development and the opening of clinical drugs.
The global market for drug development services reached $64.9 billion in 2016, with a combined annual growth rate of 11.4 per cent from 2012 to 2016, and pharmaceutical companies are increasingly tending to outsource drug development to accelerate the development of new drugs in a context of high global research and development costs and high competition for generic medicines.
The annual compound growth rate of 9.6% is shown in figure 37: The size of the market for outsourced services for global drug development production (US$ billion) is about three times higher in China. Compared with the global market for drug development services, China currently has a market for drug development services.
The market size of China ' s drug development services was $7.3 billion in 2016, projected to grow to $27.8 billion by 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 30.8 per cent over the next five years, three times the rate of growth in the global drug development services market.
4. With China’s cro high-quality track, performance is expected to sustain high growth. 4.1 China’s cro market is growing fast, with companies enjoying the dividends of the cro industry, and China’s ageing population is contributing to high growth in the pharmaceutical sector. In the long run, China’s population is ageing and chronic ill.
In the short term, the social security fund’s pressure is increasing year by year, the traditional drug-like profit space has been significantly reduced since the volume of purchases, the demand for consistent evaluation has increased, and the policy has been innovative.
From 2016 to 2021, China’s pharmaceutical market is projected to grow at a compound rate of 7.5%, surpassing developed countries such as the United States, the European Union, and Japan, to provide support for the growth of the industry.
Added to this is a solid basis for developing markets for the production of outsourced services. From 2016 to 2021, the global drug discovery market is projected to grow by only 8.0% annually, while the Chinese market is expected to maintain a high growth rate of 30.2%.
The company’s strong position is clear, and it is expected to maintain high growth rates in collaboration with the industry. Conlong became established in 2004, starting with the drug discovery phase, which has now been extended to the drug development phase and initially involved in the drug development phase.
The company biosciences and cmc are rapidly developing, and it is expected that companies with the capacity to provide drug discovery and drug development services from 2015 to 2020 will be able to provide large-scale compound design and synthesis services for clients in a variety of areas and target sites.
Not only does it save clients significant R & D costs, but it also greatly accelerates the R & D process, extending the advantages of drug discovery operations to the drug development phase. Currently, the top 20 multinational pharmaceutical companies worldwide are all corporate customers, most of them becoming long-term partners in companies that benefit from their long-term development.
The Chinese market is ranked second: it is expected to reach 7 billion yuan by 2022, thanks to rapid growth in its performance. China’s pharmaceutical market is the fastest growing region in the world.
4.2 The firm ' s performance has grown rapidly The company ' s revenue and profits have grown rapidly. The company ' s performance has grown rapidly in recent years, benefiting from the rapid growth in the size of the industry and the gradual expansion of its operations. From 2014 to 2018, the gross revenue of the company ' s operations has increased rapidly from $790 million.
Nearly 700 million yuan a year. The company is rapidly expanding its drug development phase with the advantage of front-end diversions, and is expected to sustain high performance growth in the future, thanks to the high growth in research and development inputs from the Chinese industry.
Figure 40: Rapid growth in net profits of companies Māori rates and net interest rates have risen steadily, and the cost level of three fees has declined. Conlong has become a large-scale service capacity that can meet the needs of multiple clients, a large number of experiments, and multiple studies over time, thus generating costs.
From 2014 to 2018, the company ' s Māori rate rose steadily from 25.09% to 32.48%, while the net interest rate rose rapidly from 2.66% to 11.66%. With the expansion of business, costs were well controlled, and Māori 4.3 performed faster than the rest of the company.
Compared to China’s pharmaceutical industry’s leading industry, Kang Long has become a city with a second-largest share of pharmaceutical products, with clients’ resources covering the world’s top pharmaceutical enterprises. From 2014 to 2018, Kang Long converted into a gross operating income of 38.50%, and a mother’s net profit of 100.49%.
And 64.30% continue to lead the industry. Compared to Ming Conde, a leading company with the same capacity as a large laboratory chemical service, Conlong has become more rapidly than Ming Conde due to a relatively small volume.
In contrast to Kale Ying, where technological R & D and production operations are taking place, Conlon has become equally strong in the growth rate of other competitors. As the company’s business expands gradually to the drug development phase, the capacity expands, and with the rapid growth of China’s cro industry, the company is expected to maintain its high performance in the future.
The company is the third largest market in the global drug discovery industry and is highly competitive in the industry. The company’s drug discovery phase is gradually diverting its operations from the drug development phase, with rapid growth in biology and cmc plates based on the advantages of laboratory chemistry.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a diligent, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.