The number of idcs continues to rise, and profitability continues to increase.
Wei Hongmei, with current operating income of 2,699 million yuan, an increase of 11.86 per cent over the previous year; net return to the mother of 406 million yuan, a rise in the Idc ranking rate that has continued to rise and improve performance. In the second quarter of 2019, the company achieved 13.54 per cent of operating income.
In the second quarter, the Department achieved a net profit of $190 million, an increase of 50.14 per cent, which contributed to the improvement in the quality of the company's income. In terms of operations, revenues from software development and engineering services amounted to $1,744 million.
(b) The increase in performance benefited from two factors: (1) a series of information-based engineering projects, such as “new capital”, which pushed the demand for data centres and continued to climb. (2) The company's main market, the steel industry, was a merger.
In the first half of 2019, corporate sales rose by 351 percentage points in the same year, with huge market space and prospects for companies. National efforts to promote “Internet+”, digital economy, etc.
In the medium-to-long term, the business-to-data division is driven by the continued development of new areas such as mobile Internet, big data, and networking.
With this in mind, it is expected that our market for idc will maintain a high rate of growth and that it will reach 150 billion yuan in 2020. The company, as the country’s leading idc industry, has the power to develop idc autonomously and has a voice in the industry.
The fourth phase is expected to deliver nearly 9,000 cabinets over time, and in the future, under policy and demand stimulus, companies recommend maintaining the recommended rating. Because of the rapid growth of the cloud computing industry, the company's reliance on the steel chain, the ongoing consolidation of the steel industry, the increased demand for intelligent production and the increased demand for idc in the industry.
In addition, companies are expected to maintain their recommended ratings because they are more competitive in the future. The company is expected to have a depth 300 index for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.