Thanks to the continued advancement of the integration of the BMW, deep-farming smart manufacturing services, chuancais-Basin software (600845), semi-annual reviews in 2019.
On August 20, Bo-Sin software released its semi-annual report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company earned 2,699 million yuan, an increase of 11.86 per cent over the previous period, of which 1.74 billion yuan was earned from software development and engineering services, and $406 million in net profits from shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 37.28 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the company realized net gains.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies are 406 million yuan, with net operating cash flowing into 494 million yuan. The net operating cash inflows of companies are greater than the net profits of mothers, operating more efficiently, and the performance of companies has risen to record levels during the same period.
In-depth implementation of the Internet+Advanced Manufacturing, accelerated construction of an industrial Internet platform to promote innovation in the integration of new generations of information technology with the real economy.
During the reporting period, the company acquired 100% of the shares of the martial arts and technology group held by the steel and steel group at $29,19.28 million.
Transactions constitute related transactions. This deal effectively addresses the issue of trade competition between the Bosin software and the martial arts, by integrating the business, personnel, etc., with the Bosin software and the martial arts, reducing the cost of the Bosin software related operations in Wuhandi, increasing the regional market share of the Bosun software, and improving the customer experience.
The company, backed by China's powerful Bo Wu Steel Group, entered the Iron and Steel Industry Internet platform, idc West Side, 28 West Avenue, Beijing, into the business return period, and we're looking at the company's leading position in the industrial software industry.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management Scheme for Products or Services, the company and its author are not responsible for any consequences arising from the use or use of this report and other relevant research by the company.