Corporate Review — high growth in the idc industry and the prominence of the steel-intelligent flagship software (600845.sh)
In its semi-annual report for 2019, Jinwoo announced that it had earned 2,699 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.86 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was 406 million yuan, an increase of 37.28 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-repatriation was 385 million.
1) Performance growth is in line with expectations, with significant improvements in net operating cash flows
Net profits amounted to $406 million, an increase of 37.28 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rising share of income in the idc business, which had a high Māori rate; net profits excluding non-repatriated mothers were $385 million, an increase of 46.57 per cent over the same period, which was slightly higher than expected. During the reporting period, net cash flows from corporate operations went into $494 million, an increase of 49.10 per cent over the same period.
The main reason for this is the growth in sales size and operating profits. (2) The upswing rate of the idc business continues to rise, benefiting from the bright growth prospects of cloud computing.
At the beginning of the year, 20% of the stock held together with the Wu Gang Group, the Treasure Estate, and the Aoyama State Treasury built large data estates, which are to build 18,000 cabinets in three stages by the end of 2023. In addition, the company Shanghai Treasure Cloud I was fully operational by the end of the third phase, and the latest data show that the cumulative investment in the construction of the Four Phases of Bo is the budget ratio.
In our view, as cloud computing sustains a high rate of growth, the space for infrastructure needs will continue to be released, and the future growth of corporate idc operations will be guaranteed. 3) The acquisition of the Soldier Info-Consolidation subsidiary will highlight the leading position of steel-intelligence integration.
During the reporting period, companies acquired various resources, such as the martial arts and steel industry, combined technology and talent, directly raised the company’s position in the steel information market, and strengthened the company’s position as a leader in the iron and steel information.
We believe that this consolidation of resources will improve the competitiveness of companies in non-Shanghai areas, and that there will be some synergy in the development of idc, which will contribute to a sustainable improvement in corporate performance as a whole. Industry space will release less than expected risks; and business replication will not be as high as expected.