I'm reporting a six-month review.
On August 20, 20, 20, 2019, the company released its semi-annual report for the first half of the year, which generated 2,699 million yuan in operating income.
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $406 million, with higher profits and better operating cash flow performance. During the first half of 2019, companies achieved operating income of $2,699 million, an increase of 11.86 per cent.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $406 million, or 37.28 per cent of the year, and the performance was again high during the same period. Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $494 million, an increase of 49.10 per cent over the same period. Market data: 19 August 2019
As the supply side reform deepens, the iron and steel sector becomes intelligible, and the demand for automation increases, the company’s subsequent performance increases over time.
The revenue structure is clearly optimized, the idc outsourcing of services is growing rapidly and the share of revenue is increasing.
Market value of circulationa shares (millions): 889 million yuan in revenue and 59 million yuan in income from system integration, respectively.
Cost controls have improved and the Māori rate has increased. Corporate sales costs as a share of operating income in the first half of the year were 2.84 per cent, a decrease of 0.20 percentage points from the same period last year (3.04 per cent); administrative costs as a share
Corporate cost rates continue to be optimized. Māori sales were 32.42 per cent in the first half of the year, net interest rates were 15.74 per cent, up 3.51 and 2.67 percentage points, respectively, compared to the same period last year.
\triangleright advantage of industrial Internet platforms resulting in intelligent factories, smart operations, systems eco-structures, active promotion of smart factory platforms iiplat, eco-technology platforms eplat and big data platforms design and launch
It completed the deployment of the industrial pass platform and accelerated the landing and deployment of the demonstration project.
As supply side reforms deepen, the information and automation needs of the energy sector, such as steel and steel, are increasing.
\triangleright plus, superimposed corporate Idc service outsourcing has continued to climb, and we expect the company to be on top.