Performance meets expectations, cloud-based construction needs drive sustained growth of the idc operation and performance is expected, with significant improvements in net operating cash flows. Companies issued semi-annual reports in 2019: 2,699 million yuan in revenue, an increase of 11.86 per cent over the previous year.
The profit of $406 million, an increase of 37.28 per cent over the same period, is in line with market expectations. In terms of business splitting, software development and engineering services received $1,744 million, an increase of 8.73 per cent over the same period, mainly benefiting from iron and steel information, the recovery of demand in the industry, and services outsourcing, $889 million, an increase of 31.12 per cent over the same period.
The growth in net cash flows from operating activities was 49.10 per cent higher than the previous year, mainly as a result of the increase in the size of the company ' s sales and operating profits.
• Māori sales increased by 3.51 ptt on a year-on-year basis, and Māori software development and system integration increased significantly. In the first half of 2019, companies increased Māori sales by 32.42%, or 3.51 pt on a year-on-year basis.
The combined Māori rate increased by 5.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the Māori rate for outsourced services, dominated by Idc, driven by the same demand for cloud computing construction, and the Idc business continued to grow, as the traditional It architecture evolved towards cloud computing, cloud computing promoted infrastructure such as Idc.
The company benefits from a boom in demand for construction. At present, the idc business project, the Treasure Cloud, the idcro Regional Security System project and the 4th phase of the Xinyun idc project are under construction. The company also established a large number of weapons and steel in early 2019, in partnership with the Wu Steel Group, the Treasure Lands and the SWF.
According to the industrial park, the largest single data centre in China’s region was created to facilitate the movement of the company’s idc industry from Shanghai to the whole country. We believe that it would benefit from the increased demand for cloud computing construction, the company’s idc business’s acquisition of martial arts and steel technology to expand the benefits, and to strengthen the niche of the steel and information industry.
In June 2019, the company acquired martial arts and steel technology, bringing technology and high-quality human talent to cope with the continuous expansion of steel and iron.
Increased demand for exchange rate; resource integration and optimized deployment not only reduced costs but also improved information: Half-year net profit returns to mothers increased by 44.50 per cent over the year, business delivery capacity increased returns, and the steel information industry gained a strong edge.
idc+Intelligent manufacturing double-wheel drive 2018-08-16 Traditionalit architecture upgrades to cloud computing, demand for idc construction increases, and we're glad that corporate business continues to be "Intelligent manufacturing and idc double-wheel drive, corporate business."