The semi-annual performance, the continuing high demand downstream, the semi-annual report of 2019, with 2,699 million dollars in revenue from 209h1 companies.
Net profit of $385 million, an increase of 46.57 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of $494 million, an increase of 49.10 per cent in the same year.
2019h1 achieved net return profit of 406 million yuan, an increase of 37.28 per cent in the same year: 1.7444 billion yuan in software development and engineering, an increase of 8.73 per cent in the same year, an increase of 4.01 pct to 26.10 per cent in the Māori rate, a continued high profile of downstream iron and steel information, and an increase of 219h1 due to smartness
(b) Outsourcing of services increased by $889 million, an increase of 31.12 per cent over the same period, a decrease of between 1.96 pct and 45.52 per cent in the Māori rate, and a rapid increase in the number of machine cabinets installed in the Treasure Cloud.
The system integration achieved a revenue of 59 million yuan, an increase of -50.42 per cent over the same period, and an increase in the Māori rate of 5.19 pct to a company review of the National Dollar Securities Corporation ' s Research-Possi Software (600845), which increased the share of business and iron and steel information operations; and a fall in the cost rate of 1.19 pct to 14.36 per cent over the period.
(a) Low-cost acquisition of martial arts and steel technology, continuous progress in the integration of iron and steel information, continued expansion of product research and development, and steady progress on the industrial Internet.
In the first half of 2019, companies continued to promote the smart factory platform, iplat, ecotechnology platform, and large numbers of reports: performance growth was expected, smart-made idc went hand in hand; industrial Paas platform deployment was completed and industrial app development and testing was carried out
Working on three layers of smart factory, smart operation, and eco-collaborative architecture, with 5g commercial acceleration, the future industrial Internet is expected to accelerate its landing, further boosting the image of the iron and steel information industry.
42, 32 and 28 times, respectively. Given corporate iron and steel informationization and strong competition in the idc industry, 5g applications are not growing as expected, steel information is not integrated as expected, the BMW Internet is moving ahead as expected, and the subsequent idc projects are not on track as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.