Idc's business performance is bright and the company's performance is growing at a high rate — semi-annually in 2019, net profit of $406 million, an increase of 37.28 per cent in the same year; net profit of $385 million, a rise in the same year, is realized.
\triangleright, based on a breakdown of operating income, realized 1.74 billion yuan in software development and engineering services during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 8.73 per cent over the same period; services outsourcing (including idc) generated revenue of 889 million yuan, an increase of 31.12 per cent over the same period; and corporate cost control, sales costs, administrative costs and R&D costs together accounted for 15.24 per cent of operating income, the lowest level in three years.
\triangleright works to expand the regional layout of idc operations, working with the Wu Gang Group, Treasure Land Assets, the Qingshan Nation in early 2019
Together, $2 billion was invested in the construction of a large Chinese steel data park, with 20% of the company’s share in the stock. The industrial park plans to build 18,000 20a cabinets in three phases, the first of which is expected to build 2,000 standard cabinets at the end of 2019, which will become the largest single data and cloud computing centre in China.
The construction of the Treasure Cloud four projects continued, with the company in progress at the end of the reporting period at $849 million, an increase of 31.79 per cent over the same period. During the first half of 2019, the outsourcing of company services (including idc) generated revenue of $889 million, with a 31 per cent increase in revenue, which has become the main driver of growth at the corporate end.
Accelerating technological accumulation and steady growth of iron and steel informatization and intelligent manufacturing \triangleright, following the tide of technology development, combining industry applications and enriching business content, forming R & D and application constraints
In the area of iron and steel informatization, companies promote the design and development of iiplat, eco-technology platforms and big data platforms; complete the deployment of the industrial paas platform and carry out industrial app development and testing, Research Assistant: Rhodesian
In the field of smart manufacturing, the company focused on a forward-looking 5g technology study and made a breakthrough that supported the release of 120 tons of unmanned framework vehicles, remote real-time robotic control, and s010,19010016.
5g applications from the first steel industry in the world, such as remote Quality Check, remote steel processing, leading to technological advances in the industry. Maintain recommended ratings. Corporate iron and steel information and smart manufacturing operations develop robustly, and future idc capacity holds 1. Bounty Software (60845) 2018 annual reporting point
Re-release is expected to lead to high-speed income-side growth, while good cost control is also conducive to full profit release. Rating: "Intelligent manufacturing +idc" double-wheel drive, performance 41x/31x/24x. Selecting friends' networks, new photoring networks, data ports as comparable companies in cloud computing.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Human Security and the University of Foreign Economics and Trade in Shanghai, where he served as Master of Financial Sciences.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.