The increase in the supply of natural materials (002.009) is mainly due to the company ' s traditional day-to-day business, which in the first half of the year was active in opening new businesses, increasing the scale of sales and generating revenues of $303,726,04.58 for solar materials and special chemicals.
In addition, there was a small increase of 13.67 per cent in revenues from the company ' s lithium ion cell materials business, which generated $597 million. The company ' s combined Māori rate for the first half of the year was 36.13 per cent, which was due to a sharp increase in the price of cruise raw materials compared to the same period last year.
2.64%, mainly as a result of the decline in the price of electrolyte fluids. In the face of a significant decline in the Māori rate, the company □ lithium hexafluoride (HFC) is expected to rebound, and the price of lithium hexafluorophosphate fell from 400,000 to 150,000 tons in the first half of 2017.
The price of the dehydrate dropped from $70,000 per ton to $55,000 per ton, and the current price of lithium hexafluoride raw materials is in the way of an increase, and we believe that the price of lithium hexafluoride is down and is expected to rebound. In terms of downstream demand, our new energy cars have been released since June, with electricity for the second half of the year.
The demand for liquids will increase considerably, and the high demand downstream is expected to drive the increase in electrolyte. Today, the company has 2,000 tons of solids and 6,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate (4000 tons of solids) and will have 2,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride project in production by the end of the year, accompanied by the company's electrolyte.
With the full release of capacity, the company, with its own cost advantage of producing lithium hexafluoride, will continue to consolidate the industry’s leading advantage in the competition in the market. Plural development and integration of the lithium electric materials industry
The company developed a circular economic advantage around a large number of lithium-electric materials, and on the one hand it continued to build powerful business electrolytes, actively layout 2,300 tons of new lithium salt production and, on the other hand, acquired positive materials through external extension and acquisition. Sixteen years of company participation in the lithium-carbonate supplier, Jiang Su-ong, received 10,000 tons.
Lithium carbonate and 7,000 tons of lithium hydroxide produce the cost advantage of upstream resources. At the same time, the company's subsidiary, Jiangxied, and the city government of Taizhou, collaborated in the construction of 25,000 tons of lithium-based orthopaedic materials, the relocation of 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate, and the planned construction of 30,000 tons/year of battery-grade lithium phosphate.
The drive-through project digests the by-products of lithium hexafluoride to achieve a recycling economy. The company has now formed a revolving economic chain of lithium carbonate-electric fluid-positive materials, with an increasing advantage of integration without rating because of the lack of access to the necessary information, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.