The Tianchi material meets expectations. The second half of the year, August 22, 2017.
Lithium phosphate is oversupplyed, prices rewinded substantially, resulting in lower electrolyte prices and lower corporate profits; and, secondly, corporate day-to-day operations, with a sharp decline in Maori rates and lower profitability due to soaring raw material prices. We judge the amount of new energy cars released in the second half of the year, and the amount of electrolyte delivered by the company.
The high growth in the performance of the gifted materials, the doubling of production capacity and the expansion of new operations are expected.
In the first half of the year, $304 million (or 32.48 per cent of the company ' s revenues) was collected for dailyized materials, an increase of 31.81 per cent, a decrease of 11.6 to 24.4 per cent in the Maori rate, mainly influenced by large price increases in upstream raw materials, while the cost of solarized products was more difficult to transfer downstream, and the business is expected to continue in the short term.
Pressure. Lithium electric material operations received $567 million (63.82 per cent of corporate revenues), an increase of 13.67 per cent over the same year. In the case of the recovery in electrolyte prices, the Māori rate remained high at 43.53 per cent, down from 23.35 per cent to 23.35 per cent, mainly due to increased competition, but because of its small size, the performance of the company was positive.
88 million yuan, mainly due to increased investment in research and development and the inclusion of Jiangxi Eide in the consolidated statements, with a cost rate of 9.45 per cent, a decrease of 0.07 percentage points; and a financial cost of 0.07 billion yuan, an increase of 691.68 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased interest expenditure due to increased bank borrowing and discounting of receivables, with a cost rate of 0.72 per cent.
In the first half of the year, corporate liquidity declined slightly. At the end of the reporting period, the company’s inventory of 258 million was 37.97 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year.
The net cash flow of the company’s operations is –0.09 billion yuan, a decrease of 74 million dollars in the same year, which is more than one times higher in the second half of the year because of falling profits, steady prices of electrolyte fluids, and a monthly increase in sales.
With 149 per cent growth, the supermarket expected to stabilize in July, and with the start-up of a large-scale downstream bus and an accelerated recovery of the logistics vehicle, commercial vehicles are expected to move even further, while the vehicle fleet is maintained at a good rate, with a significant increase in the sales ring in August and a low base in the third quarter of last year.
Power cell electrolyte demand will increase significantly over the same ring ratio. The company’s average monthly delivery of electrolyte in the first half of the year rose to 2,000 tons in June, and is expected to sell more than 20,000 tons in the second half of the year.
The company and its controlling subsidiary, Jiang Sied, are planning to produce 25,000 tons of phosphate and 25,000 tons of positive materials in Taizhou, and the team has been built to start building capacity, which is expected to be released in 2018.
The production capacity of 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate is estimated to be 2,000 tons this year, the main supplier of Chan Jiangmoto. The company’s capacity for positive materials is large, the technology is well built, and Taiwan has new energy-related vehicles such as Jili and Chanjiang lithium power, which can generate good industrial concentration.
In addition, the company’s 300-ton test line in the new lithium salt is being tested and planned for its own use, which will significantly improve battery performance. The Division’s electrolytic fluids are not as high as expected, and the price of lithium hexafluorates and lithium hexafluoride is falling far short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board