The electrolyte is expected to rise at a steady price, and it is recommended that attention be paid to the leader, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center Q., a leader in the electrolyte industry, which has been actively expanding up and down the industrial chain in recent years, with constant scalding.
In the first half of 2017, as a result of the decline in subsidies for new energy sources, there has been a similar decline in sales of new energy vehicles.
New energy cars are expected to return to a high growth trend, with sales expected to increase by nearly 40 per cent in the second half of the year, and sales projected to reach 75 per cent in the second half of the year.
The rapid release of new energy vehicles will significantly boost the demand for the electrolyte, leading to a pre- and post-deep demand for the electrolyte throughout the year, while a significant increase in demand will help the price of the electrolyte to recover steadily. The Department has 2,000 tons of solid and 6,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride (combined with 4,000 tons of solid) and has also been able to produce a total of 6000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride.
In addition, the company has the resources of large domestic battery customers and is actively developing foreign battery giants. We expect a significant increase in corporate electrolysis in the second half of the year.
In addition to achieving the complete layout of the chain of electrolyte industries, companies are actively promoting positive materials, new lithium salts, etc., to become large lithium power platforms.
The company plans to build 10,000 tons of lithium phosphate and 10,000 tons of iron phosphate and will build 25,000 tons of positive materials and 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate relocation projects in Taizhou. In addition, the company will raise another 20,000 tons of new lithium salt lifsi to improve production capacity, hopefully breaking the Japanese-Korean monopoly and providing the company with the necessary supplies.
New profits are growing. With 5,000 tons of tripod material coming into production by the end of this year, and the release of 20,000 tons of new lithium salt, which will be produced in 2018, and other productive capacities, the company will gradually grow into a lithium platform company, and the growth is expected.
The personal care business is growing rapidly. The company is constantly developing new products for personal care products, developing products such as sunscreens to optimize the product structure: at the same time, there is a positive extension of downstream applications. Some of the products are beginning to be used in construction, 3d printing, etc. The business is expected to maintain an increase of more than 30%.
Assumption 1: The strong sales of new energy vehicles in the third quarter of this year led to an increase in the sales of lithium cell electrolyte, which, despite the decline in electrolyte prices, is expected to increase by 50 per cent in 2017;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.