The electrolyte h2 is expected to be released, and the lithium power supply platform is gradually being shaped. Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre incident: the company published its semi-annual 2017 report, which generated a gross operating income of 940 million yuan, a year-on-year increase during the reporting period
16.8 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, 180 million yuan, a fall of 8.2 per cent in the same year, while company revenues grew steadily and raw materials rose to lower the Māori rate. During the reporting period, the company’s solar materials and special chemicals business grew by 31.8 per cent as a result of the opening of new customers in the new industry, but because of upstream raw materials.
The rapid increase in the purchase price, with a decline of 11.6 to 24.4 per cent in the Māori rate of the business, was influenced by the lower than expected and increased competition for new energy vehicles in the first half of the year, and the downside of the price, but the company has a synergizing effect on the integration of the industrial chain. It is based on the value advantage of the self-produced lithium hexafluorate and the high degree of electrolyte production capacity.
In January-July 2017, the cumulative sales of new energy vehicles reached 251,000 vehicles, a 21.5 per cent increase compared to July, of which 56,000 were sold in July.
In the second half of the year, new energy vehicles are expected to continue their rapid release, which will boost the demand for the electrolyte significantly, while a significant increase in demand will help the electrolyte price to rise steadily. The company has gradually been built into upstream raw materials (Lithium Carbonate (Kijiang Sun).
Lithium conglomerates, iron phosphate pre-drives) - positive materials (hydrium phosphate, tri-materials) - electrolyte (dithium hexafluoride, new lithium salt, electrolyte) and other lithium electric material platform types.
6000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride, 300 tons of lifsi, 10,000 tons of iron phosphate, while the company is building capacity, including 2,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate crystal, 25,000 tons of solid material, 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate relocation project, 30,000 tons of iron phosphate. At the same time, the company has been actively expanding its downstream domestic and foreign customers, expanding the Pearl Sea.
We expect that corporate electricity and dehydration sales will increase significantly in the second half of the year, and that the prices of the cumulative products will be stable, and the company's electrolytic products will be at a turning point in the coming year. With the gradual release of positive materials, electrolytic fluids, the company's future growth value will be high.
There is a rapid growth in personal care businesses. Companies are constantly developing new products for personal care products, developing sunscreens, etc. to optimize product structures, while actively extending downstream applications, some of which are beginning to be used in construction, 3d printing, etc. The growth of personal care businesses is expected to continue at a rapid rate.
Assumption 1: The strong sales of new energy vehicles in the third quarter of this year led to an increase in the sales of lithium cell electrolyte, which, despite the decline in electrolyte prices, is expected to increase by 50 per cent in 2017;
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.