The company's performance is expected, and the new energy car heater will drive the upstream events: the release of the 2017 semi-annual report.
On 21 August, the company published its semi-annual report for 2017, and in the first half of the year, it achieved a steady increase in its business income of 9.35 thiobazium battery materials and continued to expand the capacity of lithium hexafluoride. The company mainly produced the electrolytic fluids and positive materials needed for lithium batteries, whose capacity continued to grow.
Share prices relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) The annual ability of the company to produce lithium hexafluorate will be largely self-sufficient, effectively reducing the cost of raw materials, and a 35,000-ton electrolyte product will enable the company to become a leader in domestic electrolyte production.
The Division ' s high integration of the positive materials operations with the electrolyte operations has resulted in the efficient use of lithium hexafluoride by-products, the creation of closed cyclic ecology and the development of a coordinated lithium electricity industry. Lithium hexafluoride prices have hit the bottom, and the warming of the new energy car market has led to higher upstream demand.
The price of lithium hexafluoride fell sharply in 2017, from a high of 400,000 to about 150,000 ton in 2016. The sharp decline in product prices directly slowed the growth rate of corporate business income, with net profits falling on a year-on-year basis, but companies reported performance in line with previous expectations.
The total output of lithium hexafluoride markets is expanding rapidly, but it will take a certain amount of time to turn it into an effective supply certification cycle. Starting in the second quarter of this year, the new energy vehicle promotion catalogue includes the number of models.
There has been a significant increase, with subsidies in place and the introduction of a new version of the double-centre system, and a gradual warming of the new energy car market. In July, new energy car sales were completed at 59,000 and 56,000, respectively, representing an increase of 52.6 per cent and 55.2 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year, with a cumulative increase of 272,000 and 251,000, respectively, corresponding to the same increase.
Lower-stream new energy vehicles will drive up demand for upstream power cells and battery materials. The company’s downstream customers are of high quality, the product lines are synthesizing, and the company’s downstream customers include the country’s leading battery producers, and is actively expanding the overseas market to:
In China, TNCs’ subsidiaries actively seek opportunities to access their global purchasing systems. Future products are expected to become loose suppliers, and if cooperation is established, the company’s role as a supplier of quality Tesla is also expected to further expand international markets.
In terms of products, companies have also been active in expanding industrial chain coverage, with the construction of 25,000 tons of positive materials and 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate production capacity in Taizhou, accelerating the pace of development in the field of positive materials. At the same time, new fund-raising projects have been created in addition to the capacity of tons of electricity, breaking Japan’s monopoly and significantly reducing costs.
Regardless of whether or not the two-part system was implemented in 2018, the new energy vehicle has become a definite trend, the new energy source car market is still in its early stages, and the company, as the leading industry in the electrolytic division industry, is expected to grow in the future. We expect the company to earn 27.52, 36.54 and 2019, respectively.
Figure 3: p/bbandtu: Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree in the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Nations Securities Institute. 20 years in the seller ' s field of research in the industrial sector.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.