The company is China's leading retail bank, and it's in uniform.
The reserve bank has a unique “self-employed + agent” model. The reserve bank has a trust agency with the Postal Group for “three farmers”, urban and rural residents, and small and medium-sized enterprises.
The Group's proxy network, where companies have established banks in China, is as follows: the number of postal outlets is far higher than the size of the State, with nearly 80 per cent of the proxy network, and the contribution of personal deposits is higher. 2) The only “self-employed + agency operating model, with a number of holdings”
The portfolio of proxy assets has great potential: with the expansion of micro-credit support, the network is expected to have the largest and most extensive distribution network, with long-term stability and a higher share of agricultural-related loans than the average.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and services to the "Services of the Three Farmers" are significant, and the advantages of retail operations are highlighted, and the asset and liability structure continues to be optimized. In the first half of the year, the personal bank of the Postal Bank benefited from the opportunities of China’s economic transition.
Business accounts for 61.3 per cent, which is much higher than comparable counterparts. 1) At the end of the liability, the advantage of low-cost deposits is significant: the ratio of deposits and the rate of increase in size is higher than the average of the five major lines; the ratio of personal deposits is higher than that of comparable counterparts, and deposits are more stable and have a significant low-cost advantage. 2) At the end of the asset, there is a larger space for structural optimization: the post reserve
52 weeks of inter-pricing (port dollars) loan operations are running late, but at a higher rate than their counterparts, with a higher percentage of loans being financed; the loan returns are higher than the average for the larger loans, with a clear price advantage.
Market value in circulation (million Hong Kong dollars) Bank interest differentials are significantly higher than averages in major banks; and loan balances are low, with the potential for agency network assets to operate. High costs drag down roa, and high equity multipliers support roe. 1) Postal bank roa is lower: the main roa
Total equity/flowa (millions) contributed to net interest income, which was higher than the five major lines by 3019 (85 per cent) and benefited from circulationb/h (millions)
(b) Level of interest differentials for leading partners: negative contributions, including low intermediate operating income and high administrative costs, are mainly held up by savings agent fees. (2) High equity multipliers are sustainable: the savings bank loans are relatively low and are dominated by personal loans and inclusive financial loans, with less capital consumption supporting higher leverage levels; higher roe
Assets are of excellent quality, and the provision is adequate. The PBS asset quality indicators are better than those of peers, with a poor loan rate of less than 1 per cent for the long term and a poor rate of only 0.83 per cent for the 3q19 and a negative net yield of 0.85 per cent, which is lower than the average for the major banks.
There are less negative concerns. The poor identification criteria are more stringent and the risk exposure is adequate. The 3019 provision covers 389.53 per cent of the loan allocation compared to 3.22 per cent; both are higher than the average for large banks, and the provision is adequate.
Investment recommendations: The Postal Bank is a country-owned retail company with a distinct and differentiated character. We believe that the low-cost advantage of corporate liabilities is sustainable, and retail advantage will support its higher lending rate of return, with interest differentials expected to remain stable; steady growth in size, with net interest income rising at a smooth pace; and growth in median earnings.
The potential is enormous. There is less pressure on bad generation, and there is more room for counter-replenishment. Look at the company's future mechanisms.
The Postal Bank was established in 2007 and was initially established as a private loan operation: since 2009 it has been running self-financed loans and small businesses.
Strategic investors, both inside and outside the country; listed in h shares in August 2016, and listed in a stock on 10 December 2019, completing the reform objective of “share conversion-triggering-marketing.” Figure 1: A map of the development history of the Pasifika Bank
By the end of June 19 the Postal Group held 68.92% of the shares, providing network, customer, data, platform support. At the same time, corporate strategic investors were diversified in a variety of areas, including finance, electricity, IT, communications, including Chinese life (4.12%), Chinese telecommunications (1.38%), ant gold uniforms (0.91%), Swiss silver (0.82%), Morgan, etc.
Support in areas such as excavation, product innovation; promotion of comprehensive strategic cooperation in retail finance, wealth management, financial markets.
Postal banks have a unique “self-employed + agent” business model. In addition to self-employed points, postal group operators can be entrusted with part of the commercial banking operations on their behalf.
Eastern sources of wealth and wisdom, 31,735 of which represented 79.98 per cent. Deposits at the postal bank represented a higher contribution. As of the end of June 19 the amount of personal deposits at the postal bank was 7.9 trillion, of which the agency contributed 6 trillion, or 76 per cent; and the agency bank increased its personal deposits at a faster rate.
This is higher than the rate of personal deposits, which are higher than the average value of the five lines (1.78%); the net difference (2.55%) is higher than the average value of the five lines (2.03%) in the first half of the 19th year.
Postal Bank (601658): Retail businesses with a high level of indebtedness, with a high potential for a proxy network of assets: as microloans are piloted throughout the country, they contribute or increase further.
In June 19, six provinces, Zhejiang, Anhui, Fujian, Hunan, Guangdong, Yunnan, and others, started piloting micro-credit support for the Bank’s first agency. It is expected that, with the nationwide extension of micro-credit support and increased support for micro-enterprise policy, the network’s assets will be further expanded, with a direct recovery potential.
1.2.2 The combined savings agent rate continues to fall  Cost-to-income ratio returns to normal value when savings agent fees are eliminated. The Postal Bank is required to pay a certain savings agent fee, i.e. the additional cost of deposits, for deposits absorbed by the agent ' s network.
(25.7%); we measure the cost of eliminating savings agent fees by 1h19 at 24.3%, back to industry average. The combined real rate continues to fall under the trend of periodicization of savings agent fees. The savings agent rate is determined on the basis of the principle of “fixed rates, slotting fees, 1.5% on the combined rate” and is negative in relation to the length of the period, the longer the deposit period, the lower the rate of savings agent, and therefore the actual payment.
The rate depends on the structure of the deposit term. In the context of the trend towards the periodicization of deposits, the company ' s real aggregate rate has been declining. 2013-1h19 has gone down. The source of Eastern financial booms has sunk through 1.3 channels: deep-cultivating counties, the central-western region, and the introduction of inclusive financial micro-credit.
Ninety-nine per cent of counties (municipalities). Rural residents have a strong concept of savings, a greater dependence on traditional financial institutions, and a weaker bargaining power for deposits; the district has become a relatively low-cost agricultural-related loan account, benefiting from tax benefits.
At the end of June of the year, the reserve ' s loans to farmers exceeded $1.25 trillion, accounting for 26.8 per cent of total loans; the ratio was higher than the average for medium-sized banks. The value-added tax on interest earned on agricultural loans was 3 per cent (tax preference policy) and the value-added tax on other loans was 6 per cent.
The regional nodes (4542) accounted for 55 per cent, higher than the agricultural, industrial and construction branches; the central west deposits, loans, net interest income, receipts were 53.6 per cent, 42.0 per cent, 39.4 per cent and 40.8 per cent respectively; of these, the central west deposits and collections were more than the long triangle, the ring sea and the jewel triangle.
Postal Bank (601658): Retail majors with a strong debt advantage, take-off periods, differentiated regional layouts, with lower pressure on deposit competition. Considering: 1) low financial activity, relatively few investment channels and higher dependency of residents on traditional financial institutions in the mid-western region, the large number of downlink points in the Puerto Rican bank will effectively increase customer stickyness. 2) Industry in the central-western region
By the end of June 19 the Bank had issued a single letter of $10 million and below, amounting to $61.64 billion, or 13 per cent of the total loans, and ranked first among the large commercial banks.
2. The advantages of retail operations are highlighted by the continued optimization of the asset and liability structure The Postal Bank adheres to its retail-led business strategy, which is oriented towards serving the community, small and medium-sized enterprises, the “three farmers”, and the advantages of retail operations are significant, as shown by:
The contribution of individual banking operations is significantly higher than that of the five major banks and recruitments. In the first half of the 19th year, the share of individual banking operations at the Postal Bank was 61.3%; 2016-1h18, although the share of personal banking operations at the Postal Fund was still higher than that of the five major banks, the ratio was declining; competition patterns were changing or were changing.
Figure 17: Personal Bank of the Postal Bank accounts as a percentage of receipts above five major banks, and attracts the end of liabilities 2.1: the advantage of low-cost deposits is significant  the Bank of the Postal Bank has a high ratio of end-of-end deposits and deposits have grown faster. As at 3019, deposit accounts as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities were as high as 96.4 per cent and significantly higher than five
The large network layout and a solid customer base of the Postal Bank support a robust growth in its deposits, with an average annual composite ratio of 13 to 18 years  personal deposits being higher than their counterparts, with a significant advantage of high stability and low cost. The main composition of the deposits of the Postal Bank was personal deposits, which by the end of September 19 accounted for 87% of individual deposits, far higher than the average on the market and higher deposit stability.
Deposit rates are significantly lower than averages in large banks and are sustainable in terms of low-cost advantages. In 13-15 years, the Postal Bank converged with the rate of interest on deposits in five major banks: in 15-17, the rate of interest on deposits fell even more: after 17 years, the cost of deposits rose slowly. In the first half of 19 years, the rate of interest on post storage was 1.53 per cent, which is lower than that of co-workers.
Postal banks are under pressure to disrupt deposits, and low deposit rates are sustainable. Eastern financial and intellectual sources 2.2 end-of-asset: loans are expanding rapidly and there is much room for structural optimization
Loans have increased and the asset structure has been optimized. Postbank asset end-of-end operations started late in 2009 and corporate lending started only in 2009. Loans have grown faster in recent years, stabilizing at a rate of 15% or more than the average; and loans have risen to 48% of the total assets of 3q19 and become major interest-bearing assets. As of the end of September, the Bank’s loans accounted for 48.07% of the total assets, which is still slightly lower.
2.2.1 Credit structure: retailing is marked by a higher rate of return
In recent years, the size of individual mortgage lending by the Postal Bank has expanded rapidly, and by the end of June 19 mortgage lending had risen to 61 per cent, while consumption and business lending had declined to 34 per cent; and the lending structure had stabilized.
In individual loans, mortgages are characterized by low capital occupancy and low risk; consumption and operating loans are characterized by high risk and high returns; and structural optimization helps to maintain low negative rates.
Loan returns were significantly higher than the average of the five major banks. 1h19 loan returns were 4.84 per cent, compared with the average lending returns of the five major banks, 4.59 per cent; Eastern sources of financial and intellectual excellence. Postal bank asset-end bond investments were higher (3019,36.5 per cent) than comparable counterparts; they were dominated by bonds over a one-year period.
Deposits continue to be underutilized, with significant potential for asset operations. This is reflected in the fact that the deposit ratio of the Postal Bank is lower than that of comparable counterparts, with a mere 52.88 per cent credit ratio of 3019 and underutilization of deposits. It is expected that, with the continued optimization of the company ' s asset layout and credit structure, the low-cost advantage of the end of the liability will be fully realized and asset end operations will have greater scope for expansion.
3. High cost drags down roa, which is supported by a high equity multiplier of roe 3.1 roa: mainly due to administrative costs The level of roa in the post bank is lower than five major lines, with much room for improvement. 1h19 roa was 0.76 per cent, which is significantly lower than the average of 1.09 per cent in the five main rows;
Roa has been rising in recent years, and the gap between the five major lines is gradually narrowing.
The main positive contribution of roa is net interest income and income tax. (1) Net interest income contributes 1.62 per cent to roa, higher than the average of the five major banks, higher than 0.38 pct; benefits from the level of net interest differentials among leading partners. (2) Income tax negative contribution to roa is -0.05 per cent, lower than the average of 0.11 pct for the five major banks; benefits from higher tax-exempt income (including public debt, local debt, inclusive microfinance, etc.): 3q19 real tax rates (7.81 per cent)
The main negative contribution of roa is the net revenue from handling fees and commissions and management costs. (1) The net contribution of routing fees and commissions to roa is only 0.13 per cent, down from an average of 0.22 pct for the five major lines; this is mainly due to the late start of intermediate operations at the PPB and the concentration of clients in the district areas.
(2) The negative contribution of management costs to roa (-0.98%) is higher than the average of 0.55 pct in the five main lines; mainly the higher cost of savings agents in the “self-employed + agency” model is a drag.
3.1.2 Receivables: Net interest income contributes more and non-interest income continues to improve
Retention revenue accounts for about 40% of non-interest income, and increases at a steady rate; other non-interest income increases at a higher rate, and this is due to fluctuations in returns on portfolio investment. There has been a significant increase in the ratio of bank cards to returns on equity; with the opening of treasury management, the contribution from fiscal management is expected to recover. The bank card and poss ratio have increased to 45.68% (1h19), which is a rapid increase in credit card consumption and instalments, leading to a rise in charge fees and instalments.
A solid network, customer base, and a recovery in revenue collection are expected. 3.2 Under the light capital structure + inclusive finance advantage, the high equity multiplier is sustainable. Under low roa, the equity multiplier raises the postroom roe level.
12.26% is the second highest in the state-owned major and equity banks. Highroe benefits from a higher equity multiplier, 1h19 is 19.86, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom The asset structure has a light capital attribute and a high equity multiplier is sustainable.
In recent years, the equity multipliers have declined, but remain higher than the average for large banks. Given that the net asset base is already large, the impact of subsequent replenishments on equity multipliers will gradually diminish, so that the higher equity multipliers will be sustainable.
The asset quality indicators are better than those of a colleague. Due to the late start of the post office credit operations and the avoidance of traditional high-risk industries and areas, asset quality is better. (1) The rate of badness is maintained at less than 1 per cent for the long term: the 3q19 rate is only 0.83 per cent, which is significantly better than the level of a colleague. (2) Concern about loan rates and excesses is high.
(3) The criteria for adverse identification are strict and the risk is fully exposed. 1h19 Postal Bank is over 90 days overdue/undesperable at 81%. (4) Bad rate of creation is low: 3019 Postal Bank has only 0.85% poor net generation, lower than the average of five major lines (0.92%) and low stress.
Figure 44: Postal Bank interest in loan rates, low rate of overdue loans and low potential for negative results Figure 45: Postal reserve more than 90 days overdue/undespite, strict criteria for poor identification Figure 46: Low rate of unsound production of 3q19 by PSB
The provision is sufficient to provide for the recovery of profits. The 3019 provision covers 389.53 per cent, which is higher than the average provision coverage for the five major banks (241 per cent) and figure 47: the 3q19 provision covers 389.53 per cent, the recovery of the profit capacity is strong.
4.2 The loan structure is superior, with poor pressure or low asset quality benefiting from a low-risk credit structure.
(ii) High-risk sectors account for a lower share of public loans. As of the end of June 19 the Postal Bank accounted for a higher share of public loans, not for the delivery of warehousing, manufacturing, finance, electricity and gas. Of these, low-risk transport warehousing (1h19, negative 0.03%) and electricity gas (1h19, negative 0.06%) accounted for almost 40% of loans; and high-risk wholesale and retail (1h19, negative 4.14%) loans accounted for only about 40%.
We believe that the low-cost advantage of corporate indebtedness is sustainable, and that retail advantage will support its higher lending yield level, with interest differentials expected to remain stable;
(1) The size of the loan can be maintained at a steady and faster pace. The reserve bank’s asset structure is constantly optimized, and the size of the loan is growing faster: but taking into account the economy, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom (2) The reserve is expected to maintain the level of interest differentials of its leading counterparts in the light of a narrow trend in the collection of bank interest differentials.
The policy has been strengthened, with higher downward pressure on loan returns in 2020; monetary policy has led to lower market interest rates or moderate pressure on bank debt costs; and, in aggregate, next year’s interest differentials have been narrowly pressured. Given the advantages of the number of company agents and the stability of the client and deposit base, low-cost liabilities, higher rates of return on loans supported by retail advantages, the difference between the postbanks is expected to remain stable, assuming a net interest for 2019-2021.
(3) With lower fees, there will be more room for future expansion in credit cards, money management, etc., which will be further improved. Postal banks are expected to sell credit cards, wealth management, fund replacements in view of their large client base, integrated operations and the gradual increase in the level of services provided by retail intermediaries.
(iv) Management costs will decline gradually, leading to a return to normal levels of cost-earning ratios. As companies improve their future mechanisms, improve their operational efficiency, and further develop their financial science and technology applications, expenditure on management costs is expected to decline gradually, assuming that the adverse generation of management costs in 2019-2021 (5) is less stressful and that the higher provision will be significant for the profit-making countervailing space.
The momentum will support its high rate of return on loans and its growing profitability, and roe will continue to lead other state-owned majors; (2) under the self-employment plus agency model, the post office bank points, deposits, and clients have significant advantages, which will directly generate interest income and non-Oriental sources of wealth and wisdom as the portfolio of proxy assets continues to expand.
The performance of proxy network assets is not as high as expected, and the economic downturn affects asset quality.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Post Bank (601658): Retail businesses with a strong debt edge, flying seasons, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Research assistant brief on forward-looking investment analysis in the Research and Banking Unit.
Click here to enter the text. The plotter's own research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Postal Bank (601658): Retail majors with a strong advantage in indebtedness do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.