Quarterly 2022: Upturn in electricity prices + commissioning of new aircraft 27/04/04  Events: Corporate Bulletin 1 Quarterly, yielding revenues of $65.250 billion, an increase of 30.54 per cent, corresponding to 30.5 per cent.
The net profit of the mother - 956 million yuan, a decline of 129.96 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother - 1,415 million yuan, a rise of 19.47 per cent in the price of electricity on the Internet, and the high cost of coal, which is a drag on performance. According to the company announcement, q1 has a real current income of 65250 million yuan, an increase of 30.54 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the mother - 956 million yuan, a decrease of the same amount.
q1 has a total of 10,771 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity on the Internet, an increase of 2.42 per cent over the same year; Pyre has an increase of 19.47 per cent over the same year of 501.96 kWh, and marketed and traded electricity is a regular call for 300 million tons of new coal production through increased nuclear capacity, expansion and new production.
It is expected that the company's Māori rate will continue to rise. The company is planning to produce green electricity of more than 8gw this year, with wind power of 3gw (1.35gw) and light voltage of 5gw, which are expected to make a significant contribution to the green power business: high industry climate + good competitive patterns + high profitability, targeted market space
(a) Industry level: high weather + good competitive patterns + high profitability, green power operation, 40% compound increase in the size of the company ' s green power plant; taking into account the fact that part of the company ' s new installed aircraft includes the Sea Wind Project, the profitability of the company is stronger than the Land Wind Project, resulting in a compound increase in net profit for the company.
1) In the short term, the price of electricity for market-based transactions has floated + DCRC has strictly controlled the price of coal, and the company ' s fire and electricity business has passed through the most difficult times and is expected to achieve a balance of gains, losses or small profits. 2) In the medium term, the power auxiliary services management scheme has been put in place and the profitability of the engine support services is expected to increase.)
In the long run, the company's existing fire power assets will eventually be converted into green power in the form of depreciation.
There is a marked underestimation of the transition of the Fire and Power Dragons to green power lines of 0.39, while the pb for the Dragon and Long Power (h) shares of 4.01 and 2.06 respectively, so that the value of the company ' s existing Fire and Power assets is clearly undervalued.
The three major financial forecasting tables of China International have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of a securities investment advisory board.