Topper Group (601689) for the first time covers the first time the strategic benefits of the platform have emerged, and the spare parts have sailed - the first report of the Topper Group (601689.sh) for the first time.
Founded in 1983 in collaboration with a large number of leading global car companies, the company has gradually become a zero platform company. The company now owns eight major automobile parts and components series, that is, car nvh minus.
Seismic systems, interior and interior accessories systems, light weights, smart cabin parts, thermal management systems, chassis systems, a share of the circulation unit (million shares): Air suspension systems, intelligent driving systems, one-car packages of approximately $30,000.
a Total stock share (millions): build core corporate competitiveness based on strong R & D strengths.
In addition, the company has a system-level synchronization of five product modules that are now moving towards research and development capability, with mechanical, electrical, electrical, etc.
Integrated software development and integration capabilities. Based on this capability, companies have successfully advanced into a number of high-end manufacturing areas, such as electrical power transfer systems, heat management system pump valves, air suspension integration systems, human-type robotic implementers, through self-research products, without the need for external acquisition.
With the growth of leading firms and the full enjoyment of the new energy-generation transformation dividend, the company undertook a forward-looking layout in the area of new energy vehicles, officially became a supplier to the North American households in August 2016, and launched a long-term collaborative research and development (R & D) journey towards light-quantified chassis, heat management systems,
In addition, companies are investing in a new Tier 0.5 business model and strategic multi-dimensional collaboration with the ideal, arguably leading new energy drivers.
Yang has benefited from the rapid growth in sales by customers of new energy vehicles downstream of the company, as well as the rapid increase in the domestication rate of spare parts, the demand for company products, and the gradual start to release the capacity of new factories across the company.
Taking into account that a company, as a platform, can take full advantage of its product lines, R & D advantages, the costs and financial advantages associated with its size and the combined advantages of qstp, looking at the medium- and long-term growth space of the company, covering it for the first time, the risks of increased competition in the market, the management risks associated with the expansion of its operations, and the failure to maintain technological advantages,
Related risks, relative concentration of customers, and friction risks in international trade. 1. Platform-based strategies are beginning to yield positive results, with a steady increase in profitability, 1.1 by the Chinese automobile industry, and platform-based parts and components companies sailing.
Client development period (1983-2014): Tupou Group was founded in 1983 and has been focused on the auto parts industry for 40 years. The company started to provide a spare parts package for the country’s first joint venture, Beijing Jeep, and relied on the founder’s control of the trends of the time and on the way in which the company’s science was managed to achieve rapid growth in its performance.
In 2015, the company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. By the end of 2016, the Department had established two overseas technology research and development centres in Detroit and Gothenburg, Sweden, and in Toronto, Canada.
At the same time, in 2016, the company received a major North American client list, officially becoming a major North American customer supplier. From 2020 to the present, the big North American customer replaced Gilly as the company’s largest customer.
The company’s accompaniment products are also enriched, from the initial aluminium-exercise control arm to a shock absorber, light-quantified chassis, interior features, etc. In 2021, the thermal management system extended from auto electronics also entered the Tesla chain, raising the value of the bicycle to over $6,000.
Business accelerator (2020-present): At present, companies are expanding their product lines and forming platform-based enterprises by in-depth binding of leading new energy vehicles, both domestic and foreign, and by sustaining horizontal expansion of the company’s business plate, with a boom in prices and a boom in the company’s business.
The company currently has power chassis systems, appliance systems, domain thought smarts and robotic power-driven 4 major businesses, as well as nine major business plates such as seismic systems, interior and interior accessories systems, light weight quantification, chassis systems, smart cabin parts, heat management systems, air overhang systems, smart driving systems and robotic executives. Of these, the company’s eight largest cars, zero.
In July 2023, the Department of Robotic Industries was split and set up an independent management structure with an excellent professional team. The human robot executives developed by the company have also approached clients on several occasions.
The project is progressing well, thanks to a sample, client recognition and appreciation, and figure 3: Corporate equity structure is centralized and stable, contributing to the efficient implementation of long-term decision-making and strategic planning as of July 2023.
On 4th, the president of the company built up the firm to hold, through direct ownership and other means, 64,09% of the company’s shares, for the firm’s real owners. A high concentration of shares helps to ensure the implementation of the enterprise’s strategy, while also providing preconditions for the high quality of efficient, innovative, and agile enterprises. In addition, companies have greater scope for capital expansion.
There are stronger financial barriers to responding to the technological revolution and industrial change than companies in the same industry.
(Ningbo)
Mykko, Ning Botsu, international holdings.
National Society (Hong Kong)
Chinese agriculture, Hua Xin Guichen, Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry
The risk is to build up a 1.2-cent pick-up that follows the new energy wave and keeps up the profits.
In 2022, corporate business income grew by 39.52% over the same period the previous year, reaching US$ 15,593 million. Among these, the two traditional lines of business, the car shock absorber and interior parts, were rapidly increasing the share of corporate revenue, adding a strong impetus to the growth of corporate business income. As of 2022, the bottom line was the bottom line.
Businesses such as Harmonium, thermomanagement system, together accounted for $5,813 million, or 36.35 per cent of corporate revenue. Given the company’s deepening business relationship with major clients and its continued acquisition of project targeting, the new business will be a new engine for future growth in corporate performance.
Among them, the chassis system is accompanied by production, and the Maori rate is rising faster, increasing by 3.55 pcts the same year. The amount of high-quality customers, both internally and externally, the start-up of new projects, the development of new product lines and the expansion of markets, both at home and abroad, are among the factors.
The Māori and net interest rates for sales have been declining year after year since 2017. The cost of purchasing and selling products has been reduced to a certain extent, owing to slower prices of raw materials and declining shipping costs.
At the same time, the cost-side pressure has been further reduced as a result of the ongoing price compensation of the whole downstream car factory. Combining the various factors, the company ' s Māori sales rate and net interest rates on sales have recovered since 2021. In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s raw materials fluctuated: in 2022, the company ' s direct materials accounted for more than 75 per cent of the cost of the main business.
Volatility in the prices of raw materials such as aluminum, steel and rubber is a major factor influencing the change in the cost of operations in the main camp. The sharp increase in spot prices for aluminium, copper and stainless steel from the beginning of 2020 to October 2021 made it difficult for the company’s cost transfer mechanism to keep pace with the change in the cost of raw materials in a timely manner, resulting in an increase in the unit cost of the company’s main product and an increase in the Maori rate.
Nearly 30% of the main business income comes from overseas markets. As a result of trade patterns, international shipping fees have risen rapidly since 2020, with a significant negative impact on the company ' s Māori ratio. In 2021, the maritime transport fee index reached its peak.
After that, it began to fall. Currently, the level of international shipping costs has largely fallen to the level of 2017, and firm cost end pressures have been effectively reduced.
Figure 12: Evolution of the maritime transport fee index 3 ratio of revenue is expected to continue to be low, benefiting from the impact of scale. In recent years, companies have been improving production efficiency and optimizing processes, and the effect of scale has gradually become apparent, with sales costs and management costs declining as a proportion of revenue
As of 2022, only 1.38 per cent of corporate sales costs and management costs as a percentage of revenue had been collected, and the Division ' s holdings of tradable debt for the initial and follow-up measurement of debt payable at amortized costs had led to short-term increases in financial costs. Overall, the ratio of corporate fees as a percentage of revenue will continue to show as the impact of scale continues to emerge.
The company ' s cash flow was robust and its profit quality excellent. Except for 2018, the company ' s cash income ratio and net profit cash ratio remained above 90 per cent between 2017 and the first quarter of 2023, with an annual upward trend since 2021. In the first quarter of 2023, the company ' s net profit cash ratio reached almost 150 per cent, and the cash income ratio was reached.
107.7% cash flow is good. Overall, companies have a steady cash flow and excellent business capability, which means not only that they have a relatively strong voice and competitiveness in the supply chain, but also that they can get through their steady cash flow, effectively sustain their business activities and capital spending, and steadily upgrade their new energy vehicles.
In recent years, corporate capital spending has risen rapidly. By 2022, capital spending had reached $50.0 billion, mainly in Chongqing, Zhejiang and An.
As the company’s nine main lines of business continue to expand, and as Mexico’s plant capacity accelerates, we expect that the company’s capital spending will not fall in the short term. Topper’s depreciation rate is relatively high compared to comparable companies such as Shin Fountain and Guangdong Hung.
It will speed up the depreciation of production lines, reduce company costs and improve competitiveness. In addition, higher depreciation rates will speed up the recovery of fixed assets and facilitate upgrading of fixed equipment.
2.1 Seismic Services - Corporate Core Business, led by the city’s leader, the domestic market for earthquake relief has grown significantly faster than the global market. As the automobile industry has developed rapidly, consumer demand for car comfort, stability and safety has increased.
According to the Market Information Research Network, global output increased steadily from 2018 to 2022, reaching a compound growth rate of 3.24 per cent in four years. Thanks to demand from downstream industries, demand from the seismograph industry is on the rise, and production is increasing at a significantly higher rate than that of the global market.
From 2016 to 2021, the market size of our seismometer industry rose rapidly from $8.36 billion to our competitive pattern in the automobile seismator industry, where the Top Group is in the lead. We have fewer participants, markets are concentrated, and we are in a fully competitive pattern.
The packaging industry has a high concentration of 36.7% in Cr.4 in 2021 and 53.5% in Cr.8. According to data from the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, Topau was ranked first in the domestic seismometer market in 2021, and second in the global seismometer market, leading.
Companies use a wide range of seismic products, with their own leading production processes and product quality assurance systems. Companies use seismic products such as total power suspensions, liners, rubber metal, axle-reverse reversors, etc. The above-mentioned products can be used in a variety of ways, such as automobile power systems, suspension systems, and transmission systems, to effectively increase the supply of components.
In addition, at the production research and development stage, companies have the leading domestic production processes and product quality assurance systems. In terms of production equipment, companies have reached the national level in key processes such as rubber refining, metal surface treatment, vulcanization and dry filling.
In terms of research and development technology, companies not only possess dozens of core technologies, such as non-swipe-pressive cold-forming technologies, highly efficient engineering and rubber formulations, and fine-cut fully automated control technologies, but also receive numerous national, district and municipal honour awards and dozens of awards from clients, with strong research and development capabilities.
In terms of safeguards, the company has a strong capacity for rubber fatigue analysis and metal fatigue analysis, as well as internationally advanced inspection equipment, which provides adequate product quality assurance at all stages of the project.
From 2020 to 2022, the company’s seismic capacity grew rapidly from 5.8 million units to 9 million units, with a two-year compound growth rate of 24.57%. At the same time, the company’s concussion-mitigator business continued to outperform, with capacity utilization and sales reaching more than 95% in almost three years.
In terms of the Māori ratio, the profitability of the shock absorbers operations has a significant advantage in comparison with other leading firms in the industry, where companies share the cost of depreciation by increasing their capacity utilization, optimizing their production processes to reduce production costs and improve efficiency.
2.2 Built-up features - driven by downstream customer demand, corporate product production is booming, and consumer upgrading and “new quadrupling” are driving the interior industry further. In the context of rising consumption trends, consumers shift away from traditional consumption concepts, seeking to reconcile functional and aesthetic cars, and increasing awareness of the interior features.
The market size of the interior industry has grown further. According to the data from the study, 43% of consumers now consider car interiors to be very important, 51% value them less, and only 6% consider it irrelevant for car purchases. Moreover, in the light of the trend towards a "new quadruple" of cars, each inner packaging supplier caters for consumers.
By 2025, the interior and interior industries were more fragmented than the rest of the spare parts industry. Because of the lower barriers to the interior and interior of cars, and the lower barriers to production, the industry has become more profitable.
As a result, the single product market for automobiles and accessories is fragmented and the concentration of industries is low. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2022, only 34% of the top three companies in the global car and interiors (excluding seats and lights) had a market share (cr3).
The share is significantly lower than in other auto parts and components industries. Figure 28: Stock of auto parts and components by industry, 2022. The company is the only inner supplier in the country with a whole industry chain.
The company, as the country’s only domestic supplier with a whole industry chain capacity, is able to systematically provide car interiors, quality and price advantages, and customers are more sticky.
By adopting vehicle-based acoustic packaging techniques, companies can effectively reduce power aggregates and noise sources, such as tire noise, wind noise, and improve combined noise reduction. In addition, companies produce lighter and more sophisticated fibres, as well as heterogeneous fibres and plant fibres.
The company’s rapid downstream customers drive demand up, and the company’s productive capacity continues to expand to meet customer demand. Driven by the rapid growth in sales by its new energy car customers (e.g., large North American customers, Biadei, etc.), the company is equipped with new energy vehicles.
At present, the company’s overall capacity is saturated. As many projects, such as the Ningbo Bay, Anhuisu County, and Lake Governor’s boom, come into operation, the company’s capacity is expected to be reduced. According to the company announcement, by 2027, the company’s inner function would be combined.
We assume that the average sales price of our current capacity is raised by 1% per year, and that a small quantity of cars is one of the most efficient ways to reduce energy savings. In the terms of the road map to energy efficiency and new energy technologies 2.0, we set a clear target that by 2025/2030/2035, the consumption of conventional energy vehicles will be reduced.
As low as 5.6 litres/100 km//4.8 litres/L, fuel consumption in passenger vehicles, including new energy sources, will be reduced to 4.6 litres/3.2 litres/2.0 litres/100 km. Developing more environmentally friendly and energy-efficient cars has become one of the main directions of current automobile industry research. Research shows that light weight quantification is the most effective way to achieve energy-efficient car emissions reduction.
A little bit, and a little bit, is the future direction of the automobile industry. A study of Light Quantified Designs for Automobile Cars shows that when a car weighs 10%, it reduces fuel consumption by 6 - 8%, electric car renewals by 6 - 8%, and car lightization has the advantages of effectively increasing the comfort, safety, reliability and durability.
The application of lightly quantified materials is an important means of achieving lightly quantified automobiles, and aluminium alloys have multiple advantages. The road map for energy-saving and new energy-generating vehicle technology 2.0 clearly states that a lightly quantified path for vehicles should be developed in the near future with a view to improving high-intensity steel application systems and, in the medium term, the construction of the main light alloy application system, with the ultimate goal of a multi-material mix.
A horizontal comparison of typical car sizes and aluminium alloys is clear. The density is only one third of high-intensity steel, which is about 30% less than conventional steel. Moreover, because it is twice as sorbent as steel, it has a greater advantage in collisions. The magnesium alloys have a slightly better performance than aluminium alloys, but they are less corrosive and magnesium-compatible.
The melting point of gold is much higher than that of fire, which is prone to explosion in traditional crushing processes. The regressive effects of carbon fibre composites are more pronounced than aluminum magnesium alloys, but their large-scale application in the automobile industry is hampered by their immaturity and high prices.
The best lightly quantified material at this stage is the multiple advantages of degrees, heights, high corrosion tolerance. The chassis has a higher value for weight reduction. The car is mainly weighted in body, chassis, and interiors (mainly seats). For a common vehicle, the body and chassis weigh about 420 kg and 380 kg, which weigh the whole car.
By using light quantitative materials such as aluminium and magnesium, the body is reduced by more than 40% and the chassis by more than 190 kg and 160 kg, respectively. The chassis is an important part of the lower quantification, and the chassis process is relatively mature and less costly.
A factor of 1.35 is higher than the cost of weight reduction for other components, and a cost factor of 0.95 is lower than the average. Figure 35: Body and bottom ceilings are two of the largest weight reduction components  basic weight (kg)  lightly quantified (kg)
A.h.r.w.a.w. aperno \kappanotk
Aluminium alloying is at a critical stage in the accelerated penetration of aluminium alloying. A bicycle is driven by the pressing need for a new energy vehicle to continue the voyage, and the process of aluminium alloying is accelerating. According to the International Association of Aluminium Industries, between 2018 and 2030, China’s new energy use of a vehicle chassis and the hanger portion of a bicycle aluminium will run from 11.6 m from 2018 to 2030.
By increasing the weight to 59.4 kg, the penetration rate for aluminium will increase from 26% to 94%. Similarly, fuel will be driven further by lightly quantifying the chassis due to fuel consumption pressures. It is expected that between 2018 and 2030, the use of the fuel vehicle base plate and flying single-car aluminium will increase from 9.5 kg to 33.3 kg, and the penetration rate will increase from 18% to 64%.
We made the following assumptions: 1) we assumed that China had 37/44/50 per cent energy vehicle penetration from 2023 to 2025, respectively; 3) we assumed a Bev & phev aluminium penetration rate between 2023 and 2025, taking into account the above-charted IAA forecast data for our new energy use vehicle chassis, and aluminium per vehicle per vehicle, respectively, we assumed that the bev & phev aluminum penetration rate would be higher from 2023 to 2025.
38/52/70% Aluminium alloy penetration rate of 26/35/45%. Combined with estimates of the value of traditional steel and aluminium parts of the car chassis, the market size of the car chassis was estimated to be 68.780 billion yuan in 2025, of which the market size of the aluminium alloy chassis was 50.22 billion yuan, with composite growth rates between 2022 and 2025.
Figure 39: China’s projected size of the market in the wheeled car for the period 2022 to 2025 (single companies have industry leading parts, modules, and systems-level development production capacity in the chassis area). From 2004 the company moved into light-quantified suspension systems, with a rich accumulation of core technology and intellectual property rights.
In 2017, the company acquired 100% of Zhejiang Tok and Sichuan Mako with cash of $642 million. By doing so, the company was able to quickly enter high-intensity steel chassis operations and achieve synergies in technology R & D, product manufacturing, and customer development.
A fully-processed aluminium alloy co-arcophagus set-up capability to cover a single aluminium co-arcophagus (low pressure/high vacuum casting), a split-heart aluminum co-arcophagus (low pressure casting), a split frame aluminium co-arcophagus (depressure casting), combined with a public whole car matching capability with spare parts, head design and development capability, nvh calibration and material development capability, whole-carrying experiments
With the ability to adjust, companies can achieve a one-stop lightly quantified solution for their clients. Figure 41: The company’s bottom plate is a lightly quantified product line.
The steady upswing in volume and the accelerated pace of light quantitative developments in traditional fuel trucks, the continued strong demand for light-quantified bottom systems by the company's core clients, the high level of capacity utilization of the company's related products, and the production base of the factory will be based on Ningbo 2,200 acres, while at the same time it will be located in Taizhou, Kanhua, Chang Hing, Chang Hing and Soo.
In Ning, Chongqing, Huanan, Xian, Poland, Mexico, etc., factories have been set up to provide near-distance packages for the major North American clients, Biade, Gillie, Upper Steam Group, Volvo, Ul, Idea, Ping, Snack, Kim Kwan, etc., and to effectively raise the qstp and customer satisfaction.
Figure 42: Company light-quantized plant layout 2.4 Thermal management business - industry pattern re-engineer and accelerated release of company operations. The importance of a new energy car heat management system has increased significantly.
The heat management of the system is aimed at ensuring that parts of the vehicle and the cockpit are kept within a reasonable temperature range, thereby achieving such objectives as saving oil, increasing comfort and extending the mileage. Unlike conventional fuel trucks, which supply heat via engine reheating sources, new energy vehicles cannot supply their own heat sources and rely on additional heaters for heating.
On the other hand, the heating management of fuel trucks is mainly reflected in the cooling of engines, while the heat management of new energy vehicles is more concerned with regulating the temperature of “tri-electric” systems, such as batteries, electric machines, electrical controllers, etc., with different model options under cold heat control. In terms of single-car values, the current electric car heat management system is more valuable than the fuel vehicle heat management system.
Figure 43: Comparison of heating systems for fuel vehicles and smart electric vehicles
Cars have been upgrading their integration and heat-pumping pathways. At present, the leading major plant in the industry has introduced second- and third-generation technologies in electricity and heat management, battery heat management and cabin heat management, with higher integration requirements for hardware and software per generation of technology.
In the model, three versions of the technology have evolved, including electrical residual heat recovery, large-scale integrated control valves, power jamming technology, whole-car heat management labelling, and smart heat management algorithms. In addition, Biadi’s second-generation heat management system has also been upgraded to a core technology with a pure electric vehicle model.
Platform 3.0 was designed to introduce a system of heat pumps for the integrated management of heat sources such as batteries, power aggregates, etc., and to use a combination of broad-height area heat pumps, six valves, and powered cells with a total spontaneous heat, cold-cooling, and thermal heating. The temperature rate could reach 60%. In recent years, a large number of new energy vehicles with heat-pump systems have been on the market and the heat-pump penetration rate has been raised.
Figure 47: Trends in the integration of the Greater North American Client Heat Management System Figure 48: Trends in the integration of the Biade fever Management System Total elimination of the ptc control module, preheating of the cockpit
Passenger cabins, batteries and electrical heat management circuits are unique, heat is handed over to the heat pump air conditioner and to the residual heat of the power-driven + power control system.
Roof heating is based on wind ptc, refrigeration is based on compressors, valve island programmes are used to integrate refrigerant side circuits and components. Battery heat is based on waterptc, refrigeration is based on compressors.
Directly replaced by refrigerants: cooling, with the use of special low-conductor cooling fluids; remodelling of the thermal management industry, where there is a clear trend towards opportunities for local suppliers. In traditional and new energy sources,
With the accelerated penetration of new domestic energy vehicles, domestic manufacturers, represented by the Topper Group, the Triumph Constellation, the Silver Wheels, etc., continue to dominate the international market with their deep technological accumulation and customer resources.
The rapid response of the market and the fine-tuning of costs have gradually increased opportunities for collaborative research and development of new products with the world ' s leading new energy drivers, and have used this as an opportunity to gradually acquire a stronger core technological iterative capacity to catch up with and outrun the leading firms abroad.
We make the following assumptions: 1) we assume that China's bulk sales by car were 2.38/2.31/244 million in 2023-2025; 2) our new energy by car accelerated penetration, assuming a new energy vehicle penetration rate of 37/44/50 per cent between 2023 and 2025; 3) combined with the unit price of the Tugai Automobile Institute for the management of various types of cars
Value projections, we assume that the penetration of the pure tram-type heat pump system between 2022 and 2025 reached $106.2 billion in the size of the car heat management market, of which $82.1 billion in the size of the new energy-borne car heat management market and 23.7 per cent in the year 2022-2025, maintaining a high growth rate.
Companies are driven by downstream high-quality customer demand, and the heat management business is about to harvest. With their long-term accumulation and precision manufacturing capabilities in the field of power control, companies have successfully developed heat management systems based on smart brake system ibs, and have achieved the first generation of heat pump systems combined with research and development and bulk delivery. So far, companies have developed a second generation of products.
It can provide not only water-side, refrigerant-side-separated partial integration programmes, but also highly integrated solutions. At the same time, the company is based on maintaining a technological lead in component products.
The supply capacity of various products, such as cool valves, heat changers. Currently, downstream customers of the heating pump system have achieved full coverage of major North American customers, Chinese Cyrus, Ideas, Biadi, Gilly, and other leading new energy vehicles, both domestic and foreign.
By 2028, the total combined capacity of the company ' s heat pump system would have reached 1.9 million units, and if the company had maintained the current heat management system at an average cost of $2,700 per set, the corresponding operating income would have been expected to exceed $5 billion.
Figure 52: Decentralized heat management pump valves 2.5 Air hangar operations - successful break-out of industry monopoly barriers, company operations are in the advanced stages of growth Air hangars with comfort and manoeuvring stability can significantly enhance driving experience.
All transmission connections to the bridge, primarily bearing the weight and weight between the wheel and the rack, cushioning the shock caused by the failure to level the road against the rack or body, and reducing the resulting vibrations to ensure that the vehicle can travel smoothly.
Category: Passive suspension, semi-active suspension and active suspension. Active air suspension systems with relatability and recalcitrable resistance factors can significantly enhance driving experience and increase ease of use. They are mainly air springs, air supply units (including air compressors, gas storage tanks, distribution).
Valves, etc.), ecu controllers, shock absorbers, and sensors (including auto-high sensors, acceleration sensors, etc.) make up of components. The mode of operation is that the sensor takes the lead in gathering information on body speed, acceleration, body height, directional angles, etc., and converts this information into an electronic signal to an electronic control unit.
These signals are analysed in a comprehensive manner to capture the current vehicle's active state and give control instructions to compressors, electromagnetic valves, barometers, etc., to regulate the suspense and rigidity parameters and optimize the driving status of vehicles.
Figure 54: Air overhang map Local supplier technology is fully configured, core air overhang components are nationalized. Integrated air overhang industrial chains suggest that local suppliers have made multiple breakthroughs upstream. e.g. air springs, air supply units, ecu control.
Key components such as machines, sensors, etc. have been domesticated. Compared to imported components of the original plant, which are technologically mature, reduced value added leads to lower R & D costs, increased location leads to a gradual realization of scale effects, and reduced tariffs, transportation costs, etc., the purchase unit price of components associated with the domestic air suspension system is significantly lower than zero imports of the same type.
The costs of the air overhang industry have been rapidly explored, and penetration rates have increased rapidly. The prices of air overhang have remained high as a result of the early involvement of overseas vehicle companies in the air overhang, the availability of advanced technology and the formation of a long-term market monopoly.
With further increases in domestic production, the overall hardware price is expected to fall below $8,000 in the future. Benefiting from the fall in the price of air-jumping systems, the price of an entry-type guide for autonomous brands carrying air-scarce systems continues to fall.
Explored: The price of the initial vehicle type of the autonomous brand with the air suspension system continues to be explored, driven by the decline in the price of the air overhang system. In 2018, the encumbrance of car Es8 as a whole vehicle using the air overhang system began delivery and successfully reduced the price of the air overhang system to within $500,000. In 2019, the volume of es6 was reduced to within $500,000.
By 2021, the introduction of Free and Kryptonite 001 had led to a further decline in the price of air-loaded vehicles. Currently, air-loading hangars have been configured to enter an entry-level luxury car market of between $250,000 and $300,000. According to the Open Industries Research Network, as of 2021,
The penetration rate of the air overhang in the overall passenger vehicle market has reached 3.3 per cent, and we make the following assumptions: 1) we assume that China will sell 2.38/2.31/244 million by car in the period from 2023 to 2025, respectively; 2) there is a significant upward trend in the consumption of our cars, based on the use of our fleets, as published by the Covenant.
Using year-to-year price segment sales figures, a significant increase in the sales of more than $200,000 in models, from 2018 to 2021, with a rapid upward trend in air penetration in passenger vehicles and air penetration, we anticipate a rapid decline in the value of single vehicles as the national production of core components accelerates, and we expect to multiply between 2023 and 2025.
The value of the vehicle air hangar system is 8050/7500/7250. The market size of the car is estimated at $17 billion in 2025, a composite growth rate of 73.0 per cent between 2022 and 2025, and a high rate of growth in the vacant industry.
Upgrade the tide, the price of the rickets to the air suspension system has declined rapidly, and the host plant has increased its willingness to assemble the air overhang. In response to trends in the air overhang industry, the company has built up the air over the years, building on the accumulated power, software, manufacturing, ground-plating capacity, combined with a wealth of experience in rubber decomposition, vacuum pumps, building up the air over the years.
In November 2021, one of the company's air hangar systems, covering 80,000 square metres of land, was officially operational, with a total investment of $600 million.
By the end of 2022, the company had been officially set up with seven air hangar systems in many of the leading mainframes. The company is a small number of companies in the country that have mastered multi-core components of the open system.
For example, air supply systems must be able to stabilize for long periods of time in high-pressure environments while maintaining low vibrations and noise, with high reliability and durability requirements.
The need for frequent compression of air and continuous energy input in the process imposes higher requirements for energy consumption control of air supply systems. By the end of 2022, the global air supply unit market had been monopolized by the mainland group, Wilburco and the amk (central stock holding) companies, with market concentration (cr3) reaching 100%.
The company ' s products integrate air compressors, distribution valves, ecu, etc., which also integrates air spring control and cdc seismic control. As a result, the company ' s products have a higher degree of integration, tight structure, weight, etc.
In addition, it has the advantage of responding quickly and less likely to overheating in a high altitude environment. Figure 60: Share of pre-loading suppliers of air supply systems on the Chinese market, 2022
Figure 61: Share of preloaders of air springs on the Chinese market in 2022: 2.6 Line Control Operations - Companies actively engage in relevant layouts that provide a deep base for intelligent development.
Brakes command, and direct control of hydraulic pumps or motors through electrical control signals. Line control systems have the following advantages compared to conventional brake systems:
Traditional braking systems require vacuum boosters to generate enough brake power, while spare parts such as vacuum aids are removed by both the ehb and the emb. This is a good solution to the problem of limiting the use of vacuum boosters when electric motors are replaced by electric engines.
Reduction of energy consumption, less time for a brake response, and more energy-efficient environment. The traditional way of braking is to transform car kinetic energy into thermal energy, and the need to consume energy to create a vacuum, which means that there is still a part of the energy that is not being fully utilized. And wire control replaces vacuum power with an electronic booster and does not require additional energy consumption to create a vacuum source.
Each braking process is controlled by a telecom, so energy losses can be reduced to some extent and the speed of the brakes increased. Line control systems can generate the brakes in 0.1 to 0.15 seconds.
Figure 63: The traditional brake system versus the wire control system is still the mainstream program, with Bodo taking the main share of the market. Line control is still in the early stages of development, with two technical development paths: hydraulic wire control system (ehb) and mechanical line control system (emb).
Lines. Although emb is the direction of future line control technology, emb has not yet been able to achieve large-scale production due to the limitations of existing technology. Thus, at this stage, hehb is still the mainstream programme. Moreover, in the online control of the market, leading Tier 1 firms, such as Bo, have gained a large share of the market by virtue of traditional brake technology.
Internal manufacturers are actively laying out and gradually increasing their market share. According to the Josstropic statistics, Bo took up a 91.5% share in controlling the market in 2021, while in the first five months of 2022, the share fell to 89.4%, while the market share of the same firms, Evé, Vandu, and Nathan.
In the medium-to-long term, autonomous wire-controlled enterprises are approaching opportunities for development. The road map for an electric car smart chassis sets the country's development goals, with the overall goal of achieving a first-class water, industry-led and technological development by 2030. In particular, by 2025, it will contain an autonomous brand-line control motion and a wire-control shift.
By 2030, the entire car and parts enterprise with an autonomous smart chassis and cable enforcement will have an initial branding effect; the smart chassis will be internationally advanced and critical.
Technology indicators will reach international leadership; smart chassis will form a complete chain of autonomous controlled industries; and internationally competitive enterprises will be fostered.
Figure 65: Target planning for our cable control system Table 19: Distribution of the products of major domestic and foreign manufacturers
An unobox brake system solution with highly integrated, compact and comprehensive features. It includes basic braking aids, advanced braking functions, external braking functions (support to autopilot aces functions) and active security functions with the following advantages: 1) high response speed and accuracy. Pressure can be built in 150ms.
Up to 100 bar, pressure accuracy ~ 1 bar. 2) High energy recovery rate, which can transform some of the energy in the braking process, store and increase the mileage of electric vehicles by more than 20%. 3) System highly integrated, with light quantification and noise reduction, with an average noise value of less than 42db. 4) more rapid response, straight-flowing unpainted electric machines and functional security levels can be achieved
Sensors for asild. 5) has an electromagnetic valve with long-term high-flow power. 6) supports real-time communication by car controllers like Can, Canfd, Flexray, and powerful mechanical back-up brakes. Companies maintain technological leadership and product innovation, and ibs products continue to evolve: companies publish ibs-pro-products.
The ibs-evos and ibs-reds-red have been introduced successively. ibs-evos have been improved on the ibs-pro-products, are lighter and smaller, have less energy consumption than ibs-pros, and have more excellent mechanical back-up capabilities. ibs-reds-pro ' s redundancy programmes, which support more than 13.
It does not need an additional rbu module, which has a tight structure and high integration; it also has the advantage of faster, more accurate, more reliable, better noise-reducing, and less costly.
Figure 67: The company ' s ibs product series has an iterative upgrade map of 2.7 smart-class business - the company ' s active placement of a new track, the product line continues to be rich, the company captures the trend of intelligence and rapidly deploys smart-barrel components. In the midst of the wave of car intelligence and networking,
Consumers demand a higher degree of human-car intelligence interaction. In response to customer demand, companies have developed autonomously a variety of smart-class products, such as tubes, electrical tail doors, electric transfer doors and seat-comfort systems, with smart-class accommodation as a new income growth point for the future.
Based on many years of research and development, the company has successfully developed a vehicle intellectual side door system. The company's self-researched side door system is a new, more intelligent, secure and humane door system integrated. It has enabled the side door to be intelligent, sensitive, safe-proof, crash-and-bust functions that have significantly improved driving intelligence, safety and comfort.
Fitness. The core components of the intellectual side door system include the integration of the corresponding smart drive, intelligent controller, self-inhalation sublock, clamps, radar detection sensor systems and human interactive systems (e.g. face recognition, gesture recognition, etc.), in which the drive and the controller are self-researched and self-made by the company.
The company has built a strategic layout of the seat comfort system. Another recent result of the company's electronic car research and development system is the seat comfort system. Key components of the system include air bag modules, electromagnetic valves, inflated gas pumps, springs, and comfort system controllers.
Various client orders have been obtained for products such as the seat massage hips and controllers, and future revenues are expected to be phased in. Figure 70: Key components of the company seat comfort system: 2.8 Man-shaped robotics business - company active layout of the human robot joints
Human-shaped robots have an incomparable advantage as intelligent carriers, driven by a high tide of intimacy. The specific advantages are as follows: 1. Human-shaped robots return fast.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the average annual wage of non-private wage earners in China’s towns and cities was 11.4 million yuan in 2022. Thus, it was measured that businesses bought a single individual robot for a return period of between 3.28 and 3.75.
Human robots are universal and have a wide range of applications. Because of their sensory, interactive and behavioural abilities, as well as their physical appearance, human robots can adapt more easily to the human environment and can break the barriers between factory, family and commercial service scenes.
3. The cost of transforming the social environment is low and more cost-effective. Most of the robots in the past were specialized robots, operating only in a professional, fixed environment. If they were to be used on a large scale, they would need to be adapted to a wide range of environments, with high costs.
The human environment, which is less costly to transform, is more economically efficient. Year after year, human robots will initially achieve the goal of stable work and will be able to be used in manufacturing and industrial fields with a larger set of applications, but the application landscape remains single.
The ability to interact with motion, perception, and emotions will be significantly improved, as will the level of production and applications such as family and business uniforms. The third stage, by 2030, will be the ability of human robots to interact with each other and exercise control.
The latter affects the ability of human beings to interact, and then determines whether human robots can act autonomously, respond to humans in a rich way, and the future market for human robots is vast. According to gg11, by 2026, the global market for human machines will be more than $2 billion in service robots. By 2030, the global market is expected to be huge.
Weaking $20 billion. The human robot industry is still in its early stages, and the products have not yet been used on a large scale. The companies that have now released their products include Honda, Boston Power, Tesla, Quote, and Mi. As technology continues to evolve, the product is becoming more liberal and less costly, and it is hoped that it will be achieved in the near future.
The value of human robotic joints is higher than the whole machine. The human robot industrial chain is divided into three layers, up and down. The upstream is mainly a supplier of parts and software systems, and the center is a manufacturer of the body of human robots, and the downstream is a market for end-use applications of human robots, including medical care, family support, and so on.
The value of the core parts is highest and significant. The number of joints/freedoms in human robots is as high as 25-50, at a cost of up to 50% of the whole machine. For example, the typical products atlas, cyberone and optimus have their own roots of 28, 21 and 50, respectively.
The company splits up the robotics department, and the human robot implementer project is progressing well. Human robots are growing rapidly, and there is great scope for future market development. The company has seized the opportunity for human robots to develop, and has actively deployed robots to implement the product lines.
In addition, based on its development needs, the company established the Ministry of Robotics in July 2023 and invested in a plant in Mexico to expand its capacity to better meet the needs of its clients and to provide better quality products and services.
With the wave of electric intelligence, the head effect has gradually highlighted 3.1's strong R & D power to shape the firm's core competitiveness, and companies have always pursued R & D-led business strategies to increase R & D investment. Companies have focused on building systems, people.
The company has established research and development centres worldwide, including in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., to better serve its global clients. In addition, the company is committed to attracting domestic and international customers.
In recent years, the proportion of corporate R & D staff has stabilized at over 18%, while a research team of thousands of people, led by more than 100 Bosniacs and masters, has been set up. With strong R & D capabilities, they are deeply involved in the design phase of new vehicles in the mainframe plants.
In addition, the company has now grown into a very small number of Chinese suppliers with the capability to develop in tandem with the global mainframe, and was the first to join the global system for the purchase of parts and components for the entire vehicle. The company has been involved in large North American customers, BMW, Odi, Volkswagen, Chang An, Gilly, Biadey.
Synchronizing the development of multi-car-type cars at well-known global cars, Chirres, etc. This strategy enables companies to secure customer orders through simultaneous research and development, achieve deep bindings with the entire company's customers, effectively raise product prices, maintain R & D leadership, and build on strong self-research capabilities to expand high-end product lines.
The system-level synchronization of the product modules is moving towards research and development, with the capability for mechanical, electrical, and integrated software R & D integration, and with a large number of autonomous intellectual property rights, such as patents for inventions. For example, following technological breakthroughs in the ibs smart brakes system, the technology builds further on a comprehensive automobile electronics development system.
This system, without the need for external acquisition, involves the successful penetration of self-researched products into a number of high-end industrial areas, involving electric transition systems, active back-wheel systems, power-regulating tubes, heat management system pump valves, air overhang integration and control units, human robotic implementers, etc., in order to respond to the rapidly changing trends in the market and to meet the needs of tourists.
Figure 76: The company ' s self-research product has successfully reached several high-end industry areas, 7-man robotic implementers, 3-line control systems.
• Integration of the entire industrial chain • alignment with the transition to the system
Based on years of convergence with ibs projects in rubber decomposition, vacuum, and control of volc environmental protection
Deep technological accumulation, success, years of experience with pumps, R & D, company machinery, reduction
Development of a large number of applications for smart driving agencies, electric machines, electrical controls,
There are now air hangers, wire control systems in the field, software, and so on.
The development, development, etc., of the product lines of the system, including the electrical control system.
We've got more than a dozen more formal human-made robotics to do.
2 light-quantified chassis system 6 smart cabin system
4 thermal management systems • already in possession of light quantification systems • building on the depth of the electronics of automobiles
• Based on the high-strength steel and thick sediment associated with the module in the electronics field of automobiles, it has now been successful
The system, the company developed its own six major light alloys, developed a second-generation product, to mention it.
The seat comfort system, the electric tail door, through the process route, the physical side of the water supply, the side of the agent.
Full coverage of the system, the intellectual side door system, the current product line, integration programmes and heights
Products such as the special screen controller are at the top of the world 3.2 growing with the leading firms, fully enjoying the benefits of new energy-generation change.
Companies are expected to continue to deepen their partnerships with large North American clients. In the area of new energy vehicles, the company undertook a forward-looking approach, seized opportunities for new energy vehicles, officially became a supplier to large North American customers in August 2016, and started a long-term collaborative research and development (R & D) journey, gradually moving towards light-quantified chassis, heat management systems, interior features and shock-reducing devices.
Companies have fully benefited from the performance dividends of the rapid growth in sales by large North American clients in recent years, and sales are clearly on the rise. In the long run, we believe that the introduction of two products by leading producers to ensure overall safety and balance in the supply chain will be a definite trend, but the company is expected to rely on one) and the larger North American customers have established a trend.
Long-term stable cooperative relationships and bases of trust, 2) joint research and development of new technologies, new products, new models with large North American clients, 3) continued to occupy a prominent place in cooperation with large North American clients as a first-tier supplier with multiple advantages such as the ability to deliver on a scale and territorially, while ensuring timeliness and product quality stability.
3.3 Embrace industry by 4.0 and the company's digital transformation has shown remarkable results. In late 2021, the company officially launched a digital development and factory transformation strategy to effectively accelerate product development, improve product quality and improve production efficiency:
Digital development: Dfm (manufacturing engineering design) + virtual analogue digital open-up technology was applied at the start of the project. On the simulation platform, a team of customers, Topper and equipment providers used a visually clear 3d animation simulation to thoroughly examine the entire process of each production process, the detection process, logistics distribution, etc.
(b) Digital plants: integration of the concept of lean production with the technology of digital plants, full-scale digitalization of error prevention and production management;
A digital plant. The product enters the entire process of mes system control from the moment the raw material is stored. The mes system carries out fault-proof control over the production elements of each process, “human, mechanical, material, legal, ring, monitoring” according to the control plan.
In the light of the rapid global growth of new energy vehicles over the next few years, and taking into account the company’s continued expansion of product lines, the platform layout is basically shaped, and the amount of the bicycle support is close to $30,000.
In the medium and long term, the company is expected to benefit fully from the collaborative development of its clients by establishing strategic partnerships. (1) Bottom system operations: the company is a small number of parts of the world that have independently developed the chassis system module, while the company already has the high-strength steel and six major light alloys associated with the light-quantified chassis system module.
So, in conjunction with the company’s business on the bottom system (2) soundproof products: benefiting from the new rapid rotation of new energy vehicles and the new trend of increased concentration of suppliers, the public is going to be able to use the system for rapid release.
There is a clear trend towards the expansion of the interior apparel function, the increase in the value of the bicycle package, and this is accompanied by a rapid increase in the sales volume of the company's downstream customers, and an increase in the cost of the interior apparel business. Therefore, we anticipate (3) the seismograph business: the company's conservator business is now in the vanguard of the industry and benefits from the downstream customer-to-products business.
With high demand for goods, companies are expected to continue to use high capacity and achieve steady growth in operating income. We (4) Auto-electronics: the company’s auto-electronics mainly cover high-value-added auto-electronics and are part of the company’s transition to a technology-based enterprise with a future-oriented core business. The company will pump in an electronic vacuum.
With the high-asp air hangar system in place, bulk delivery and fast-track management operations in the smart cabin in the third quarter of 2023: benefiting from the rapid growth in the sale of new energy vehicles and the accelerated trend of integration of heat management.
The market demand for heat management systems is also growing rapidly, with the company’s heat management system products expanding from a major supply to large North American customers to leading new energy vehicles like Cyrus, Ideas, Biadey, Gilly.
With a view to achieving high growth rates, we expect the company's thermal management business to take over from 2023 to 2025 as a platform car parts supplier, now owns eight series of products in the area of steam zero, leading the industry, benefiting from the rapid release of the industry on a large scale, with a growth dimension.
We value companies using comparable corporate methods. Given the company’s current business of chassis intelligence, new energy vehicle heat management, air hangar systems, etc.
In order to be a leader in the industry, we have chosen the three leading companies, Bertley, Samurai and Paul, to be comparable companies. Three companies have an average of 31.42 per cent of their expectations of consistency in 2023. Given that companies, as flats, can take advantage of their product lines, R & D advantages, scale costs and financial advantages.
qstp (quality, services, technology, cost) combined advantages, and given the company ' s leading position in human robotic executives, we believe that the company achieved an average of 7,058,000 new vehicle sales in 2022, according to the Chinese Auto-Industry Association statistics, compared to three comparable companies.
The rapid growth of the new energy car market, 96.9 per cent and 93.4 per cent, respectively, attracted more enterprises to enter the new energy car parts and components industry or to expand the capacity of existing auto parts and components production enterprises, although companies now have a stronger capacity to develop new energy auto parts and components and high-quality customer resources.
Internationally renowned car manufacturers have established good business relationships, but if companies are not able to improve product competitiveness in a more competitive market in the future and increase the pace of new vehicle-type development in the entire factory, they will be exposed to management risks associated with the expansion of their operations in the future.
As a company expands rapidly in terms of assets and operations, it faces greater challenges in terms of internal personnel and business management. If the company’s future internal management fails to adapt to the expansion of operations, the organization and management systems fail to adapt and improve in a timely manner, the company will face greater management risks.
The risks associated with failing to maintain technological advantages R & D advantages and process capabilities are prerequisites for the rapid growth of a company's business. At present, while a company has gained a certain competitive advantage in this area by virtue of its technological advantages, it cannot adapt to technological innovation or R & D.
The demand of enterprises in the tourism sector, or the company ' s failure to provide products or services that meet its specific business and application areas in accordance with the needs of its customers, may weaken its competitive advantage in the industry and even face the possibility of technological backwardness, with adverse effects on the company ' s operating income and on the implementation of fund-raising investment projects.
The sales earnings of the company ' s top five clients from 2020 to 2022 as a proportion of the company ' s operating income for the current period, respectively, may have a significant adverse impact on the company ' s business operations and financial position, as a result of adverse changes in certification or diversion of major customers to other suppliers, for example, because of the quality or timeliness of product delivery.
At present, economic globalization has suffered a great deal, with anti-globalization thinking in some developed countries, increased trade protectionism, increased trade frictions and disputes, especially between China and the United States of America, which have had many negative effects on the export operations of domestic firms. From 2020 to 2022, the company earned 165,751.99 million yuan in offshore sales, and 2,761,024,000 yuan in foreign sales.
In the future, continued escalation of trade frictions between the countries concerned and China, restrictions on imports, exports, or tariff increases may have a significant negative impact on the export operations and business performance of companies. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to exercise portfolio investment consultancy, with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.