The Topper Group is a platformed component of eight major auto operations and robotics.
DG, covering the core parts of the entire vehicle and the human robotic industrial chain, binding the industry's poles to achieve rapid development of the Division: the company's automobile business includes the car nvh shock system, the interior and interior adornment system, vehicle light quantification, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air overhang system,
In addition, with the rapid development of robotics, the company recently set up a robotic department to fully cut into robotics. The company is able to cross hairs by binding industry taps.
At the same time, the company is actively pursuing its vision, calling on its clients, such as the public sector, the public sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector, the private sector and the private sector.
Short- and medium-term: Teslacybertuck delivers + Shanghai plant optimization + autonomous brand power, supporting company performance in 2024: company accompanies Teslacybertuck up to $12,000, accompanied by Teslacybertruk delivery and expansion of capacity, support company industry
The performance continues to improve. In addition, the Shanghai Tesla plant was fast-tracked for phase II, with 13.7, 48.4, and 711,000 units delivered between 2020 and 2022, respectively, and the Shanghai Tesla plant is expected to remain in 2024 as the production process is optimized and the plant is upgraded.
There is about 20% capacity growth. In addition, companies have signed strategic cooperation agreements with new power cars like Ideals, Veterans, Quakers, and others, in which the ideal, part of the world is expected to be worth more than $10,000, and with the new power cycle coming up, sales are expected to grow steadily in 2024.
Medium- and long-term: Tesla Global Growth + New Mexican Plant Landing + Human Robotic Space Wide Wide + Tier 0.5 Model Multi-Operation Resonance, Medium- and Long-term Potential of the Company: Tesla Global New Energy Motors, 3 Phases of Shanghai Plant Expected + Berlin Plant Expansion +
Mexican factories have landed, and we expect a total production capacity of 4.45 million in 2025. Companies continue to collect $4,453 million and carg 22.92% from overseas, and the company’s overseas operations are expected to grow further with the introduction of Mexican industrial plants.
The new forces of vehicle l9pro, all new es6 and subsequent new cars continue to be launched, and the new forces of North America, rivian, Tupou Group: lead the territorial waters to the world and open the door to multi-wheels of outlook, and the Lacid and others benefit from the ira bill, which lifts the limit of 200,000 single-car companies tax credits.
New internal and external forces are expected to grow in tandem. Tesla’s global growth + new plant landing + human machine + multi-operational resonance of the global market model +tier0.5, medium- and long-term potential of the company.
Top Group: Lead the territorial sea to the world, open the horizon. Top Group: Lead the territorial sea to the world, open the horizon. Top Group: Lead the territorial sea to the world, open the horizon.
Automobiles form a multi-enterprise cluster with robust profit growth, chassis operations are the cornerstone, expanding from nvh to nine major lines of business, and the Top Group is a platform-based component leader with eight major car modules.
The company’s eight business plates cover the whole of the car’s key parts, becoming the world’s leading tier 0.5 platform supplier. The company’s main business includes car nvh shock system, interior and interior adornment system, light weighting, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air hangar system, smart driving system eight business plates, for customers.
Robots are one of the most promising emerging industries in today’s society, and robots can be widely applied to such scenarios as intelligent manufacturing, medical care, services, etc. to free the workforce and thereby improve the quality of human life.
According to institutional projections, hundreds of millions of jobs around the world will be replaced by robots by 2030, with a global robotics industry of up to 100 trillion yuan in size and a huge market space. In the context of the rapid technological development of the i and population ageing, the robotic industry is approaching a rapid period of development. In July 2023, the company created the Robotics Department, which is focused on business through the consolidation of niche resources.
Business development provides strategic security. Chart 1 forms the 8+1 line of operations. Company continues to improve the scope of its automobile parts and components based on its Nvh operations. Company established the Topnvh Research and Development Centre in 2001.
In 2013, the company took the lead in the domestic production of electronic vacuum pumps for the integrated products of machine and electricity; in 2014, it produced lightly quantitative products, aluminium-building control arm; in 2015, it was listed on a roll-out roll; in 2016, the company became a supplier to Tesla; and in 2017, it acquired Fordonna and acquired technology for a complete set of system-related products, including the staircases of former co-cars, the backbridges, the stubble arms, the control arm, etc.
The construction of the Texla Shanghai factory was completed in 2020, the company supplied Model3 and Modely with a complete chassis system, the company's sales and receipts were rapidly increased, and the company's heat management operations and the suspended plant were officially launched in the same year.
Chart 2 has developed its course of acquisition of Fordonna, and it's established nvh R & D.
We're building a North American technology research program with light-quantities of production, off-line integration.
The Topper Group officially became the center and entered the front side rack.
Aluminium-based control arm, Tesla's supplier.
We're going to try and make a ptuopu wrench.
The company builds on the Nvh product and develops the interior and external appliance products, the chassis lightly quantified products, the electronics of cars, integrated castings, heat management, the aerodrome, etc., of which the Nvh convulsionation unit is worth about $500, the internal and external apparel package is worth about $3,000, the bottom plate is about $5,000, and the heat management business is about $5,000.
It's worth $3,000, it's worth $6000-100000, and it's worth $30,000.
The company’s product class is gradually becoming rich, and the new product collection continues to grow. In 2016, the company collected $3,891 million, the most rapid increase in public product revenue in 2022, with a lightly quantified revenue of $251 million at the end of 2016, and the acquisition of the Fordona side rack business in 2017, further refining the bottom-plate system product line to form the “aluminium alloy + high-intensity steel” layout, with significant synergies, and a lightly quantified bottom industry.
Top Group: Draws the territorial sea to a global level, opening up a multi-round outlook. Growth in revenue drives the growth of net profits at the mother level, and the Māori rate continues to fluctuate. Corporate costs are well controlled and lower at a steady rate, subject to higher prices for raw materials, lower demand in the car industry. Corporate costs are steadily increasing as companies expand and develop their products.
The annual cost is 18.15 per cent. But, thanks to the company ' s excellent cost control, the overall cost rate has declined steadily, with the Topper Group 2016-2022: leading the territorial sea to the global level, opening up multiple rounds of vision, strategic capture of core clients, and cutting into Tesla to make it back.
From 2012 to 2014, the company was the top customer of the company, with revenues stable at around 25%. Shanghai was the top three vehicles sold in the country at the time.
The company managed to catch up with competitors and consolidate its position within the industry, increasing its revenue from $1.692 billion in 2011 to $2.737 billion in 2014, bringing carg to 27%. During this period, the company was ranked first in the country for its rubber shock products and sixth in the country for soundproof products.
From 2014 to 2018, there was a clear national substitute for the domestic car market, and between 2016 and 2020, as the number of packages, products, and passenger cars increased, Gill went beyond upper gas to become the company’s top customer. In 2018, it reached 1.5 million car sales, with companies earning $2.25 billion, or 38.7% of total revenue.
Driven by cars, company revenues rose from $3.94 billion in 2016 to $5.98 billion in 2018 and from 25.8 per cent in 2016 to 2018, with the present Tesla business harvest accounting for nearly 40 per cent of the company ' s revenues and a robust growth of Tesla sales opening up a completely new corporate growth curve. In 2021, Tesla business received 36.36 per cent of the company ' s total, Tesla business received 38.60 per cent in 2022.
The growth in Tesla's sales is robust and is expected to continue to contribute to the company, along with the upgrading of Tesla's Shanghai plant and the acceleration of Berlin's production, with Tesla's annual sales expected to hit 2 million vehicles in 2023, and Tesla's rapid growth in sales to open up a completely new growth curve for the Group.
Tupou Group: Leading the territorial waters to the global level, opening up multi-wheels of vision Tesla is the company’s current and important client, helping the company to achieve cross-cutting development. Tupou Group has been entering Tesla’s industrial chain since 2016, with the creation of the Tesla Shanghai plant and its accompanying products becoming increasingly rich.
On August 24, Tupou Group issued an announcement stating that on August 23, 2016, the company received the Supply Agreed Point (Collaborative Agreement) signed by Tesla, the United States, stating that the company was accredited to supply Tesla with products. Tupou Group officially became Tesla's supplier and the industrial product was a light-quantified aluminium alloy chas for use in Teslamodel3 vehicles.
In December 2019, the first national product, model3, was delivered, and in 2020, the first national product, Modely. During this period, the Tupou Group’s package in Tesla was also enriched, increasing from its initial aluminum arm to a shock absorber, light-quantified chassis, interior parts, etc. The heat management system, which was extended from automobile electronics, was also introduced into the Tesla chain of industry in 2021.
The company tier 0.5 service model has been very effective, providing one-stop shops with large clients at its centre. The Topper Group's cooperative concept of “quick response, full cooperation” has centred on the one-stop, modular, system-level product and solution supplier model for large clients. 1) One-stop: as the automobile industry competes more, the new vehicle rollout cycle has been significantly shortened, and one-stop service can reduce synchronous development and availability.
The company provides Tesla with four broad categories of products, such as tremors, interior features, light-quantified floors, disks, heat management, etc., to facilitate rapid expansion of production at its Shanghai plant. 2) Modularization: power system changes make it easier for electric cars to make modular production easier, modularization reduces the number of bom tabletier 1 and makes it easier for spare parts enterprises with modular supply capabilities.
The company Tesla provides Tesla with modules such as light-quantified chassis, heat management, etc. to Tesla. 3) System-level: In the age of smart cars, the core elements of the competition of whole-car firms shift from hardware to software capabilities and ecosystems. When the whole car is focused on software, there is an urgent need to integrate upstream resources between Tier 1 and the entire car, and to provide system-level solutions for downstream car enterprises.
Topper Group: Lead the territorial sea to the world, opening up a multi-round vision Chart 12 Topper Group provides a one-stop modular system-level service with a full-scale setup of Tesla, supplying interior and interior accessories, chassis and heat management system components. The company entered Tesla in 2016.
In 2019, the company completed the first phase of a factory in Shanghai, Tesla, where it gave Tesla a package of products, such as extension plates, interiors, etc. We expect the company to produce Tesla accessories, including roofs, mats, caps, carpets, interior and interior accessories, control arms, turnovers, structural parts, etc. We expect the company to produce a modely car.
Into the Tesla global system, we provide domestic, North American, and European Tesla factories. We expect companies to provide interior and interior accessories, surface light quantification and heat management components for the Shanghai Tesla Super Plant, as well as for Germany and Germany through overseas plants and exports.
In North America, Tesla provides a package for the main German heat management system and interior and for the extraneous interior and interior parts of Tesla. In the future, with higher prices for cybertrak production, the company's bicycles are expected to add further.
Tesla’s contribution to operations continued to rise, and the company’s revenue grew rapidly. In 2021, Tesla’s contribution to operations accounted for 36.36 per cent of the Tops Group’s revenues, in 2022 for Tesla’s operations, 38.6 per cent, and in 2022 for Tesla’s operations, which showed a significant upward trend.
Topper Group: As the territorial sea moves to a global level, opening up multiple rounds of outlook, the share of income from overseas operations continues to rise, while foreign-currency financial assets are expanding and growing in tandem.
The company’s foreign-currency financial assets grew gradually as its overseas operations grew, and the company’s foreign-currency financial assets from 2017 to 2022 matched the people
Drive 1: Teslacybertruck is delivered, production capacity continues to release cybertrack's hard-line high-end electric pickups, and 2023 is delivered. According to Tesla, the cybertruck car casings are extremely durable and passenger-protective, from super-hard 30x cold-rolled steel structures to Tesla's armored system.
Cybertuck's body is made of excellent material, smooth monochromatic skeletons overstretched with super-hard casings that help to withstand dents, damage, and long-term corrosion, and effectively protect the driver. Cybertuck has up to 3,500 pounds of effective load capacity and air-resilient hangars, with an external storage space of up to 100 cubic feet.
And cybertuck has a strong pull power and a drag capacity of up to 14,000 pounds to deal with most of the scenes. The Tesla website shows that cybertuck is planning to start delivery at the end of the third quarter, which we expect to achieve by the end of September 2023, and we expect cvbertuck to deliver 3, 240,000 and 360,000, respectively, between 2023 and 2025.
The first cybertuck is offline in Texas, and the current order is more than 1.9 million. In July 2023, the foreign media reported that Tesladkska had its first appearance, that production had begun three years later, and that development had been delayed several times. We expect that Teslacybertrack pickups will be officially released at the end of the third quarter of 2023 and will deliver small quantities in four quarters.
Slavbertuck has now received more than 1.9 million orders. Top Group: leading the territorial sea to a global perspective, opening up multi-wheels of outlook. Top Group bicycles are expected to be worth 12,000, and cybertrack sales have contributed to an increase in performance.
Ten thousand vehicles. Tesla has sent a demand to the supplier of the cybertuck project, requesting that the supplier plan to produce 375,000 cybertucks per year. We expect the Tupou Group to produce Teslacybertruck packages of interior and interior accessories, chassis systems, heat management systems, and the value of the bicycle packages is expected to reach 12,000 when compared to the new model/y kits, dashboards, etc.
Diagram 26 teslacybertruk Chart 27 Teslacybertruk Auxiliary Class Measurement Drive 2: The renovation of Shanghai port plant is ongoing and 2024 capacity still has room for upscaling
Tesla's second phase of the project was fast-tracked, with capacity to climb the slopes quickly. In July 2018, Tesla signed an investment agreement with the Shanghai Municipality and the Shanghai Commission and the Hong Kong Group for a pure electric car project, in January 2019, a foundation ceremony for the Chinese factory in Tesla, and in January 2020, the national production of Model 3 was officially delivered. In January 2021, Tesla announced the launch of the Shanghai II project, and in February 2020, the Shanghai factory's second main structure began.
Construction construction, official delivery of the national product Modely in 2021. With the accelerated construction of the Tesla project, capacity growth was rapid, with the delivery of 13.7, 48.4, and 711,000 units from the Tesla Shanghai plant in 2020 to 2022.
In 2023, investors moved to Tesla, saying that the volume of motory body parts would continue to decrease, and that the next generation of new cars would be based on the process. Dismantling the vehicle into parts, increasing production efficiency from a temporal and temporal perspective by 30%, would and could be combined with sequence assembly and parallel assembly.
For example, interiors are assembled from the bottom to the top, operating different parts at the same time. The Tesla side has repeatedly stressed that eventually the whole car will only need to be assembled once.
The Shanghai Super Plant is expected to expand its annual production capacity to 110-1.2 million, with a potential expansion of broad-based capacity in terms of sub-spills. Tesla Superwork is expected to have completed the re-engineering of production lines in 2022, and, if the re-engineering is completed, the production of Model3 would have reached 1,000-1200 units per day, while the re-engineering of the Modery line would have reached around 2200 units per day.
The annual capacity of Shanghai Super Plants will expand to around 1.2 million and the output of 2023H1Tsla Shanghai Plants will be about 476,000, and we expect 1 million vehicles to be produced throughout the year in 2023, and there will be about 20% of growth in 2024 compared to 2023 in the Shanghai Tesla Plant in the absence of three phases of construction.
Topper Group: Lead the territorial sea to a global perspective, opening up a multi-round vision for a new three-phase plant in Tesla Shanghai, planning for a million productive units, with high expectations for expansion. The new three-phase plant in Shanghai, located on the south side of the existing plant, was scheduled to start in May 2021, but the land shoot was suspended by the government and has been delayed to date, but the new three-phase project in Shanghai has never been terminated.
According to Bloomberg, Tesla’s new three-phase expansion plan was scheduled to start in mid-2023, when the plant’s capacity would rise to 2 million. In May 2023, according to Tesla’s environmental assessment, a possible expansion would raise the annual power system capacity of Shanghai’s plant to 1.75 million units.
In terms of capacity, we assume that it will produce 1 million vehicles per year, crawl in two stages, for the production of new platform models, and that it is expected to produce 2 million vehicles per year for the post-construction Shanghai plant. Driver 3: The new power is growing at a higher rate with the asp, and the support company is growing at a more diversified level.
The company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Ideals, Uranus, and the client structure continued to be optimized. On 15 November 2022, the Automotive announced that at the Hangzhou Bay manufacturing base of the Ningbotup Group, the company signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with the Ningbotup Group.
There is a multi-dimensional strategic collaboration between products such as the chassis system, light weight quantification, heat management systems, interior and interior accessories systems, and the Nvh shock mitigation system.
The sales volume of the new power is expected to grow faster, and the performance of the support company will rise further. The ideal gas location is accurate, and the sub-sufficient sub-areas of the household are currently listed in the product sequence, which includes a high-profile number of 1.7, 1.8, and 1.9 medium-sized suv. The sales volume is 2.8, 3.3, and 34,000 in May-July 2023, respectively, and is expected to be sold in the second quarter of 2023, according to the content of the desired performance release session for the second quarter of 2023, with a single-month sales volume for the fourth quarter of 2023.
A total of 40,000 vehicles will be launched in the near future, and sales are expected to increase. In the near future, the market will be on the market at es6 and et5t, with further growth in net 2.0 coverage. We expect the year 2023-2025 to be a year of ideal sales.
Figure 34 Number of ideal vehicle models sold (in thousands) Figure 35 Number of vehicles sold (in thousands)
The value of the new power supports the company’s performance has increased even further. On November 15, 2022, the ideal car and the Ning Botup Group signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation. The ideal car works closely with the Topper Group in the areas of bottom-plate systems, heat management, and interior and interior apparel.
The company has signed strategic agreements, mainly with aluminium alloys and earthquake-resilient products, for example, aluminium alloys, chassis, heat management, etc., for which we expect to have a maximum of over $20,000 in single-car packages, and the Tupou Group is expected to provide air lift and line control for the Mi-car.
Top Group: Lead the territorial sea to the world, open the horizon, clear the medium- and long-term potential, multi-round resonance period of the global market, drive 1: Tesla global growth, capture the core alpha long-term drive.
Tesla’s global sales have continued to rise, and the Great Race has continued to grow. In 2017, Tesla’s global new energy vehicle penetration rate was only 8.7%, and in 2017, the q4 penetration rate was only 6.9%, and it was at an all-time low of nearly seven years. Since the beginning of 2018, Tesla’s global new energy vehicle penetration rate has continued, with a single-season increase of 16.4% and 0.9 pcts, with a circular growth of 3.9 pcts.
The Tesla model was gradually refined, and Top was involved in the wave. Tesla announced its future product matrix on Investor Day 2023, adding three new models, one for compact vehicles, one for vans, one for vans, and one for buses.
Type of vehicle, according to the third chapter of Tesla's ambitious plan, the target sales for this type of vehicle are 48 million, double the volume of Model3/y. It accounts for 50% of Tesla's sales. The sales for bus type and van type are projected to be 10/10 million, respectively.
Figure 41 Tesla's model is projected to increase the annual capacity of both super-plants to 500,000 in 2025. We expect Chinese factories to land and contribute to production in 2025, when Shanghai plants will grow to 2 million. Mexican factories, according to foreign sources, are the best in Mexico.
In summary, Tesla is expected to achieve the annual delivery target of nearly 15 million vehicles by 2030. Tesla describes in chapter 3 of the ambitious blueprint that Tesla plans to increase the annual vehicle delivery to 20 million vehicles by 2030, based on a delivery of 1.31 million vehicles in 2022 and 2022-2030.
The capacity corresponds to a delivery of 4.01 million vehicles. With reference to Tesla's plan, and in the context of historical expansion of capacity, we conservatively expect it to be delivered in 2030.
Figure 44 Tesla 2022-2030 Delivery (millions) Topper Group global plant construction continues to advance, and Tupou is responding quickly to the local layout. The Tupou group has now achieved global deployments in Europe, Asia, South America, North America, and four major manufacturing centres in Malaysia, Poland, Brazil, Mexico, China (Ning).
Bo, Shanghai, Shenzhen, the six major technology research and development centres in the United States, Sweden and the United States have continued to respond quickly to customers’ needs on an overseas basis. Of these, Poland’s Bo Znan plant was invested in 2020, providing a heat management package for the Berlin Tesla Super Plant.
In order to create industrial parks, Mexican factories are expected to significantly reduce tariff costs by approximating the clients of the major mainframe plants in the North American region.
The new plan also includes water recycling facilities, new logistics areas, additional battery storage areas, solar roofs, and so-called “solar roof recharge” projects.
The first phase, if approved, will be operational in the first half of 2024.
Chart 47 Tsla Berlin Plant Expansion Plan Top Poland is fully equipped and is expected to benefit from the expansion of the Berlin Tsla plant. Tslanning Botup Group, Inc., issued an announcement on 1 December 2020 that it had decided to invest in Poland to further improve the global production profile to meet customer order requirements.
The Polish plant has a fully-owned subsidiary in Warsaw, Poland, which rents approximately 32,000 square metres of customized plants, produces side-loaded car products, invests a total of 30 million Euros in the -Polish project, plans to supply 500,000 chassis products per year to the clients of the new energy mainframe plant in Germany, which contains production processes such as cauldling, welding, electrosming, assembly, etc., with independent offices and laboratories.
On 29th, the company issued a public announcement to increase investment in Polish affiliates, known as meeting productive capacity needs, reducing logistics costs, and increasing the response speed, and the company intends to increase its investment in Tupou to no more than 30 million euros from its own or self-financed funds.
It is hoped that the process of globalization in Tesla will continue to benefit.
Tupou Group: Lead the territorial sea to a global level, opening up a multi-wheeled vision: (ii) Drive 2: North American market next city, Fallson Monterrey opened the North American market with a law on the elimination of the single-manufacturer subsidized vehicle ceiling, the North American electric vehicle market with a larger cycle: from January 2023 with the elimination of the current one
A single car company with a sales subsidy cap of US$ 7,500/car tax credit and a new second-hand car subsidy of US$ 4,000 could be re-subsidized for Tesla, General, Toyota, etc.: But at the same time, it would be more difficult for the company to get a subsidy of US$ 7,500.
The Tesla Mexico factory is about to land, and Tesla’s chain of industries is expected to hit a second growth curve. On March 1, at the investors’ conference, Mask announced the construction of Tesla’s fifth super factory in Mexico, which plans to produce the next generation of new cars, and its pre-annual capacity.
One million vehicles, to be upgraded to 2 million later, are expected to be produced in 2024. Tesla continues to expand its capacity, and we expect that the platform will produce more than 5 million vehicles per year between 2023 and 2025. Moreover, with the support of trade agreements, Mexico has become an important supplier of automobile production in North America, making it an important strategic arrangement for the overseas market.
Top Group: Lead the waters to the world and open the wheels of vision.
In September 2022, the company announced that it had set up a new wholly-owned company, Tupou Group Mexico Limited, in Mexico, and that it was planning to purchase industrial land for the construction of new energy car parts and components in Mexico, mainly for products such as light-quantified chassis, interior systems, heat management systems and robotics.
The Tupou Group Mexico Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the Department, signed the Land Transfer and Industrial Park Services Agreement for approximately 220 acres of industrial land located in the State of Nuevo León, Mexico, at a cost of $8.6541 million, for the construction of a vehicle spare parts production base. Currently, the company ' s first Mexican plant, 220 acres, is accelerating implementation and is expected to be installed by the end of the year and will be operational in 2024.
Figure 54 Tuppet Group announcement for the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary in Mexico, Figure 53 Location of the State of León, Mexico.
The announcement by Ningbotup Group, Inc. on the establishment of a fully-owned subsidiary in Mexico, the board of directors and the entire board of directors of this company assures that there is no false or misleading statement on the contents of this announcement.