Selective consumption of automobiles and auto parts Broad group sales rating: solar system growth robust, autonomous reduction narrow Events: Company release of September production and sales data: Volatile group totals 189,000 vehicles, year-on-year
Tens of thousands of vehicles, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same year; 34,000 vehicles sold autonomously, a decrease of 22 per cent over the same year; and 0.6 million vehicles sold by Foofey, a decrease of 39 per cent over the same year.
Inverse growth in volume. Wide abundance and vastness have continued to expand their share of the market during a period of low volatility in the city, mainly because consumer consumption has become more rational and contributes to the growth of the year’s main vehicle, which is more expensive than maintenance and higher-valued passenger vehicles.
It's a new cycle. Wide autonomy has been reduced in the last two months by total equity/flow (millions of shares) and product conversions are expected in the second half of the year. Gs8 and gs4 have been re-established.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) rises back and forth. In quality management and inventory management, timely adjustments have been made, the group’s high priority has been given to pass-through development, and we expect better sales in the future.
BONG (601238) " BONG " : Performance meets expectations, new energy flagship, BONG (601238) [Pacific Car]
BG: Craft Sculpture, Solar Flying - 2019/07/26 BG (601238) " BG: Day "
It's a persistently negative growth, a fall in autonomous brands, and a few comments from the crowding group: performance meets expectations, and the new energy flagship model is well-positioned.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.