The company’s performance has grown steadily, driven by the energy-loading landscape, and its operations have grown into a core pillar of operations. In the first half of 2025, the company’s storage capacity was increased to 109gwhh in the first half of the year, an increase of 68% in the same year, with the company’s storage capacity.
In Europe, the Americas, the Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, where mature electricity markets are widely used, the global competitive industries are leading, with company storage operations accounting for 40.89% of total revenues, and for the first time exceeding the invertor as a central pillar. The photovoltaic inverter is growing robustly, deepening the global landscape.
52 weeks top/minimum price 1.9 pct. New photo-voltage machines were added worldwide by 60% in the first half of 2025 as a result of an outbreak of domestic demand in China, and companies continued to improve the global layout, adding codes to Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, and the rest of the world.
In East and Central Africa, and in China, the global competitiveness and impact of light-volatile inverters has continued to rise. New energy development operations have seen a small drop in revenue, and Māori rates have increased by the same amount.
This is 1.2 pct. With a small drop in revenue, an increase in the Māori rate or mainly a long cycle, and high Māori projects, companies have accumulated a global build-up of more than 57gw photovoltaic and wind power plants, with wind power and photovoltaics entering a smooth growth cycle, the company’s new energy development business will grow steadily.
The company has been working on electronic power technologies for many years, continuously crossing borders and successfully building high-quality multi-power electronics products. The company's technology has accumulated, is well-suited to the technology of the aidc power source and has set up a subsidiary in May 2025 to run the aidc power supply business.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz) - The company's contract for the world's maximum storage energy project is expected to result in the future company's commitment to building a one-stop solution for "photovoltaic power-storage-aidc power supply." Sunshine Power (300274.sz) - National Augmentation and Distribution Networks for Distribution Photovoltaic Ambulance
Sunshine Power (300274.sz) - the amount of light stored continues to increase, planning to split sunlight Investment proposals: adjust profit forecasts to maintain better ratings than large markets. Companies are global dragons in the light-storage industry.
Sunshine Power (300274.sz) - Keeps the light storage up, shows the brightest performance. The head of the firm, benefiting from the growth of downstream demand, will do a steady job. Based on the high demand for global storage capacity, we raise corporate profitability projections, and we expect the company to return to its motherhood in 2025-2027.
Lithium storage, with an additional capacity of 109gwhh, increased by 68 per cent from the previous year, has been widely used in mature electricity markets such as Europe, the Americas, the Middle East and Asia and the Pacific, with the global competitive sector leading, with company storage operations accounting for 40.89 per cent of total revenues in the first half of 2025, and moving beyond the inverter to become the core income pillar for the first time.
The photovoltaic inverter has grown steadily and continues to deepen the global landscape. In the first half of 2025, the company’s photovoltaic inverter business achieved revenues of 15,327 million yuan, an increase of 17.06 per cent over the previous year; and the Maori rate of 35.74 per cent, a decrease of 1.9 pt over the same year.
With 60% long, the company continues to improve the global layout, adding code to the markets of Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, Central and East Africa, and China, and the global competitiveness and impact of the photovoltaic converter continues to rise. New energy development operations have seen a small drop in revenues, and the Māori rate has risen.
The development business generated $8.398 billion, a 6.22 per cent decline in the same year, and a Māori rate of 18.06 per cent, an increase of 1.2 ptt over the same year. The small drop in revenue, an increase in the Māori rate, or a rise in the ratio of high Māori projects, which is mainly a long cycle, has led to a slight lag in the pace of corporate development.
With wind power and light voltage moving into a smooth growth cycle, the company’s new energy source development business will grow steadily. To capture a new track, the company plans aaidc power supply.
The company's technology has accumulated, is well-suited to the technology of the aidc power source, and a subsidiary was set up in May 2025 to operate the aidc power source business, and will in the future work on a one-stop solution for "photovoltaic power-storage-aidc power supply".
Investment proposals: Adjusting profit projections to maintain a “better than the big market” rating that companies, as global leaders in the light-storage industry, will benefit from rising downstream demand, with steadily rising performance. Based on the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author