Increased performance of light-store taps and continued deepening of the global layout - Sunshine Power (300274.sz) 25h1 performance rating Sunshine Power (stock code: 300274.sz)
On the product side, 25h1 recently released the poweritan 3.0ac intellectual storage platform, the first of the 10 mwh all-liquid cold storage systems.
Powertitan 2.0 is widely used worldwide, powerstack 255cs system capacity is upgraded to 257kwh. We believe that large European and business reserves are increasing, that US storage capacity is more rigid and downside than expected, that domestic compulsory stocking policies have been eliminated and that corporate global marketing channels and service networks have developed in a value-driven manner.
Reversers are well developed, new energy development is restored, and electricity electronics, such as 25h1 light-voltage converters, have a global initial power of 400kw+sg465hx and a global first-lead split model.
+x2.0 to meet network needs. 25h1 new energy investment generated $8.398 billion, corresponding to -6.22 per cent, representing 19.29 per cent, Māori 18.06 per cent, +1.18 pcts, showing a decline in revenue from the same time, mainly due to the impact of the 136th document, and the increase in Māori rate largely benefited from increased wind farm openings by companies.
Deepening overseas production and marketing, which account for about 60% of overseas revenues. 25h1 Overseas regional revenues, and improved outreach and channels in emerging markets such as the Americas and Central and East Africa. Firm corporate globalization strategies, overseas light.
Home service outlets and hundreds of important channels partners are selling their products to more than 100 countries around the world. Investment proposals: As a light-store leader, companies deepen the global production and distribution of electricity, and continue to roll out electricity. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
This report is provided to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients as recipients of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.