Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) of luminous converter operations: robust business growth, new product-led industry development
Compared to the trend of 300 depths, the company’s prices in the first half of 2025 generated $15.327 billion, yoy+17.06%, in the markets of East Africa and China. The U.S. market was delivered by Thai factories at a normal pace.
During the period, the first global 400kw+ cluster inverter sg465hx and split modular inverter 1+x2.0 continued to lead industrial technological innovation.
Power. The future of photovoltaic power will continue to be an important complement to the European and American markets, with intermittent energy sources that need to be stored, energy that needs to be stored, energy that needs to be stored, and energy that is to be used to supplement energy, both of which are mutually reinforcing. The US wind and light storage market will remain an important market for companies, which will respond positively to policy changes.
• Aidc: The new business layout has accelerated, creating a third growth pole, and the company relies on the accumulation of technology in the field of power conversion into the Aidc market, with a focus on overseas high-end markets. The company has set up the Aidc Enterprise, a full-scale layout of Aidc, which is going to be straight in the future.
Fluid microgrids provide innovative programmes, including high and low voltage sides and inside power sources. Global light storage demand is less than expected; corporate orders are not delivered as expected; overseas trade policy changes are taking place.
Industry leaders, 25q1 performance expectations 2. Storage systems are growing, global competitiveness is strong, information on legal compliance is used, the present report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.