Half-yearly, the performance of the storage system has grown rapidly, Sunshine Power (300274), half-yearly, 2025, the company's performance in the first half of the year has improved, and profitability has improved.
Corporate R & D investment has grown significantly and global competitiveness has continued to rise. In the first half of 2025, companies developed a global branding strategy with a deep focus on segmenting markets, taking full advantage of the global marketing, services and supply chains, and companies expanded their markets in Europe, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, East and Central Africa, and China, already in the sea.
Over 20 branches and more than 60 representative offices have been built, products are being sold to more than 100 countries and regions around the world, and global competitiveness and influence have continued to rise. In the first half of 2025, companies repounded two inverters, with a global first-rate power of 400kw+sg465hx.
The main data, August 27, 2025, and the Global First Sub-Cluster Modular Inverter 1+x2.0, create the "All-weather Economy, Full-Sight, Secure, Full-Linked, Full-cycle Intellectual-View, Full-Web Situation Network" 5a integration system solution.
The company’s high power group of reversors, sg320hx, 1+x modular inverters, has gained further extensive application in a variety of global scenarios. The company’s landmark offline project for the Saudi luxury vacation complex, Maala (165mw light-voltage inverter +160mw/760mwh energy storage system) is steadily being implemented.
Roe(ttm) is now delivered, and the photovoltaic reverse transformer provided for the 5300-metre-highest global photovoltaic station, the Yunnan Qing Wagenaco project, is already in steady operation. At the same time, the micro-reverse system issued by the company is heavily weighed.
The balconies have also been rapidly developing in Europe and around the world, and the home-based solar luminous and home-greening landscapes have been used; the home-wise energy manager ihomemanager, with its great advantages of flexibility, speed, intelligence and efficiency, has created a global home-based green electronomy and a very simple new wind.
In 2024, the global storage system delivered 28gwhh, which generated $17.803 billion, and in the first half of 2025, the company recently released its Poweritan 3.0ac intellectual storage platform, launching flex.
Pages 10F3.45mwh, class version 20F6.9mwh, plus version 30F12.5mwh model, using 684ah stack cores, carbonated silicone pcs, on board Power Trade support decision-making software, Powerdoctor smart-wire platform, continuing the ac storage structure advantage,
The plus version has the highest energy density of 500 kwh/m2 in the world today. The company’s first “Direct Flow One” 10mwh full-blown cold storage system, Powerititan 2.0, is widely used worldwide, contributing to the autonomous storage power station at the Bay of Litaire, the side storage power station for the Konsanlongtente steel user, Lake Chirre.
The first power storage station in the automobile industry, the power storage power station on the side of the Shandong Yang grid, the largest storage power station in Central Asia, Uzbekistan, etc., is operating steadily; the company's industrial and commercial launch of 10/20kv large industrial scenes, Powerstack 835cs, is also high on steel, metallurgy, automobiles, chemicals, etc.
There is no safety incident in all participating storage projects, and there is no security incident on FM.
Broad application experience has been accumulated in such areas as peaks, grid-connected renewable energy, micro-grids, business and household storage.
Innovation upgrades to deepen the global market layout are expected to further expand the global lead. Note: “Market index” of this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes; and a three-board guide for the three new frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.