(a) Reverser business: as global photovoltaic demand increases steadily, taking into account firm global shares, superimposed
With the fast growth in demand and the company taking a lead in increasing competition, it is expected that the company’s 25-27 years of storage operations will be different from the general public’s perception that: (1) it has high sea barriers, superimposed domestic market-based reforms, and the company’s Māori performance is expected to be higher than expected. The market is worried that the photovoltaic invertors and storage internals will decrease. We believe that 1) the company’s Māori ratio will gradually decline.
The pattern has been more stable, and the company’s profitability has been more stable. In 2024, the volume of global photovoltaic inverters was saturated with sunlight, total equity/circulation (millions) in the second and second places in the tenth consecutive year of power supply, with two households together accounting for more than 50% of the global inverter market.
Competition patterns in major overseas markets are generally stable, and the domestic market is expected to be further optimized. As China’s electricity market is moving forward, stock prices compare to the depth of 300 indexes in the course of the year: stock availability will increase, downstream customers will demand more products, from just capex to more attention to opex, right?
Indicators of product safety, on-line efficiency, discharge efficiency, frequency of loops, etc. are more demanding and are expected to optimize the pattern further. (2) drama, where companies account for more than 50 per cent of their overseas operations, has a greater impact. (1) In the short term, we believe that the level of corporate valuation is still at a level that depends on the company’s combined strength, and that companies, on the one hand, will increase their research and development innovation and bind them in close collaboration with upstream grid companies.
Enhancing the capacity to integrate industrial chains; on the other hand, deep-farming global markets have developed marketing and service capabilities for 180+ countries, and have accumulated experience in the construction and operation of overseas factories, leading the industry in competition. (3)aidc
Strong demand has brought new growth poles to the energy-storage industry, and companies or profit-ai build-ups. The market does not fully anticipate the positive impact of the ai industry on companies. We anticipate: 1) Industry: the aidc industry chain is highly linked to the storage-energy chain, requires the use of equipment such as electric power, batteries, temperature control, etc., and the demand for the aidc boom has brought new growth poles to the storage-energy industry, which is expected to be estimated.
The value ceiling will be opened further. 2) Companies: Aaidc Enterprise has been set up and is working hard to develop the relevant products, and the potential of future aidc operations is to be expected.
Figure 6: Global generation of AI and non-generation AI servers Figure 7: Global data centres and AI data centres are expected to sustain energy consumption
Figure 8: Changes in United States policy or triggering a 25-year holdup.