A strong growth in storage capacity, and a new growth space opened up in layout Aidc — a dynamic study by Sunshine Power (300274.sz) — has led to steady growth in performance and increased profitability
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn is capable of more than doubling the growth and the inverter is growing steadily.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $15.3 billion in electrical and electronic conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic converters, an increase of 17 per cent in the same year, and a Māori rate of 35.74 per cent, a decrease of 1.88 pct in the same year; and a storage system revenue of $17.8 billion, an increase of 128 per cent in the same year and a Māori rate of 39.92 per cent in the same year.
The decline of 0.16 pct, which is largely stable in profitability, is largely due to the continued strength of global demand, coupled with the firm ' s deep-farming energy market, which has created a good reputation and brand image, while the company continues to significantly increase its research and development investment, with the latest release of Poweritan 3.0ac
Ideas storage platform, with plaus version capacity of 12.5 mwh.  layout aidc power source, promising to be a new growth point.
Innovative results, with excellent technical synergies with the aidc power source. With artificial intelligence and rapid development of the data centre, the global data centre is becoming more energy-intensive and the company has the advantage of providing a green power package.
Focusing on overseas markets is expected to be a new growth point for companies in the future. In the area of power sources, the potential for future growth is high, with the first coverage, “buy-in” of “buy-in” demand for light storage is less than expected, the business of Aidc is less advanced than expected, and competition is expected.
The Shanghai Transport University has four years of financial research experience, covering the field of photovoltaics and storage energy.
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the relevant index of market representation for a stock market is described as: a stock market is based on 300 indexes of depth; a new three-board market is projected for a stock or industry index in relation to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.