São Paulo shares (300661: high unit prices for high products, certification of product upgrades, impact of the epidemic will not be changed to national production, São Paulo shares.
The company is a high-performance simulation integrated circuit core with a total of $792 million, or 38.45 per cent, in business revenue for the entire year 2019, and a high-tech firm with a product covering the signal chain.
$176 million, an increase of 69.76 per cent. Of this amount, 2,019q4 battalion received $258 million, an increase of the same year, and two major areas of power management, including arithmetic magnifiers, contrasts, audio/video amplifiers, analogue switches, etc., are wide.
It is widely used in consumer-type electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, medical devices, auto electronics and apparelable devices, smart, high-unit Māori products, with a double increase in unit prices and Māori ratios.
As high-performance products that have been invested in research and development in the previous period become available to customers, the logic of product upgrading has been validated.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Profits will contribute further to profits in 2020. Mergers and acquisitions will boost growth, and product clients will work together. Simulation of chip products will be numerous, downstream customers.
Over the history of simulation chip development, leaders expand product and customer coverage through continuous acquisitions, and rational acquisitions can bring a great deal of synergy. Since the acquisition of 28.7% of São Paulo shares in 2018, Xiaohai has achieved a $258 million profit in 2019.
The acquisition of surplus shares and the improvement of market layout are expected to continue with the effect of 1+1>2 in product categories, R & D, and customer resources. Simulation chip development is the case, and companies continue to do high research and development to widen the moat. Unlike digital chips, models.
Pro-chip technological development does not pursue Moore's law, and simulation of the degree of experience of chip designers plays a vital role in the overall performance of the product. In 2019, the company spent 16% of its R & D investment on revenue, remaining above 15% for four consecutive quarters, and continues to actively attract overseas simulators.
The talent that keeps the company's product performance, stability and recognition increasing. 77x, 49x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports São Paulo shares (300661); high-value unit certification product upgrades; the impact of the epidemic does not change the trend of national production substitution
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.