The epidemic is still showing good results, and the future growth of the M&A of the Tan-Thai semiconductor layout: on April 28, 2020, the São Paulo shares published a quarterly report for the year 2020, q1, and the company collected $193 million, an increase of 72.05 per cent over the same period; returned to the mother, São Paulo shares (300661.sz)
\triangleright’s performance was in line with previous guidelines, and the Māori rate increased significantly. q1 achieved business income of $193 million in 2020, an increase of 72.05% over the previous period.
25.38. The Māori ratio of company q1 has increased significantly, the ring ratio has increased by 4.51 percentage points, the profit performance has been effectively boosted, and the net profit of company returns has increased by 91.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis. We believe that corporate performance has continued to perform well under the epidemic, partly because the company has been active in preventive measures and has ensured normal production operations; on the other hand, the impact of the epidemic has been due to the greater variety of products and wide coverage of company simulation chips. In some areas of market application, the impact of the epidemic has been reflected in delayed or decreased demand.
Some of these areas are reflected in increased demand, such as: high precision handling, high accuracy a/d converters, power switching chips, and battery charge management chips, for example, applied to thermometers, temperature guns, etc., which have high performance requirements and can effectively boost Māori performance. Focus on R & D inputs and team-building, and new market breakthroughs for new products.
\triangleright Market \triangleright can help it move over the cycle. (2) The variety of products, each with its own know-how, requires continuous R & D inputs and continuous acquisition and acquisition of expanded company capabilities. (3) The chip has a long life cycle, and the products are sustainably and steadily collected, while the new products are in the pipeline as a result of growth in performance.
So the number of R & D people and products is the core measure of the simulation chip company. For St. John’s shares, the company has always given high priority to R & D inputs, with R & D costs rising by 4.88 percentage points in 2019; R & D Wang Sakyu
The number of patents is 115, which is more than double that of the same period in 2018. Thanks to high-intensity research and development inputs, São Paulo shares of chip products have made breakthroughs in emerging areas such as smart sound boxes, tws bluetooth earphones, and drones.
On the art side, the company has a number of new products using the latest high-pressure bcd platform of the 0.18 μm process; on the wrapping process, more products have been covered with small wlcsp, sc70, etc. to reduce their size and enhance their performance in response to trends in the field of iot.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. has a trade value of $1.070 billion, which is paid by issuing shares and paying cash.
Itd building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in Beijing City West Side, where the Xiaotai semiconductor concentrates on the development and sale of simulated chips, with more than 280 power-management chip products in sale. In 2019, the Xinhai camp received 258 million yuan.
The net profit is $8.54 million, or more than 100% of the year-on-year growth. The performance of Xiaotai is largely due to its layout in the field of tws. The company introduced a power soc design to replace the traditional mcu-plus power control chip combination, which can be charged, discharged, displayed, protected, low-power standby, etc.
The semiconductor committed itself to a net profit of at least 60.9 million yuan, 106 million yuan, 136 million yuan for 2020-2022. In addition, in May and August 2019, the company invested in Shanghai Pingsheng and Hangzhou, respectively, the main product of which is radio frequency chips, while Hangzhou Bingy is a signal chain product.
Investment advice: St. State shares continue to grow steadily as domestic model chip lead companies, with good performance under the epidemic. Companies value research and development inputs and continue to promote M&As, with future growth.
\triangleright Figure 2: São Paulo share R & D costs (millions of yuan) Figure 3: Māori São Paulo share and net interest rate
Figure 4: Cost of São Paulo stock period, Figure 5: R & D costs and cost of São Paulo stock (millions of dollars) Figure 6: Operating income from São Paulo shares and cash flow flows from São Paulo stock (billions of dollars)
Figure 7: Net profit and operating net cash flow of São Paulo shares (Billions of yuan) Figure 8: Stock holdings of São Paulo shares (Billions of yuan, days) Figure 9: Accounts receivable of São Paulo shares (Billions of yuan, days)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience in the field of semiconductors and consumer electronics, including Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.