São Paulo shares (300661: big clients are on the move.
The company was a high-performance simulation integrated circuit core event: the company achieved business income of $193 million in 2020q1, an increase of 72.05 per cent in the same year; the product covered the chain of signals.
The profit was 3.034 million yuan, representing an increase of 91.29 per cent in the same year; the net profit from non-mortality was 3.034 million yuan, representing an increase in the same amount and two main areas of power management, including the operation of amplifiers, which was 112.44 per cent longer.
Composers, audio/video amplifiers, analogue switches, etc., can be widely used in consumer electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial control, and the impact of the epidemic, so that the company keeps up with a high rate of growth.
The demand for medical instruments, auto electrons and apparel devices, intelligent soundings in some of the market applications has been delayed or reduced, but has benefited from their use in emerging electronics such as simulations of household housing.
More comprehensive product-line layout coverage in the adult circuit industry and applications to infrared thermometers, temperature, major events for the next three to six months: high accuracy, high accuracy a/d converter, power switching chips and electricity in thermometers, etc.
Consumer-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls and related markets for medical instruments, such as battery charge management chips Debts and cross-share presentations: Reverse demand in the field has increased and overall operating conditions have not been significantly affected.
Companies have built on their R & D advantages and re-innovated their R & D investments. In the first quarter of 2020, the company spent 16.57% and 16.19% of total R & D investment in the first quarter of the year, respectively, and in the same period only 11.32% of the leading R & D investment in industries such as the Texas instrument.
Bringing together people at all levels, building up and mastering core technology, ensuring stable innovation and efficient R & D, steadily closing the gap with Euro-American Simulation Integrated Circuit giants, with more than 16 major categories of over 1400 currently selling products and constantly being mentioned in terms of performance, size and industry recognition.
High, contributing to national substitution and home-grown rise. 85x, 55x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661: Big clients are going well, and the epidemic is not changing the trend of national production.
East Hing Securities Corporation, São Paulo shares (300661): Big clients are going well, and the impact of the epidemic is not changing the trend of national production substitution.
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.