The Great Wall: The product structure has improved significantly, and the new F series is the new starting point. The Wall's semi-annual report for 2018: 2018h1 yields 48,678 million.
Wey sales performed well, leading to a significant increase in average prices. 18q2 companies achieved a total of 2,149,000 vehicles and pickups, an increase of 4.02 per cent in the same year. Thus, the growth in corporate revenue was mainly due to an improvement in the product structure, i.e. an increase in the ratio of high-cost vehicles, specifically.
Mainly from the hot sales of the Wey brand, which in the first half of the year sold a total of 7.76 million vehicles, representing 19.27% of the total sales of the suv. With the help of Wey, the company ' s bicycles in the first half of the year had a total stock/flow (million shares)
The increase of 1.18 pcc is mainly due to the higher number of new models this year and the lower number of car models than in the same period last year. With respect to the cost of the period, 18h1, the company sales/management/financial cost rates are respectively reduced by 2.48 pct if R & D costs are included in the administrative costs, the management rate is reduced by 2.48 pct.
This year, the company capitalized part of its R & D expenditure ($661 million), representing 1.36% of the total revenue. Rebranding the Hafer brand to fully exploit market potential.
The Huff brand has been redacted to divide it into “f series” and “h series”, with a higher degree of recognition than the original red blue markers, and a new “new sport group” with a very distinct distinction from the former “h series”, which will be fully explored.
In July, the company formally signed a joint venture contract with the BMW vehicle, named Lightbeam Motors Limited.
In the second half of the year, more competitive models will be launched. In August, we'll have the fourth car of the Wey brand.
Ten thousand to 175,000, which is different from the consumption groups facing vv5 and vv7, the market is now responding well, and it is expected to be sold. In September, the Hufff first-car, Hufff5, will also be launched in four quarters.
In the case of new energy vehicles, three-quarters companies will launch the Euro-Laiq-type Euro-La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.