The Great Wall's motor vehicle performance has improved significantly, and the new energy boom has been attributed to a net profit of $3.70 billion from listed company shareholders, an increase of 52.7 per cent over the same period, with a gain of $0.40 per share.
Performance meets expectations. New cars such as Huffh6, vvv7 and vv5 continue to grow, corporate product structures continue to improve, some R & D investments are capitalized and management costs are significantly reduced, and performance in the first half of the year is improving. The company continues to roll out Vv6, Huffff and Eura brands in the second half of the year, and has a joint venture with BMW.
The creation of a beamed car will further enrich the product line, and boost the performance of aid companies and full-scale new energy, taking into account the increased competition in the car market and maintaining a higher rating. Product structure upgrades and partial capitalization of R & D inputs will result in high performance growth in the first half of the year.
The company achieved sales of 472,000 vehicles a year, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same year, of which wey brands sold 77,000 vehicles, an increase of $13,000 over the same year; bicycles made a profit of $7,838, an increase of 49.2 per cent over the same year.
The company’s sales cost increased by 32.4 per cent in the first half of the year over the same period, mainly because of the increase in publicity costs and the cost of reimbursing the negative share of oil consumption for 2016-2017. The 12.1 per cent decrease in management costs over the same year was mainly due to the capitalization of some of the R&D inputs.
The higher cost increases were due mainly to increased borrowing interest expenditures, including support for the automobile finance business. The three cost rates for the first half of the year were about 6.3 per cent, a decrease of 3.3 percentage points from the same year. Of these, q2 realized a decrease in sales if the second quarter was the traditional light season in the automobile industry.
New items have been placed on the market, promoting a continuous increase in brand positioning and sales. W6 was officially placed on the market in August, at a price of $148,175,000; a new series of F-types, known as "New Sports Immobilization Union suv", was launched in f5 and f7 with a pre-sale price of $11.5-135,000 for Hufff5; and a pre-sale price for a forward-sale version of Haffffff7 technology.
The value of the new product is significantly higher than the company’s original product, and it is expected to enrich the company’s product lines, upgrade its branding, raise the company’s sales and prices, and promote sustained performance. With the release of the electric brand Eura and the creation of a joint venture with BMW, the new energy layout is improving.
The first of the three-month averages (millions of yuan) is about to be marketed, the second is about to be marketed at the end of January, and the second is about to be announced, and the first is about to be launched under the flag of shared travel brands - “Oura travels” - for long-term rentals, time-time rentals, and Internet subscriptions. The company’s new energy sources are using a joint venture with BMW to create a dual branding of “Eura + Lightbeam.”
Net liability ratio (%) (2018e)), compact platform (BMW platform, para. 2), cross-border vehicle platform (1), using market value as of 30 August 2018
The mini-me platform (para. 3) is built to capture the core market of the mainstream electric vehicle. The company's aggressive move to the new energy sector is expected to rise in the future, and effectively relieves the pressure from the company's late start-up in the new energy sector, as well as the new share-sharing business of Eura, based on the electric brand.
The Great Wall Automobile — a proposed joint venture with BMW “Light 1) — has become more competitive, with sales and profitability below expectations; and (2) new vehicle sales are below expectations.
The Great Wall Motors - slightly higher than expected, Māori rates competed with the bicycle market to maintain an increased rating.
Qualifying for securities investment consulting business Automobile: whole car profit/loss statement (million RMB)