After a low performance, brands are on a long road to upwards, with net profit returns of $3.70 billion, an increase of 52.7 per cent over the same period; net profit deductions of $3.58 billion, an increase of 71 per cent over the same period; improved performance, product restructuring and recovery of profitability, based on a low base.
q1 achieved income of $26,570 million and net return to the mother of $2.08 billion; q2 achieved income of $22.1 billion, an increase of 23.24 per cent in the same year; q1 achieved net profit to the mother of $1.61 billion, an increase of 247.2 per cent in the same year, a decline of 22.4 per cent in the ring of 22.4 per cent and a decline in income of q2 and a decline in profits over q1 due mainly to a decrease in sales in the second quarter, which was the traditional low season in the automobile industry.
The higher rate of increase in net profits of 2018h1 was mainly due to 1) the company ' s activities during the same period last year, such as the promotion of 1 billion red parcels and hand-in-hand blocking of old car stock, which resulted in a lower profit base of 2017h1; 2) the continued growth of new Haffah 6, vv7 and vv5 models, improved product structure of the company, price increases and reduced discounts.
The q2 Māori ratio has declined, the promotion has increased in the last three quarters, and the Māori rate remains under pressure. The 2018h1 Māori ratio, the financial cost rate has risen by 0.44 pp, mainly due to increased borrowing interest costs, including support for automobile finance. R&D costs have decreased by 840 million yuan, or 45.3 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of capitalization of R&D inputs.
Three major brands have been listed, or will reverse the recent decline in sales. Companies have faced some challenges in achieving their aggregates in the first half of the year, with sales falling in June and July for two consecutive months. Wey’s cumulative sales of 78,000 vehicles, or 16.5% of the company’s total sales in January and June. However, wey’s sales in July were limited to sales.
7080 vehicles, down four months in a row, and the top-up of brands are still difficult. The company launched a brand-new version of the Wey brand in August. Vv6. The new F5 model will be launched in September, and the higher F7 model will be launched in the fourth quarter.
It will reverse the decline in recent sales. In the case of electric cars, three-quarters companies will launch Eurasia's first car, Euraq, another Eura's by the end of the year, and as new energy and automobile sales increase, they will address the company's double-digit risk.
The company announced on July 11 that it would establish a joint venture with BMW for light-light cars, with a total investment of $5.1 billion, of which the registered capital would be $1.7 billion, with the company and the BMW contributing 50% of each share. The joint venture expected 160,000 units of standard capacity, with a view to the market at a later stage.
The company’s board of directors appoints the chairman of the board of directors from the Great Wall, the deputy director from the BMW, and the quarterly (601633) reviews - quarterly reports meet expectations.
And the BMW will maintain its original distribution system and will not create new distribution and service channels outside China's existing network. This is the first BMW joint venture worldwide for pure electric vehicles, which will return to 2018.4.24 for two consecutive quarters of BMW's capacity.
It is hoped that the new energy component of the company will be alleviated, and that the BMW will use BMW technology to further enhance the competitiveness of the company and increase the volume of sales of its products. Experience in cross-market research with a share and port shares, eight years of buyer experience, five years of business experience.
The Great Wall Car (601633) reports.