The Great Wall car is about to form a joint venture with BMW, a joint venture to light up the future, and the company has recently issued an announcement with BMW's wholly-owned subsidiary, BMW Holdings, in Germany.
Berlin signed a joint venture contract for the establishment of a light car company, Ltd., to co-finance the establishment of a China-China joint venture company, PVC. The establishment of the joint venture will be a key step in the BMW gas-based layout, while contributing to the easing of corporate weight pressure and the upgrading of the company’s new energy vehicle technology.
It is proposed to establish a joint venture with BMW to boost new energy sources. The joint venture has invested $5.1 billion, including the development, production and marketing of new energy vehicles, combustion engines and their associated components, and is expected to establish a production base in Chang Jia Kong, Jiangsu province, with a standard capacity of 160,000 vehicles, depending on the production plan.
According to daily economic news reports, the new joint venture will focus on Mini brand powering in the short term, will develop a new generation of pure electric platforms in the future, and will produce a new brand of electric cars; there will be no new tunnels, Mini brands will follow the current BMW channels, and the new brand will be in the future.
Use the existing Great Wall car distribution network; in terms of composition, the new joint venture will draw on the elite cadres of the Wall and BMW.
Both brands and model series can be Electrified, with new energy vehicles selling 15-25% of the total sales in 2025 (24.4 (14.8) (18.9) (31.1). BMW is a pioneer and leader in the field of electrodynamics, and the cumulative sales of new energy have been made.
More than 250,000 vehicles, with a wealth of experience; the Great Wall is the leader of the domestic suv market, is well aware of the Chinese market and has a clear advantage in cost control, market response speed and resource coordination, and BMW’s joint venture with the company also shows the international firm’s recognition of the company’s capabilities and products.
The mini branding is lower than the BMW, and the price of national production will be reduced. The joint venture will also produce new energy products from the Wall.
The value of the brand is expected to increase further as Wall cars fill new energy sources. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, the company ' s fuel consumption was 340,000 points in 2016 and 2017, but only c30ev and weyp8 new energy vehicles under the flag, leaving a gap of nearly 300,000 points in the upper river ' s upper banker ' s share, and the treasure.
The horse joint venture is expected to make up for the company's new energy shortboard and reduce double-centre pressure. The BMW is the world's leader, using market prices as a standard on July 10th, 2018, a luxury brand, with strong advantages in car design development and branding, and a joint venture with BMW.
Looking to upgrade the company's new energy technology and hopefully share the supply chain with Mini brands, Hover brands and high-end Wey brands are also expected to increase their value, contributing to their internationalization strategy and electric warfare.
1) Joint venture approval was not approved; 2) car market competition increased and sales and profitability were lower than anticipated.
The forecast of profits of Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc., Inc., at $US 0.97 and $US 1.07, maintains an increased rating.