Great Wall Car (2333.hk/60163.ss): Joint venture with BMW or with BMW, or with BMW, to improve the mid-term compliance of new energy vehicles and boost the product cycle. On 10 July, the Wall Car announced a contract with BMW to establish a joint venture. The details are as follows: 1.
+86(10) 6627-3327 Operating area includes the production of new energy vehicles and in-house combustion vehicles; 4. Joint venture planned operations are pending with the IDB. Joint venture is expected to improve the compliance of new energy vehicles and boost the product cycle
The production of new energy vehicles will ease the pressure on companies to achieve double points: while we do not comment on the possibility that the joint venture could pass through approval and eventually be established, the joint venture might focus first on the production of new energy vehicles, which would help to slow down the pressure on the Wall ' s cars in terms of fuel consumption and the accumulation of new energy vehicles.
In terms of consumption, it lags behind its counterparts (figure 3), with a sales volume of only 3,000 new energy vehicles. In order to meet the new energy vehicle build-up requirements for the vehicle ' s own products in the Great Wall in 2019/20, we estimate that the company will have to sell 26,000/33,000 electric vehicles or 53,000/66,000 plug-in hybrid power vehicles in 2019/20 (as required by the Ministry of Communications, it is assumed that the volume of electric vehicles will be divided into 4 units).
If the DRC and the relevant departments approve the establishment of a joint venture, it will normally take two years for the joint venture to sell new energy vehicles as early as 2020. Cooperation on technology and products is expected to expand: we believe that alliances with BMW or will contribute to the Great Wall’s technology and products.
Given that the scope of joint ventures includes not only new energy vehicles, but also internal combustion vehicles, and that the BMW, the first BMW company in China, has never fully domesticated BMW, we believe that potential joint ventures would be strategic if they could domesticate a BMW model.
Keeping two stock sales rating, because we believe that the softness of the 2018 product cycle and increased competition will keep sales growth low. After eight years of high growth, the sales of the suv vehicle showed weakness in May/June, as suv accounted for 88.3% of the expected sales of the Wall ' s vehicle in 2018.
The growth of suv has accelerated: the Great Wall car suv market share has expanded, thanks to its outstanding reputation in local brands:
(b) Investors should therefore take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report and should not consider this report as the only joint venture with BMW to make investment decisions, with increased predictability of production.
Since: companydata, goldmansachsresearchurstimates, factset.priceasof10jul2018close. The Great Wall Car (2333.hk/601633.sss) himself, Tin Xin Xin, affirms that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, will not be, and will not be, reconciled.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility. The increases, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Ding Xing: a car, Chinese car, a car: bydco. (a), Chongqingchanauto (a), fuyaoglassindustrygroup (a), greatwallmotorco. (a), guangzhouautomobilelegroup (a), huayutomotostystems, Ningbojoysonelectronic, saicmotor.
Chinese cars:brilliancechinaautomotive, bydco. (h), Dongfengmotor, fuyaoglassindustrygroup (h), Geelyautobileholdings, Greatwall motoco. (h), Guangzhouautomobilegroup (h), Minthgroup, netteerautotivegroup, statutory corporate-related disclosures
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Greatwallbank. (h) (hk$5.31), Greatwallbankco. (a) Goldman Sachs has had investment bank customer relationships with the following companies over the past 12 months: Greatwallbankco. (h) (hk$5.31), Greatwallbankco. (a) (rmb9.12) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Service.