Starwoo shares (601799), opting to consume automobiles and auto parts, outperforming expectations, overseas expansion and technology development.
Event: Company releases 21h1 performance, h1 achieves operating income of $3.95 billion, increases performance by 1 q2 above expectations, returns by 2 returns: company h1 achieves revenue of 3,951 million, same time a 30 per cent reduction in production and sales of chips.
Starwoo's share (601799) The Pacific Motors Team Lights Development Project, which manufactures 31 new cars, 2019 and the first half of 2020, each receiving a new quarterly review of Starwoo's share.
34 projects, 18 projects, and we've seen companies acquire new project capabilities over the years that are excellent and ensure continuous development. At the same time, the company's digitalization and intelligence of the lights.
Continuous input, and now successfully developed pre-imaging intelligence with dmd as the core optical device, sarcophagus shares - year-round performance, product structure optimization, lights, and microlled imaging brain headlamps, deep-dry vehicle lights.
In order to enhance the company’s scientific and technological innovation, the company has set up a research and development centre in Shanghai.
To attract more talent for the tentacles, Starwoo shares - core clients continue to outpace expectations, company gross 4 is completed, overseas plants are in equipment debugging status: 2021 in Serbia
This is the first step in the internationalization of companies, relying on overseas factories, which will further expand Europe’s global customers, such as BMW, Mercedes, Renault, etc.
5. Large markets, high-growth: the world’s total market space is hundreds of billions of dollars, the global market is less than 4%, and the country’s production is inexorably replaced in the future by China’s high-end manufacturing industry. In addition, given the complexity and security of the combination of lights, it is an “easy” in itself.
The products of the Instant, the new power, the public, Toyota, Japan and many other high-quality enterprises, such as Starwoo, have been expanded to rely on competitive prices, rich industrial experience and technology, as well as increased municipal ownership.
Investment proposals: domestic front-loading firms, long-term improvement in LED headlamps, and increased vehicle value; and companies with complete technological reserves and overseas market openings. The projected LED penetration rate is not as high as expected.
Profit projection and financial indicators: South China Sales Li Yinwen Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.