The Sino-Yi mountain portfolio has improved, with high performance growth, high performance and higher utilization rates. 2021h1, the company's car light business is even bigger.
Growth, which supports high performance growth, with net profit on revenue and return to mothers increasing by 37.27 per cent and 45.63 per cent, respectively, compared to 2020h1, plus 30.94 pct and +30.42 pct respectively; the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate rate are moving forward on separate projects to enhance the production of the energy.
Market data: Phase II completed, Phase III completed, Smart Manufacturing Industrial Modelling Project, Electronic Plant Project planned to start in late September and November, Serbian plant infrastructure completed,
Highest/minimum in year: in equipment debugging state. At the project level, the company took over 27 vehicle-type light development projects in the first half of the year, with high-quality customer escort, with high performance growth.
Program providers, customers’ new vehicle production is a major driver of corporate performance. Corporate customer packages include global whole car manufacturers such as BMW, General Motors, and joint venture full-car manufacturers led by the public, the public, the public, the Toyota, the red flag, and so on, and so on.
And markets such as Gilly, Volkswagen Cars have a higher degree of domestic ownership and a higher degree of certainty about their performance. Technology increases to strengthen core competitiveness.
The company itself has developed a complete autonomous R & D system, with a strong capacity for simultaneous development. 2021h1, the company continued to develop high investment, with $162 million in R & D, compared to +22.7%, and successfully developed a pixel front lamp. At the same time, the company built a star in Shanghai.
Shanghai R & D further strengthens its R & D capabilities and provides strong safeguards for companies to upgrade their technological capabilities. As R & D centres become effective and R & D results gradually shift, it is expected to help companies improve their core competitiveness.
Investment proposal: As a leading company in the carlight industry, the technological advantage is clear, and the upgrading of the carlight product will gradually increase the value of the bicycle, thereby driving the company’s profit growth. At the same time, the company’s client is excellent, T.C.I.C.A. at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor.
Quality, which is expected to open up the luxury brand market, and as the company's client products are phased in, the city of Beijing will be on the 7th floor of the Central China Center, 28 West and Peace.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the benefit of another person.