The performance has continued to increase, and the advantage of the headlights has continued to emerge.
Our analysis and judgment are that the company’s income grew better than the industry in the first half of the year, that the prices of raw materials were up or down, that interest rates were falling on a seasonal basis, and that the company performed well with its superior cost-control capabilities. (i) In the first half of the year, the company’s income increased well, with a positive return of q2 on a one-time basis and a positive return on the ring.
In the first half of the year, firm orders increased steadily, with business earnings of $3.951 billion, an increase of 37.27 per cent compared to the previous half, higher than the growth in the automobile industry (Yoy+25 per cent). From a single-season perspective, q2 achieved revenues of $2,041 million, compared to +25.99 per cent.
(ii) The price of raw materials is subject to an overweight Māori rate of 02, and the company ' s cost-control capabilities are excellent and perform well, with cost advantages in terms of production, manufacturing and management, helping to seize market opportunities for national substitution, new vehicle development and ensuring the expansion of new orders and customer groups to achieve a supplemental price. In addition, the company ' s cost-control controls
Capabilities were excellent, with 9.46% cost during q2, same year-0.17pt, ring ratio-0.27pt, enabling performance (iii) approvals were good and intelligent layouts were steadily moving forward. 2021h1 took over 27 vehicle-type lamps development projects, 31 batches of new vehicles, and the project was well developed.
The Division developed two imaging intelligence prelights using dmd as a core optical device and microlled as a light source, with a simpler structure and a higher degree of optical efficiency, solving a variety of technical problems, such as imaging optical, electronic drive, heat management, and is expected to take the lead in the intelligent development of carlights.
The company’s smart manufacturing industrial park project has continued to be completed, with steady growth in capacity expansion. The investment proposal is that the company, as a domestic header, will work closely with the country’s entire plant, and that the trend towards the emergence of an autonomous brand, the replacement of national production, and the electronicization and intelligentization of car lamps will lead to a wider development.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.