1. “In-depth research by the Hong Kong Technology Corporation: Industrial Control & Elevator Building, Traction Contribution Bullets”
General automation: Industry demand has improved, and corporate marketing and solution competitiveness has continued to improve. Equipment upgrading & digital transformation policies have led to demand recovery in automated industries, with 25h1oem market size equal to +2%.
25H1 total automation operations generated $8.8 billion, compared to 17 per cent, Māori rate of 44.5 per cent, corresponding to +0.7 pct, server/low-pressure transformer/small-scale plc/industrial robot market share.
Source car sales of 6.94 million vehicles + 40% of the same year, of which 5.88/10.6 million are sold/exported, i.e. 36 per cent/75 per cent of the same year, and domestic and foreign demand is driven by two wheels. The share of the market for new energy sources in motor vehicle control/power-driven totals/dumps reached 10.1 per cent/7.1 per cent/11.3 per cent, respectively, and is maintained.
Industry leads the way. Benefiting from the steady mix and pure-trailer phase of sop release, 25h1 achieved $9 billion, +50%, year-round, in its new energy automobile business. Elevators: industry has shrunk, and companies have accelerated the expansion of demand in emerging markets abroad. 25h1 countries
The production of products and programmes to support steady growth in the industry has been promoted, several products from Hungarian factories have been tested by multinational client firms, and products such as human interaction, wire beams, etc. have been delivered in bulk, and the construction of Mexican factories has started, with 25h1 generating 2.3 billion yuan, compared to 1 per cent.
Internationalization: Lithium electricity, mobile phones, etc., breaking through major Korean and Vietnamese head customer projects. 25h1 overseas revenues of $1.32 billion, i.e. +39%, Māori 35.3%, i.e., +3.3pc.
From prototype research to the development stage, planetary roller staircase products are ready to be delivered. Profit predictions, valuations and ratings. Corporate industrial masters are robust, new energy vehicles are growing, long-term cuttings, internationalization, etc.
The strategic layouts of digitization, energy management, ingenuity and so on are expected to open up the growth space, the downside in manufacturing, the increased competition in the new energy automobile industry, the lack of technology development and the expectation that more services will be made available.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market