Robust growth in core operations and increased contribution of new market areas 25h1 + 17% general automation revenue for two core operations \triangleright \triangleright
Sub-products, 1, 25h1 general automation, yielding sales revenue of about $8.8 billion, yoy+17 per cent, frequency transformers (excluding elevators) of about $2.7 billion, universal server systems of about $3.7 billion, plc&hmi of about $900 million, industrial robots (with precision)
2) 25h1 company ' s new energy car business realizes sales revenue of about $9 billion, yoy + 50%. The new energy source continues to be used in fixed-point vehicles, with five overseas customers targeted at Dun Yongkang.
Projects, more than 30 fixed points for domestic passenger-car projects, with additional fixed points to support future growth. New energy. Commercial vehicle operations, deep-farming markets such as cards, microsurfaces, heavy cards, passenger cars, 800v voltage platform domain control multiplicity controllers and flatline chiller products for full vehicle validation and small batch applications at the mainframe plant.) 25h1.
The Smart Elevator operation achieved sales revenue of about $2.3 billion, a decline of about 1 per cent from the previous year. (4) The 25h1 company's track trade generated business income of about $220 million, which is almost the same as the previous year.
Overseas markets maintain a high Māori rate and a high rate of growth. Submarkets, 25h1 achieves income from overseas operations \triangleright actively deploys human robots, and product layouts are gradually improving. 25h1 revolves around the core zero.
25-year-old Quarterly Review: 25q1 performance with ring improvement of smart components and smart scenario solutions drives human robot-related work. 1 Low pressure high power driven, with a high growth in new energy vehicle operations - 2025/04/30
Products such as machines, boxless rectangulators, and joints are moving from prototype research to development. 2 planetary roller wires. 2. Synchrome technology (300124.sz), semi-annual report point 2024, bar product, custom-made high-performance straight-line modules for large clients.
Review: 24h1 performance meets expectations, new energy vehicles continue to grow, and in the context of humanized solutions, around the top limb component scenario, responding to the needs of clients and integrators, depending on the length of 2024/08/28
Technology accumulation in industry and collaborative arms initiated the development of upper limb components at the third quarter of 2023 Segawa technology (300124.sz).
The \triangleright methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, presents the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.