2025q2 performance double ring ratio, strategic business fast-tracking Events: semi-annual news release of SCU technology. Sales rates, management rates, R & D rates, financial cost rates change from--
0.56 pct. Sales rates, management rates, R & D rates, financial rates, respectively, are warmer downstream, and multi-platform+customized solutions have a clear advantage. Policy end-end continuous code-plus equipment roe (ttm)
Upgraded and digitally transformed, industrial automation market demand is recovering weakly. Corporate corporate automation peaks in December continued to enhance marketing network deployment and localization services, general automation business battalion 2025h1
The market share is expected to continue to rise with the advantage of a minimum price ($) platform in December and custom-made solutions for the industry. New energy operations have continued to grow.
Sophistication: (ii) new domestic forces, domestic traditional car companies, overseas car firms, fast growing orders and diversification of customer structures; (iii) rapid growth of power-driven total products, faster release of power generators and power source products, which together exceed the target of orders for the first half of the year.
In addition, the number of domestic client projects has exceeded 30, covering power sources, totals, power controls, power units, etc. Multiple categories of goods: overseas customer targeting projects five, involving three product groups: power sources, totals, power controls, etc., production expansion projects are being carried out in an orderly manner, and future new energy operations are being consistently released
Strategic operations are moving fast, and emerging markets are growing fast. 2025h1 has made better progress in integrating the industrial ai technology platform with products, completing and landing the ifg platform architecture and creating an industrial ai software system that covers data, development, training, and application of the entire chain.
(1) Products such as low-pressure high-power drives, unboxed rectulators and joints move from prototype studies to the development stage; (2) continuous optimization of planetary roller stave products grinding and hard car processes, and integration of companies with multiple advantages in customizing straight-line modules for large clients and completing the delivery of samples; (3) activation of upper limbs
In terms of internationalization, 2025h1 registered an increase of 39.34%, or 6.43% of the total, in overseas receipts. Regional market companies in Viet Nam, the Middle East, Thailand, etc. have seen a rapid increase in revenues; Lithium power, mobile phones, etc. have made major breakthroughs in many head-client projects in Korean and Vietnamese markets.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.