Xu Jinhyu, Research Assistant, 25 years old, 20.5 billion yuan in 25h1 battalion, 27% of the year, net return to the mother.
Profit of $2.97 billion, +40 per cent, net profit of $2.67 billion, +29 per cent; Māori ratio General Automation: downstream recovery trends are clear, multi-programmed and re-emerging strongly alpha. Company revenue of $8.847 billion, +17 per cent/+7 per cent, of general automation business 25H1/25o2.
1) Top client organizations, to set up wiring; 2) to set up the ifa sector builder Low Volt frequency/communications server/small plc city (mir caliber) with a marked improvement in demand in July and a monthly increase in orders, and we expect a similar ratio of h2 orders.
▪ New energy vehicles: fixed-point continuous release drives higher revenues, scale effects & tariff reduction opens up room for profit rates. The company ' s 25h1/25q2 new energy vehicle generated $9.05 billion, or 66-49% of the year.
10.0 per cent/11.9 per cent, with a steady third-party supplier. Top Client Ideas/Gwanda Eian/Chi.
Quarterly 2025: high performance of 25q1 High growth of vehicle companies, overseas purchase orders and diversification of customers; 2) power drive to keep up fast, strategic layout “ai + human form”
Quick growth, power & power acceleration, combined to exceed the target; 3) Production expansion, smooth progress of the Suzhou plant phase II and phase III, and completion of the first customer project model of the Hungarian plant.
At the profit end, 25h1 subsidiary combined power realizes net profits of $550 million, compared to +45 per cent, subject to processing, third-party power-drive taps free profits  elevators: active search for old domestic ladders for new and offshore market opportunities. Company 25h1 elevator revenue
A total of 2.3 billion yuan, equivalent to 1 per cent, while 25h1 houses have accumulated the same size as 14.8 per cent of strategic operations: robotic operations are advancing rapidly, internationalizing & digitizing & energy management & a comprehensive layout. 1) In robotic parts, boxless power units and drivers and joints have been developed from prototypes.
In the development phase, the planetary roller + grinding process combines electric power to customize linear modules for large customers, complete samples; at the landscape solution level, initiates upper limb mechanical arm-opening. 2) Internationalization: overseas H1 billion (6 per cent), compared with 39 per cent in the subregion
Viet Nam, the Middle East, Thailand are growing faster, with faster growth associated with lithium power, mobile phones and large international customer packages. 3) Digitalization: bulk orders in the air-pressure, textile, food packaging, etc. 4) Energy management: power side storage pcs and one machine are growing faster, and overseas energy operations are growing faster.
(e) i: completion of the ifg condo industrial brain platform structure and development, training, full-chain industrial ai software system.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In view of the continued growth in the company ' s new energy vehicle business, we have completed three major financial forecasting tables for Hitchuan technology.