The world-class special steel dragons are born, the big smelting steel, and it's a world-wide variety of fine steels with a wide range of product categories.
The domestic market for steel is growing and there is much room for import substitution. In 2018, the country produced steel, mainly gear steel, bearing steel, springs, steel, model steel, high-temperature alloys, high-speed tool steel, etc.
440.7 million tons, less than 5% of crude steel production, is significantly lower than in such manufacturing countries as Japan and Germany, where the bulk of the production is in cars, petrochemicals, electricity, machines, 15-25%. Assuming that our crude steel production will remain stable at 600 million tons per year in the future, at 20%.
In 2018, we imported 404,000 tons of special steel, a 20 per cent increase compared to the previous year, amounting to $7 billion in imports and tons of steel imports.
Prices are twice as high as those for exports and domestic products, and there is a lot of room for future import substitution for high-end steel. According to an announcement received by the CSRC, the high-end output releases a steady increase in revenue and profits.
Steel plants, with 2.3 million tons of high-quality super-steel capacity, are widely used in the areas of automobiles, high-quality railways, equipment manufacturing, and military engineering. The release of 900,000 tons of high-quality special alloy steel rods has resulted in production, sales and a sustained increase in revenue, with a combined growth rate of net profits received and returned to the mother in 2014-2018, respectively.
High-end products and high-cost controls, and low-performance cycle attributes. The company’s high-end varieties of steel continue to grow, reaching 960,000 tons in 2018, new products are being developed and developed at an annual rate of 300,000 tons, and prices are less volatile than those of popular steel and low-end steel.
The acquisition of Xingcheng steel to build up millions of tons of super-styrene carriers to enhance profitability and scale effects. The Qingxing steel is a collection of the Nino-Teifurt steel non-market system, with about 12 million tons of fine steel /tonne, and the acquisition is done in a way that enhances the profitability of the company, and is made up of 13 million tons of steel.
For the world's largest steel industry, domestic production accounts for 30%, with economies of scale and synergetic effects over time. pe(ttm) averages 16.46 times, with a median of 14.58 times, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
One of China's first-ever steel companies, the 100-year steel mill under the banner of Nobuyasu in Nobuyasu, is one of China's oldest steel companies, currently under the banner of Nobuyasu in China.
The company has a long history, dating back more than a hundred years, of which the company has gone through four periods. The first period was the period of the Hanmelone Iron Plant (1908-1947), where Hanmelon merged the large smelters and the large smelters, known as the Great Metallurgical Minerals; the second period was China China.
During the iron and steel period (1948-1952), the Chinese steel-receiving coal-smelting plant was officially converted into a special steel plant after moving into a special steel plant in Dalian: the third period was the period of the Smelting Group (1953-2003), the Chinese steel was renamed the Great Smelting Steel Factory and, after being regulated as the Smelting Group Company, the Tung Feng Motor Company and the Xiaoyang Car Axis Company initiated the establishment of the Big Smelting Special Steel Company, Inc.; the fourth period was the period of the Sino-Tefu Times.
During the period (2004 to date), Sino-Thaifu acquired the steel industry of the Metallurgical Group and formed a new metallurgical steel industry (the Great Metallurgical Steel is part of the New Metallurgical Steel). Figure 1: The company has a hundred-year history and has actually controlled the Sino-Trust Group for four periods. With the completion of the Sino-Thaifu acquisition, by the end of 2018, 29.95% of the new steel holding company was owned by the New Metallurgical Steel Corporation.
Sino-Tayfo Investments Ltd. holds 28.18 per cent of the company ' s shares, divided into the first and second largest shareholders in the business, while the two effectively controlled persons are the Sino-Tefute Steel Co. Ltd., which is the manager of the Sino-Tefutte Steel Co. Ltd. (Sin-Thai Steel Co.), so that the company actually controls the human being in the amount of tonnes of special steel capacity, and its subsidiaries include Jiang Yin-Ching Steel Co. Ltd., Hubei New Metallurgium Steel Co. Ltd., and Aoshima Special Steel Co. Ltd.,
Jingjiang Special Steel Co. Ltd., Copper Mall Taefu Special Materials Co. Ltd., Yeungzhou Tefu Special Materials Co. Ltd.
1.2.1 The company has a high capacity for advanced production of equipment. The company ' s main products are rods and exercise materials, with a combined capacity of 2 million tons and 280,000 tons, respectively. The company owns two 520 cubic metres of furnaces, with a combined capacity of 1.22 million tons of raw iron production and two 70 tons of electric furnaces, with a combined capacity of 1 million tons of steel production, which cannot yet meet post-process requirements.
The company’s parent company, the new smelting steel, has a 1780 m3 furnace (with a capacity of 1.52 million tons) and a 120-tonne converter (with a capacity of 1.35 million tons), which provides the company with a portion of iron and water.
The state, which is internationally advanced, is accompanied by abb company’s automated control and transmission system, ge ultrasound injuries, forester magnetic leaks, and computer-based monitoring and surveillance systems that further improve the quality of the product. In addition, the company has applied a new modeling protection technology (the country’s exclusive source of financial prosperity in the East).
Large smelting steel (000708), which is to be linked to the acquisition of slicing steel and the birth of a world-class special steel dragon, solves the problem of casting and emulating secondary oxidation at home and abroad. In the direction of the company’s product manufacturing process, it consists mainly of rods and exercise.
One of the most advanced rolling steel production lines in the world was the introduction of a Danelli short-resistance circuitr, a German kocks three-packer, with automatic control and transmission systems for abb, a high-precision roller ratio and pressure, free-space (with decimal points), full-scale controlled cold, no reloading rounding, a cold-cooled in the back of a cold bed with a transvestite-combating translator.
When collected, the two cold beds are collected in a timely manner, allowing hard-rolling controls, 3 ultrasound + leaked magnetic flares to ensure high standard zero-deficit delivery of products, etc. The high alloys base has 16 tons of protective atmosphere slag furnaces, 6 tons of vacuum sensors and 6 tons of vacuum self-consumption furnaces, special smelting units such as electric fluid hammers, 8mn fast exercise machines, 20mn fast exercise machines, 45mn fast exercise machines and 16mn track exercise, 2.5 m loops, 5 m ring mills and heat stations
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 4: Corporate processes for the production of high-quality rods, Figure 5: Corporate processes for the production of high-quality exercise materials
1.2.2 Products should be used in high-end equipment for sustainable growth. Corporate products are highly structured and widely used in automobiles, railways, and mechanical manufacturing. Depending on the company’s income, they can be divided into four main groups of axis bearing steel, springing steel, stainless steel, and carbon-consolidated steel, in which the share of springs combined steel and bearing steel is increasing, while the carbon line is carbon-bound.
The Māori rate for carbon and steel is increasing with the improvement of the process; from the downstream sector of the product, the company's main revenue comes from the steel processing industry, the boiler and machinery manufacturing industry, the auto industry and the railway bearing industry, and the revenue from the downstream industry in 2018 as compared to the wealth of the East.
In November 2016, the State Council issued the 13th Five-Year Strategic and Emerging Industries Development Plan, which proposes further development of strategic and emerging industries such as the building up of high-end equipment and new materials. In December 2016, the Ministry of Trade and Finance and other ministries issued a joint Guidance for the Development of the New Materials Industry, proposing structural reforms along the supply side of the raw materials industry, focusing on priority areas such as the manufacture of high-end equipment, accelerating the adjustment of the product base of advanced materials.
The country is now moving from a major manufacturing country to a major manufacturing country, and as the country ' s economy ' s structural optimization is gradually deepening and the manufacturing industry is being transformed and upgraded, the high-end manufacturing industry, represented by the nuclear power industry, the high-speed railways and the automobile industry, is expected to achieve rapid and sustainable development and is expected to further boost the demand for medium- and high-end steel.
Figure 6: Large receipts of spring steel and axle bearing steel
Figure 8: Companies ' main downstream manufacturing of automobiles, railways and machinery
The productive capacity was largely released, and the growth of Māori Co-contributors ' performance was stabilized. 1) 900,000 tons of production line were released. The company ' s annual production capacity of 900,000 tons of high-quality special alloy steel rods was completed in November 2015 and the production line continued to be released in 2016-2018, with 24.27 million tons more in 2018 than in 2017, and the production line capacity is now largely released.
In the East, the financial boom has been sustained at a low level, with a high share of low indebtedness. 1) Good management and geographical location have kept the cost of company periods at a low level.The level of interest-bearing liabilities is generally low for the special steel companies, so the financial costs are at a lower level, while the big smelting steel is based on geographical advantages (which can be achieved in one way or another).
The company’s cost rate in 2017 was the lowest in listed steel companies and remained essentially stable at about 6 per cent. 2) The rate of dividends paid increased significantly, reaching 8.17 per cent.
External trade has made significant gains in expanding the market for internal quality improvements. 1) Continued innovation in import substitution, with a high-end variety of 960,000 tons. Companies have made significant efforts to develop new varieties, research and development production of new products has continued to grow, with over 300,000 tons of new products developed throughout the year in 2018, many of which have been certified/recommended through the second and third world certifications.
Prominent automobile companies have been certified. A 9.8% increase in the sale of steel bearings, a significant increase in the supply of high-end users such as skf, Timken, internationally recognized companies, filling up the domestic gap with steel for shield bearings, large-scale drilling drills, etc. Market access at the cutting edge, doubling the sales of high-temperature alloys, breaking the special stainless steel sales, and selling model steel, double vacuum products.
Sales have increased by more than 30%. 2) Overseas sales have been adjusted, and exports have grown in reverse. Companies, on the one hand, have been able to reach out to users in Europe and the United States by lowering the border, stabilizing sales in Europe and the United States, and, on the other hand, have focused on developing South-East Asian markets to increase sales in South-East Asia.
Total remittances increased by 44 per cent in the same year, significantly higher than the increase in exports.
Figure 17: Reverse growth in overseas sales in 2018
According to the Chinese Association of Special Steel Enterprises, our special steel production in 2018 amounted to some 44.07 million tons, while its crude steel consumption amounted to 928 million tons in the same period, or just 4.74%. According to the 12th Five-Year Special Plan for the Development of High-Quality Special Steel Technology, the global special steel ratio was between 10 and 15%, with Japan, Germany and the United States of America accounting for the share of special steel from developed manufacturing countries.
By 25%, 20%, and 10% respectively, the higher share of steel in these countries is the result, on the one hand, of high consumption of steel and, on the other hand, of a reduction in consumption of steel. The country’s crude steel consumption is expected to reach 1 billion tons in 2019, while conservatively predicting a gradual reduction in the country’s crude steel consumption in the future, at 10-20% per year, as the rate of urbanization rises and the country moves into the post-industrial phase.
By contrast, we can theoretically consume 120 million tons of special steel, with a growth space of up to 200 per cent, mainly in the areas of automobiles, high-iron aircraft and high-end equipment manufacturing.
In 2018, we imported 4.04 million tons of special steel, representing about 10 per cent of our annual special steel production, an increase of 20 per cent in the same year, bringing the total value of imports to $7 billion, with an average import price of $116.08 per tonne (at the exchange rate of 6.7).
At the same time, we export 26.2 million tons of special steel, representing 60 per cent of our annual production of special steel, totalling $21.2 billion, with an average export price of $5421 per ton. The above data show that our high-end steel exports depend on imports, while exports are dominated by medium- and low-end products, with import prices double that of figure 19: our imports of special steel continue to grow.
Figure 20: The volume of our special steel exports fluctuates significantly according to domestic conditions, figure 21: The unit price of our imports is significantly higher than the unit price of our exports, and our special steel industry is characterized by an oversupply of low-end and under-supply of high-end products.
High-, medium- and low-level: low-end steel products dominated by high-quality carbon steel: middle-end steel products represented by alloy steel (except stainless steel, tool steel, modular steel, high-speed steel): high-end steel products represented by stainless steel, tool steel, model steel, and high-speed steel. The country currently has 13.64% high-end steel, 66.15% middle-end steel and 20.21% low-end steel.
The top steel structure is dominated by medium- and low-end steel, which already has export capability, while the high-end steel production is insufficient and dependent on imports. The company’s main product is now dominated by medium- and high-end steel, with high-end products amounting to 960,000 tons, or about 40% of the company’s total output.
Figure 22: Special steel classification by stylline 2.2 High end-cum-cost control cycle is weaker than peer
According to my steel net research, 70-80 million tons of Utex steel plants were produced in 2018, with an average capacity utilization rate of 57%, 65% and 66% respectively in 2016-2018. The production lines for the production of Utex steel rods in 58 steel plants nationwide totalled 103, 80 of which were “specially” for the production of Utex rods, with a relatively stable production rate, while the production of 23 PHL lines of production was 23.
The ratio of high-end products among companies has been high, and the rate of gross-smelted steel has stabilized. In 2014-2018, the Māori rate of large smelting steel stabilized at 10-13%, and the price of tons of smelting steel was significantly higher than the price of screw steel, especially in the face of industry-wide losses in 2015.
From the company’s business management capacity. The current direct supply ratio in the company’s product distribution channels has reached 80%, while being managed efficiently and able to better guarantee the Māori rate by controlling costs, so we do not think that the future down-priced steel cycle will have a disproportionate negative impact on the company.
Figure 24: Māori rates for special steel sales are more stable.
In 2018, the company announced the purchase of 86.50% of the shares in the Xinhai steel, Xinhai, Xinhai, Qinghai and Xinyu, in the form of shares. In the case of Xinhai, Xinhai, Xinhai, Xinhai, Xinhai, Xinhai and Xinhai, Fu is holding the stock platform for Xin Xiaohai steel. A preliminary assessment of 100% of the shares in Xinjiang steel is valued at $26.8 billion, corresponding to 86.50% of the shares.
Both the client and the shareholder of the company, the new smelting steel and the investment of Tae Fu, are the same companies as those of the Sino-Sin Group, thus constituting an associated transaction. After the transaction was completed, the investment in the former major shareholder, the owner of the smelting steel, and the owner of the original shareholder, the co-operator of Tae Fu, together held 83.52% of the shares, while the five senior management platforms and other social shareholders held 16.48% of the shares.
Figure 25: Upon completion of the transaction, Tae Fu and his co-activists held 83.52 per cent of the shares of 3.1 Shintseng steel - a collection of Sinot steel members The target of this transaction is Sengtseng steel with about 12 million tons of special steel production capacity, alloy steel bars, alloy steel wires, seamless tubes,
In late 2017, high-end parts and components of cars were sold at the national level for 11 consecutive years; high-standard bearing steel was sold at the global level for nine consecutive years.
In late 2017, the Special Steel Corporation consolidated members other than the listed company, including Qingdao Special Steel Co. Ltd., Qingjiang Special Steel Co. Ltd., Jiang Xinhai Fuchen Special Materials Co. Ltd., Hubei New Metallurgical Steel Special Pipeline Co. Ltd., Hubei New Metallurgical Steel Special Materials Co. Ltd., Hungbei Special New Chemical Energy Technology Co. Ltd., Copper Mae Taefu Special Materials Ltd. and Yanzhou Special Materials Limited are limited
The company is currently owned by Qingjin, Qingjia, Jingjiang, Yellowstone “Four Main Manufacturing Bases” and Copper Mahals, and Yangzhou “Two Main Material Bases.” According to the company's business, the more important of these are Qingjiang Steel (old) and Qingjia Te Steel.
Figure 26: Main distribution of production bases
Table 3: Production and Use of Synchronized Steel
Large Metallurgical Steel (000708), which is intended to be linked to the acquisition of steel cutting, with the birth of a world-class special steel dragon 3.1.1 Scinding Steel (old) - which is more profitable than a listed company - has more than 8,500 employees and produces 5 million tons of iron, 6.9 million tons of steel and 6.6 million tons of wood per year.
The main equipment is imported from abroad, with production capacity for different processes, such as casting, molding, slags, double vacuums, with raw rods, 7 production lines, 2 medium plate production lines, and various specifications for "sticks, wires, plates, pallets" and the company's main product is mainly axle bearing steel, gear steel, spring steel, berth chain steel, curtain line steel, super plate, container steel, pipe line steel, high-strength-resistant steel, etc., which is widely applied to stone.
Hydrochemicals, engineering machinery, automobile steel, high-speed railways, marine engineering, wind power, new energy, etc. Companies are competitive.
Figure 28: Flowcharts of steel alloyed steel rods. Profits of steel (old) have continued to grow in recent years. As the shipboard market was relatively low in 2012, this led to the growth of steel in 2012.
After the year’s slump, companies regulated the product structure, increased their research and development of high-value-added products, and started to improve their business performance and increased their net profits. With the steel sector losing in 2015, they even achieved a reverse growth.
Figure 29: The profits of Sengchen steel (old) have been increasing since the valley. Figure 30: The Māori rate of Sengchen steel (old) is higher than that of Great Metallurgical Steel.
Qingjia Qingjia Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang Qingjiang was joined in May 2017 with an annual crude steel production capacity of 3.2 million tons, with sophisticated wires, sticks, flat steel lines and the introduction of state-of-the-art technological equipment, using full-line and non-strewn, micro-strike-rolling techniques. Qing Qingjiang Qingjiang Qing is committed to the following:
In addition, Qingdao Steel has formed a group of medium-high-end sub-Utter steel products, including bearing steel, car gear steel, spring steel, cut-off non-modified steel, engineering machinery steel, bridge cable steel, low-alloy high-intensity steel, high-pressure gold pipe steel, alloyed steel, alloy structure steel, anchor chain steel, grinding.
Qingjia steel is now the largest production base in Shandong province for the Utex steel line. It has a certain market share in the domestic market for Qingjia steel curtains, spring-coated steel, and welded steel.
One hundred million yuan. After taking advantage of its own management, using its own management advantages, it supports the optimization of the variety structure, the improvement of the quality of its products, scientific discharges, high output, and the realization of sales effectiveness; reduces efficiency gains, digs in the mark, conducts projects to reduce the scale of the loan, improves access to finance, effectively reduces operating and financial costs, and achieves a profit of 693 million yuan, according to the annual report of Sino-Kin shares.
A ton of steel profits of $230 per ton, and there is still room for upgrading as compared to $276 per ton by Shinjima. 3.2 After the acquisition is completed, the size and synergism of 13.5 million tons per year will account for about 30% of China’s total steel production capacity.
The city, and the company as a listed subject, will become a new medium-secret steel brand, comprising more than 3,000 steel species, more than 5,000 specifications, a fully organized, ultra-large domestic steel brand with annual capacity to produce 13.5 million tons of TT steel, and a strategic plan for the steel industry in response to the country's international dominance in the steel industry.
The company will be the most profitable and profitable company in the region. According to the announcement, the company will earn $6,646 million in 2018 and a net profit of $3,920 million. The merger will result in an increase of 816,71% in the size of the company’s assets and an increase of 664.90% in the net profit of the mother, compared to the base.
The cost-control capabilities and co-benefits of listed companies will become more pronounced when the acquisition is completed, considering that the portion of the acquisition subject matter is under construction leading to depreciation and amortization. The company announcement states that the bulk of the raw materials used by the major subsidiaries, including iron ore, coal, alloys, electrodes, etc., will be used by the Sino-Tefort Steel Company Ltd.
The implementation of a unified procurement platform facilitates economies of scale, efficiently lowers procurement costs, rationalizes inventory and improves overall economic efficiency. Companies, mainly through direct purchases, have established long-term stable partnerships with major raw material suppliers for goods that are priced transparently and subject to cyclical fluctuations, such as iron ore, coal, etc., and have entered into long-term agreements to ensure the supply of materials.
Flexible procurement practices are implemented to effectively reduce overall procurement costs.
According to the company's May 2018 announcement, the company will invest $735 million in high-quality steel production lines with a capacity of 30,000 tonnes/year.
The production line project will upgrade the existing exercise equipment by adding more advanced pressure and special smelting equipment to the original production process and optimizing the main process programme and equipment. The product programme will focus on high temperature/erobic alloys, special stainless steel, and high-end model steel for aerospace, ships, petrochemicals, turbines, mechanical manufacturing, new energy, etc.
The output capacity of 30,000 tons has enabled the company to reach a national high-prevalence class of equipment and product levels for the overall special smelting. The project has a two-year construction period and is expected to be completed by the end of 2019, reaching 14 per cent in 2020 (after taxes). 4.2 Participation in the re-engineering of the Glossic tubes has increased.
On 15 May 2019, the company convened a board of directors to consider the adoption of the bill on participation in the bankruptcy reorganization of Zhejiang Golos Coalbles Co. Ltd. and the acceptance of 100 per cent of the shares of Zhejiang Gros Co. Ltd., and agreed to provide $49,155 million (the final amount of the recapitalization will be based on the RMB 491.15 million agreed price adjustment mechanisms and settlement rules in accordance with the Agreement on Reorganization of Investments).
When this reorganization is completed, the company will have a 100% stake in the reorganization. By participating in the reorganization of the bankruptcy of the company, the listed company will have increased the production capacity of nearly 100,000 tons of special seamless steel tubes, while further developing the product sequences and specifications of the listed company in the production of seamless steel tubes.
Grauls has 1 ~820 slash lines and 1 ~1200 swirling lines. The main production equipment is: 820 sculpters, chillers, ring furnaces, step-by-step heat treatment stoves, high-cycle fluids, 45mn presses, 20mn bed presses, etc., with an annual production capacity of 80,000 tons of seamless steel tubes capable of producing 355-1200 mm in diameter, 10 to 200 mm wall thickness of large-calibre carbon steel, alloy steel and alloy steel.
According to the company announcement, the product of the 820-stamp steel line is highly materialized and the product is highly accurate. Under the same steel species, specifications and technology, the manufacturing costs of Gros are much lower than those of their peers, especially in the bulk of the cylinders and tubes market.
The product has been certified in a variety of ways, in the areas of power station boilers, oil, refining, seaworks, gas transmission, and the two-party certification and trilateral certification process is largely complete, many industries and projects, both domestic and foreign, have performed and qualified, have developed a certain market profile, and one of the partial segment of the market is Gloss, one of the very few enterprises in the country that can produce thick and thin-walled steel pipes simultaneously, using autonomous R & D, domestic R & D
Innovative slash-and-rolling processes optimized a new breakthrough in the country's technology for large-calibre, seamless steel pipe production using puncture stretching, large diameter (1200mm) large wall thickness (200mm) steel tubes, fire from slashing process for the production of high pressure cylinder tubes and large-calibre thick wall heated stainless steel tubes, large diameter high-size steel tube production using puncture-pluging and tilt-combined processes
Based on research on the profitability of the seamless steel pipe industry in 2018 and the profits of the first quarter of 2019, a conservative estimate of the average value of a ton of steel from a seamless steel pipe product of 500 to 1,000 yuan per ton per ton over the next three years will contribute annually, assuming that the company’s capacity is fully released after the reorganization.
5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals.
In the context of the upgrading of our manufacturing industry, the demand for special steel has continued to grow, and the weak cyclical properties of the special steel have contributed to steady growth in business performance. The size and synergy of listed companies have been significant, and there is room for further improvement in the Māori ratio, which is 11.01 times higher than the value level of the acquisition, both before and after the acquisition.
Special steel companies, which should have a fair valuation premium, maintain a firm’s “strongly recommended” rating. Downstream demand is less than expected; (2) acquisition restructuring is not overtaken by events.
Big Metallurgical Steel (000708) is to be associated with the acquisition of Shining Steel, the birth of a world-class special steel dragon, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Big Metallurgical Steel (000708), to be associated with the acquisition of Hing-ching Steel, the birth of a world-class special steel dragon.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
Ph.D. in Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2015-2018, product development and research work in bountiful steel, in-depth understanding and research of the products, technologies and production of the steel industry, and accession to the Eunghing Securities in May 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.