Salt Lake share (000792) Chemical ring q1 performance increased, potassium fat, lithium salt climate boosted performance South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incident: The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022, whereby 2022q1 is expected to become part of a listed company based on its resource advantages and to build two taps of Chinese potassium-fat lithium salt. The company is located in the Salt Lake of Qing Haechar Khan, with 540 million tons of potassium chloride, and 12 million tons of lithium chloride, all of which are in the top position in China. The company has produced potassium chloride.
With 5 million tons, or about 60 per cent of the country ' s capacity, and 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate, the country ' s top three, the average market price for battery-grade lithium carbonate was 432,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 102.2 per cent in the ring comparison, and the Department had achieved the sale of 1.45 million tons of potassium chloride, 0.67 million tons of lithium carbonate and a full increase in the price of the company.
The global imbalance in the distribution of potassium salt resources has led to oligopolistic patterns in the potassium fertilizer sector, which have remained largely stable in recent years, and to limited future growth in capacity. At the demand side, rising agricultural prices boosted demand for potassium fertilizer, with global demand for potassium fertilizer growing by 6.1 per cent in 2021.
Export of Russian and Belarusian potassium fertilizer producers has been blocked by geopolitical and sanctions. The price of potassium fertilizer has risen rapidly, with a price of 590 United States dollars per ton in 2022 and 700 United States dollars per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton per toe per ton per ton per ton per ton per ton.
Lithium in Salt Lake, the price of which is expected to rise in 2022. In 2021, our power battery loads increased by 125% on a year-on-year basis, and the price of potassium carbonate, which is driven by the high demand downstream, rose rapidly. The current market price for battery-grade products is 480,000 yuan per tonne.
Sub-devices were put into operation in 2021 and will generate 30,000 tons of capacity in 2022, which will be accompanied by a significant increase in the performance of the company’s lithium salt plate.
At the same time, the expansion of lithium salt production during the 14th Five-Year Period has ensured the company’s future growth. We value the company 15 times as much in 2022 as 1.1 Itozar Khan Salt Lake resources and build the country’s titanium tiles.
Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Ltd. is a large state-owned enterprise managed by the Qinghai State Finance Committee. The company relies on the resource advantages of the Totshar Khan Salt Lake.
In 1997, the Salt Lake Industries Group Ltd. (the Salt Lake Group) reorganized the potassium chloride business into the Salt Lake Potty Co. Ltd. (the Salt Lake Potty Co. Ltd.) and landed in the market. In 2008, the Salt Lake Group landed in the market.
The Salt Lake Industries Ltd. (the “Saline Lake” shares) is the company’s most central asset. The Salt Lake is located in the Zayda River basin on the north-east side of the Qingzhou Plateau, the largest soluble potassium magnesium salt deposit in the Central African Republic, containing a wealth of natural resources such as potassium, sodium, magnesium, baboon, lithium, bromine, etc.
The total area of the lake is 5856 square kilometres, the entire salt lake is divided into two parts by the Blue Sea Railway, and the shares of the Tibetan and Salt Lake, respectively, have mining rights in both East and West. The company has mining rights in two mining areas, the potassium magnesium salt beach and the potassium magnesium salt mine in Tsalkan, with a combined area of 3,700 square kilometres.
The company produces about 200 million cubic metres of potassium fertilizer per year, and its lithium ion concentration is 200-250 mg/L, i.e., the combined lithium resource of each year's discharge of the same halo. Lithium chloride is 200,000-300,000 tons, which can support the production of 15-16 million tons of lithium carbonate, providing a viable source for the development of the company's lithium salt industry.
The business of potassium fertilizer is the company's ballast stone. The product of potassium chloride is designed to produce up to 5 million tonnes/year.
Lithium salt is the company’s booster. The company was a pioneer in the salt lake lithium industry in the country, and its controlling subsidiary, the Blue Lithium industry, introduced in 2010 the sorption-halogenated lithium technology, breaking the critical technology of lithium from high magnesium to halowater, and built 10,000 in 2016.
In addition, in 2017, the company, in cooperation with Biadi, set up a subsidiary, Sal Lake Biadi, to build 30,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity, which is currently being tested in lithium lifting technology.
The company’s first shareholder is Qinghai, holding 13.86% of the company’s shares, and the effectively controlling person is the Qinghai State Finance Committee, and the Centralized Group is the company’s second shareholder, holding 8.16% of the shares. According to the company’s semi-annual report of 2021, six of the company’s top ten shareholders held 36.31% of the total shares, and six banks were former corporate creditors and transferred their debts through the company’s bankruptcy.
In order to overcome the risks of product monomerization, the company actively explores the integrated development of salt lake resources outside the original potassium fertilizer industry.
Use, integrated use of salt lake resources I-II, Heinarpvc integration project, Oceaninadc blowing agent project, Golden Magnesium integration project, Lithium in the Blue Lithium Industry project, among others, for products such as pvc, methanol, potassium alkali, urea, cement, magnesium metal, lithium carbonate, etc. However, the company chemical panel is due to the lack of security of raw materials supply and to certain deficiencies in the design of the company ' s installations.
The failure to produce high loads of tiles and metal magnesium plates led to a substantial loss in the company from 2017 to 2019. In 2019, the company, through a judicial reorganization, removed loss plates such as the salt lake magnesium industry and the Heinegen Chemical industry, and retained only high-quality potassium chloride and lithium carbonate plates in the main business, with a rapid recovery in profitability.
With the removal of chemical and metal magnesium plates, the company ' s income structure has returned to potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, which contributed 81.5 per cent to lithium chloride and 7.6 per cent to lithium carbonate in the first half of 2021, while other operations accounted for only 10.9 per cent.
The company ' s potassium chloride is subject to production cycles, equipment repairs, factors of production, climatic conditions, etc., with some fluctuations in annual sales, with the company producing 5.02 million tons of potassium chloride and marketing 4.65 million tons in 2021. Lithium carbonate plates, with the installation of part of the construction project, produced 22.7 million tons of lithium carbonate and sold 19.2 million tons in that year.
Figure 8: The sales volume of lithium carbonate from the company 2017-2021 is 17 times higher in 2022 than in previous years, when we selected potassium International, the Eastern Tower, the Tibetan Mining Company, the Lithium Tianqi Industries, and the average of five companies.
At the same time, the demand for lithium potassium fertilizer and lithium salt downstream during the “14’s” period was not as high as expected, and the production of lithium carbonate project was not proceeding as expected. No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for, and will not be obtained for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.