Glossy Glass (600660) cars. 22 years of performance, increased profits from exchange gains, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Foreign exchange gains have increased and globalization has continued; 23,563 million domestic vehicle sales over 22 years (as a result of the China-China Air Association) have increased by +9.5 per cent, global vehicle sales have been equal to +1 per cent, and corporate performance has made a significant run-off, of which, influenced by the appreciation of the foreign currency in the United States dollar, firms are expected to maintain a high annual exchange rate, which is expected to increase effectively.
There has been a marked improvement in profitability, growing corporate globalization, and increasing resilience to risks. The share of high-value-added products has led to growth: in the light of the trend towards car intelligence, more and more new functions have been integrated into car windows. According to us, "Footing Glass: Global Glass Glasses," electric power.
In the calculation of the smart drive, the skyglass was estimated to be about $1,500-2000, double the conventional skylights, and the size of the skyglass market is expected to be 61% and 37% in 25/30. The front windshields of the combined w-hud, anar-hud function have increased several times more than the average glass.
• Supply chains and cost advantages contribute to an increase in global market share: the automotive glass industry has a high concentration pattern, with over 80% of the world’s cr4. Companies have been able to rely on stable supply chains and cost advantages since 2006.
In August 22, the company issued an announcement that the additional investment in Fok Qing factory, Chengzhou factory, and the United States factory would be used for capacity expansion, and that the company would be focused and profitable compared to its competitors.
The advantages of power, R & D, etc., are evident, with a further increase expected in 23 years, and companies are expected to have less than expected allocation of value-added products as industry; exchange rate fluctuations risk.
The spherical layout continues to advance (2022-10-21) 2. Glossy glass (600660): slightly higher than expected performance, glass of glossy (600660): global faucet of car glass,
Powered intelligentness drives a price rise (2022-05-29) Assuming 1: benefit from an increase in intelligent penetration, with higher value-added products such as skyscreen glass, hud glass increasing, with
(b) Assuming that adverse factors such as an epidemic, a shortage of chips, an increase in raw materials and shipping prices are mitigated, and that the profitability of companies is gradually being reduced.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for the period 2022-2024 as follows: