The stock share found a gold dividend of $10.0 (including taxes). The share of higher value-added products continued to rise and the product structure did not improve.
The company’s industrial chain is well-developed, the industry’s ecology is better, core technical q4 income is rising steadily, and profits are growing at a high rate. In 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $28.10 billion, which is also the result of a 17.4% increase in sales costs throughout the year.
(c) Financial costs decreased by 247.2 per cent from year to year, mainly due to exchange rate gains resulting from exchange fluctuations; and research and development costs increased by 25.2 per cent from year to year, mainly as a result of technological upgrading and increased value-added research and development;
Total profits increased by 6.7% over the year, q4 of which increased by 18.7% over the year.
Interest rate rises by 9.3 pct on a year-on-year basis (the exchange rate, the increase in the price of raw materials, etc. leads to a lower base for the same period), net repatriation optimization, and income and performance are expected to continue to grow. High-value-added products are expected to increase their share, and performance is expected to grow rapidly.
In comparison with the same period the previous year, there was an increase in high-value-added products, such as glass, radiable glass, and glass upshows.
(a) A breakthrough in the core technical areas of key-forming processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.;
As the share of high-value-added products increases, the Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agents) Ltd. will continue to improve and its performance is expected to increase rapidly.
Global production is expanding, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise. In 2022, the company issued an announcement to invest $650 million more in Fukuyo Glass America, of which $300 million was spent on the construction of a platinated car glass, using the market price as a standard on March 24, 2023.
Projects such as production lines, steeled laminates and windows, $350 million for two lines of one kiln (Floating glass completed offshore investment project filing on 16 March of the year, and obtained an out-of-country investment project filing notice from the National Development and Reform Commission. Corporate global capacity continued to expand, facilitating more targeting.
(b) The promotion of higher levels of market participation and sustained growth in performance: " Glass of Favour: rapid growth in performance, optimized product structure and 1) lower than expected sales of motor vehicles; 2) the risk of competitive price reductions in the market; and 3) the pressure on raw materials to rise.
Global Growth of Productions 2020901 Glass of Fulfill: Short-term Delayed Performance in Income Growth, Exchange Exchanges and Freight Costs 2020320
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.