The company issued a performance forecast for 2023, which is expected to result in a net return in 2023.
During the reporting period, the company's traditional idc business was steadily moving forward, with the total number of installed cabinets and single cabinets continuously increasing. According to the announcement, in 2023, the company delivered a total of five new data centres with a combined delivery of about 3w cabinets and project delivery steadily advancing.
According to the 52-week maximum price/minimum price layout, the company ' s 220kv transformer power station in the porch park has been officially delivered, with a maximum power supply of 960mw, the amount of electricity needed to support the subsequent development of the porch park: the core resource reserve for the out-of-column project is available.
The company has already completed the delivery of half of its pure liquid cold intelligence centre, while the company has deployed computing modules in several of its hangars in the Mirang and Lake Peace areas, except for national production.
The chip tests, hardware and software adaptations are in addition to external computing services, and the related aidc-related operations are expanding well and the corresponding revenue scale is increasing. According to the company announcement, the aidc industry was operating in 2023 for less than $1 billion.
Model planning, establishment of a stable ecological partnership with end-users, network cards, switchboards, servers, etc., and joint completion of the aidc engine room design.
• Rune Technology (300442.sz) - Reorganisation of Campus Data Centre Enterprise, Joint Investment Proposal: Upwarding of Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of `Increased' Ratings
The company's business expansion was successful, and revenue contributions continued to accelerate over the past three quarters, based on this upward trend. The expansion went well, looking at the potential for development and maintaining an “enhanced” rating.
Figure 2: Single-season revenue and speed of growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase (in millions, per cent) on lune technology
Figure 6: Cost rates for lune technology period (in %) Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for lune technology (in %) Previously, based on corporate master planning and project delivery progress, and due to short-term project delivery in Fushan and Huezhou
Slower than previously expected, low-power machine remodelling will affect short-term profits. Based on this, a downscaling of company revenue in 2023, company aidc's business expanded well, and on the one hand, the galleries' cold data centre has been installed faster, and on the other hand, the company has deployed computing modules in several machine rooms in the corridor and Lake Peace to provide arithmetic services to the outside world.
With regard to Māori rates, which affect short-term Māori rates in the short term, Māori rates in the new smart business, which are lower in the medium- to long-term, and which are expected to be repaired gradually with the increase in the number of Māori in the medium- to long-term, and based on this adjustment in the cost rates, assuming a steady decline in overall cost rates, including financial costs, as a result of corporate financing channels
The expansion, with average interest rates on loans expected to remain steady, and interest costs as a whole manageable. The investment proposal is that corporate aidc’s business expands well and continues to accelerate its revenue contribution over the last three quarters, and on the basis of this upward trend, competition in the idc sector has intensified.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject