Xuxia Tang Xuxia.
Corporate bulletins: In January-February 2022, FMC statistics show a positive growth in sales of the same volume of goods sold in a narrow range of vehicles. The company achieved an increase of about 25% in business income as compared to the initial accounting of the company in January-February 2022, and the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by about 5% as compared to the same period.
Roughly 300 million (year + 5 per cent) with a corresponding net interest rate of about 12.5 per cent. Overall, the company performed well during the quarter, which we believe is related to the recovery of production from January to February, the solar system and the emergence of a new self-owned brand client, and the company's performance is expected to improve on a quarterly basis after the chip has subsided. 2) Client dimension, 2 March 2022, according to the official public name of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the stock of the company.
In January-February 2022, according to the company announcement, companies achieved an increase of about 25% in business income and a 5% increase in net return to their mothers.
Tens of thousands, 1.8% less than the same year, and the company ' s January-February 2022 growth rate exceeded the industry growth rate by 11.4 pct, against a background of a lack of cores, an increase in the price of raw materials, etc., showing the company ' s growth over industry. This is due to the high profit margins in the first quarter of last year, which began to be affected by the rise in the cost of raw materials in the third quarter of last year, and the company ' s profits in the first quarter of this year.
The rate has shown signs of improvement in the ring ratio. Overall, companies perform well in a quarter, which we believe is related to the recovery of public production in January-February, the solar system, and the emergence of new brand-owned clients, and it is expected that the company’s performance will improve on a quarterly basis after the chip’s easing.
Table 1: Performance of Starwoo's key client sales to date, based on data from the Federation's wholesale calibre)
On March 2, 2022, the stock of the company was awarded a credit certificate for "good product safety" and the "good product safety supplier" was awarded a certificate of honor. The "good product safety supplier" is a vehicle quality assurance analysis centre of a car company, Volkswagen Limited, which gave priority suppliers excellent performance in the 2021 psb upgrade.
A total of 98 vendors participated in the event, which resulted in only seven. In 2022, the Stars Unit was dedicated to research, development and innovation, and paid off its clients with better performance.
Investment proposal: 1-February, corporate performance is robust, global van lead potential is long-term, “buy-in” rating is maintained Investment recommendation: short-term dimensions, expected firm performance is robust in the quarter, which we believe is related to the recovery of public production in January-February, the solar system and the emergence of new brand-owned clients, and is expected to improve the performance of the company on a quarterly basis after the chip has subsided.
The light industry trends have proven that companies actively embrace new technologies and front-end new customers, industry chains in synergy and outreach circles, and overseas construction is steady and logical. Short-term absence cores do not alter industry needs, and companies have long-term potential for global lights.
The company Topper Group conducts comparative corporate valuations (which are close to the market value of comparable companies), with three comparable companies having averaged about 21 times the average perpe in 2023. Industry core risk; domestic downside risk; annual downside risk; and raw material price volatility risk.
XXXII: Strategic Co-operative Rainbows, Industrial Chains Co-help Pre-Vigilances Lamp Productions Kin Securities-Son Stock - 601799-2021 Mid-Year Review: Overperformance, Pixel Prelights Development Successes - 2021-08-31: Stars Stock - 601799-2020 and 2021 Quarterly Reviews: Meeting Expectations, New Orders, New Productions, New Technology Break-throughs -
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them