On 25 March, the company released its annual report for 2021, which generated revenues of $7.9 billion in 21 years, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $950 million, a decrease of 18 per cent in the same year.
q4 is more affected by a lack of cores for clients such as the general public. 21q4 revenue fell by 13% year-on-year, mainly as a result of a large drop in the volume of sales. 21q4 sales to major large clients: a 23% drop in the general population (about 40% of the income), a 12% increase in the wealth (about 15% of the income), a 12% increase in the red flag, an East wind, a daily production.
Raw materials, labour, and solidification affect Māori rate of 3 pct. The 21-year revenue from car lamps was $7.05 billion, an increase of 2. Q2 income ring growth, 3 per cent expansion of capacity and 3.1 pc decrease in Māori ratio, with an increase in raw materials affecting 1.0 pct and an increase in labour costs.
Impact on 0.9 pct (27 per cent increase in labour costs compared to the same year); increase in manufacturing costs impact 1.3 pct (in-progress 3. " Solar Open +adb volume production, energy expansion into the process of consolidation, resulting in a 22 per cent increase in manufacturing costs on the same basis).
The company disclosed a 25% increase in revenue from January-February 22 years and a 5% increase in net profit from January-February. The faster growth in income was mainly due to the revival of households, such as the general public, the red flag, the gas industry, toyota, and the release of new items of the autonomous brand.
Interstate-affected companies have temporarily shut down their state plants, q1 is actually or will be below this increase) in response to new orders that have been raised, benefiting from continuous upgrades of smart car lights such as adb, dlp, etc. The company has taken over about $13.5 billion over 21 years of new project orders, including adb headlights, dlp headlights, and car light controllers.
Between the beginning of 2022 and mid-March, a new order of $4 billion was taken over. The company’s adb lights, the oled taillights, were produced, and in February 22, the company, in collaboration with China, will lead the smart-light industry.
Qiu Wei Risks from the rise in raw materials: chip shortage mitigates less than expected risk: less than expected risk from downstream customers; less than expected wind from overseas factory orders.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment