The company published its 2021 annual report, which generated operating income of $7.91 billion during the reporting period.
1. Industry as a whole is under pressure, and corporate competition patterns have changed slowly: during the reporting period, the company generated $7.9 billion in operating income, compared with +8.01 per cent. In 2021, the industry was under pressure due to a lack of cores, rising raw materials, epidemics, etc., but the company’s combined revenues grew positively and performed well throughout the year.
Automobile parts earned 7,089 million, or 3.19 per cent of the year, of which 7,048 million, or 2.81 per cent, was spent on headlights, 15.34 million, or 10.87 per cent, of the year, with controls, structural changes in the company ' s internal operations, highlighting the continuing competitiveness in a complex environment.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Lights, year-on-year +16.54 per cent, with 2,148 million vehicles sold year-on-year, i.e. only 6.4 per cent, public 12 months of maximum/minimum space. 3) Companies have earned 9,732 million operating earnings abroad, which indicates that the Serbian factory has just been installed in Serbia.
The internationalization has begun. Quarterly short-term pressure, without changing the company’s long-term value.
Carlight operations: 22.93 per cent, corresponding to 3.1 ptt; Triangular Alert: Triangular Māori Rate-Team: Half-yearly rating of Starwood shares; overperformance, overseas outreach, technology R & D
In the case of car lights, the decline in the Māori rate is mainly due to the impact of the company ' s raw materials, manual and gestation rates on Māori (0.98 ptt), labour costs affecting Māori rates of about 0.93 ptt, manufacturing costs, and a steady quarterly review of the S.A. shares.
With an impact of about 1.3 pct. The larger increase in labour and manufacturing costs is mainly due to new plant products that are not yet effectively used at 100%, are in the slope phase, depreciation amortization and production efficiency equally.
Divisional phases have been affected, but with good financial data, excellent products, research, development and service capabilities, companies have increased their competitive power in the context of the prevailing environmental pressures, and the current sequence has expanded: 1) in 2021, companies took over 62 vehicle-type light development projects, and new ones have been developed.
The project provides a strong guarantee of future performance; 2) new project orders received in 2021 approximately 13.5 billion, including adb headlights, dlp headlights, high-addition products such as carlight controllers, and about three months from 2022 to 2022, the company acquired about 4 billion more
Project. We find that when the industry as a whole is under pressure, companies are moving forward, highlighting the core competitiveness of leading firms. We should look at the short-term situation and point to the company’s 2022 dynamic p31 and maintain its “buy-in” rating.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.