Deepening the reform of the business sector, the new product-changing "big and strong" cycle 28/08/2022 Conveying consensus that deepening organizational change is the basis for "second entrepreneurship": upgrading from older products, price models
\triangleright has evolved to a “one-stop shop, multi-share” channel model, which has gradually moved into deep water. Since 2021, the company has been focusing on the reform of the structure of the Ministry of Enterprise, which is around “the marketing headquarters, the department of business, and the war of the Ministry of Industry”,
The structure of marketing organizations has been refined from a “regional” to a “61 marketing departments”, with the downward and organizational dynamics of “camps” and “sales” activated, and the introduction of “shifting mechanisms” has provided talent protection for forward development.
Impediments. The dividends of the reforms are expected to continue to be released: according to the sub-region, the 22h1 out-of-provincial market generated $9,912 million, or home), and 4,924 out of the province (866 more, 1134 fewer, or 268 less).
The sea, the sky, the dream, rejuvenate, and start a new cycle of "Big-to-Eight." By product, the top 22h1 is reported in a two-year period: a fast-growing performance, a change dividend.
The company's strategy of “high-end lead cards, major-power growth brands, popular fundamentals brands” was followed by the launch of 22 editions of the Blue Sea, Dreams 3.
Blue Handicrafts (master) and upgrading digital products, accelerating the development of channels such as m6+ National Star Hotels, etc., product life-cycle re-engineering, ship sailing 2022011 3-2022/01/14
In the future, a process of structural upgrading from Sea Sky to Dreams will be promoted at the national level or accelerated. 4. Three-quarterly review of ocean river shares (002304) and impact rates such as direct labour, pay increases, etc.
\triangleright Report: Unrecurring gains and losses perturbing profits, Dream Blue Lead 73.94%, year-0.49pcts; net interest rate 36.49%, year-on-year +0.04pcts.
5. Ocean River Shares (002.04): "Four Doctrines" for long-term investment proposals: We believe that the reform measures since the company started a second enterprise have gradually deepened and become institutionally superior, that reconstruction has been accompanied by a steady increase in profits from the dominant product channel under digital marketing guarantees.
The dynamic of product upgrading is already being built, and companies are expected to make a breakthrough at the sub-higher end of the dream 6+. \triangleright, the growing competition in the market, and the nationalization of the dream blues are not as much as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.