Ocean River shares (002304.sz) have grown steadily in the second quarter, and high-end and nationalization have continued to advance.
With a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in non-performance under the 20202 river, the contract liability remains high at billions of yuan (+21.8 per cent) and net profit of $6.64 billion (+28.5 per cent) is deducted from the mother. The 22q2 company alone achieved a profit of $1.74 billion (+28.6 per cent) and a marginal increase in the non-performance acceleration ring over the performance of the company under the epidemic.
The bright side, on the one hand, is that the company’s strong marketing organization and the viability of its products has been fuelled by deep restructuring of its marketing structure and the overall upgrading of its blue classic products, and, on the other hand, the company’s “70-day” special marketing campaign since April, and the end-marketing has been improving since May.
It's mainly a decline in cash payments by distributors of the epidemic and various taxes and fees paid, cash paid to employees $735.70 million.
The deduction of non-net interest rates increased by 1.9 pct to 35.1 per cent, mainly by: 1) companies focus on the White Wine industry and continue to optimize product structure, Māori rates are largely stable; 2) spending on decentralized spending efficiency and the impact of the epidemic has resulted in lower cost rates, 22h1 sales/management costs compared to the same rate
Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) - The dividends of marketing reform and product upgrading continue to be released, the logic of high-end and nationalization continues to evolve, and the underlying trend opens up medium- and long-term growth space upwards.
Intra/outside company revenue of 86.199.1 million yuan (+21.3 per cent/+28.8 per cent) increased by the same ratio.
Now that the company's blue classic series has been upgraded, the dream blue and sky blues have become new and old.
Recurring gains affect performance, q1 revenue and non-profit expectations - goal, nationalization trends have started, and the growth base of companies can be sustained upwards. Continued enjoyment of the sub-higher expansion dividend has led to steady performance growth, sustaining profitability projections, and companies are projected to be 2022-2024.
With a steady increase in revenue and a steady increase in non-performance under the 20002 river, the contract liability remains at a high level of the second half of the year's savings. 22h1 achieved a return of $18.91 billion (+21.7 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $6.89 billion (+28.6 per cent) from the mother, resulting in a modest increase in the non-performance acceleration ring.
The company's dynamism and productivity were boosted by the deep restructuring of its marketing structure and the overall upgrading of its blue classic products, while the company's “70 days of drying” special marketing activities since April, which led to a continuous improvement in its end-market sales in May. The cash flow of 22h1 companies was under pressure, and the company's 22h1 collects $12.9 billion.
The ratio of high-end alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-end alcohol to high-end alcohol to high-quality alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value to high-value alcohol to high-value alcohol to high-value to high-rate rates to increase net interest rates.
To 73.9 per cent The blues of the sea are expected to grow faster as a result of upgrading, and the dream blues are expected to fall faster as a result of a limited rounding down of the feast scene.
22H1 sales/management rates have fallen by 0.8 pct/0.7 pct to 7.9 per cent/6.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and tax payments have been made, high-end and nationalized logic continues to evolve, and fundamental trends have opened up medium- and long-term growth space. 22H1 Color Classic series upgrades have been completed, dream blues and sky blues have been replaced by old and new ones in May.
Blue imports into the market. Dream 6+ as a strategic single item at the corporate level, the sword is a $10 billion sales target, and the trend towards nationalization has started and continues to strengthen the basis for corporate growth. Investment advice: the firm’s target of growth of 15% or more this year is expected to be successfully met, and it is expected that the company will continue to enjoy it.
Performance growth driven by sub-high end expansion dividends and maintenance of profit projections, company projections 2022-2024, ps. 3: Māori rate of single-quarter sales of river shares (in %) Schedule: financial projections and valuations
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject