Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) The company published its semi-annual report for 2022: 22h1 achieved revenues of $18,808 million, a year-on-year increase.
• Dream series continues with high rates of income growth, both within and outside the province.
The income from wine is $104 million, compared to +14.71%. By region, the income from within/outside the province of 22h1 is up to 53.5%. At present, the new edition of the sea and the sky have been upgraded and are still in the middle of the market outside the province.
In the upper province 600 + high-line sub-high-end and fast-disbursed, the m3 crystal is capped, the 400 + main-price zone in the province takes advantage of the banquet market, and the dream series continues.
On the cost side, operating costs rose to suppress Māori, with operating costs of RMB 4,927 million in 22h1, compared to +23.98 per cent, with direct materials and direct labour of RMB 3,536,716 million, respectively, down by 2.46 pct-79.52 per cent from the medium and high liquor rates, and 1.12 pt from the general wine rates.
At the beginning of the year, the company restructured the country's 20+ marketing district into 61 departments and actively promoted young people into the management of the Ministry of Industry, and improved the pay system stimulated the company's dynamism and implementation.
"Flexible plus inter-period" tests, with emphasis on prices and stocks, with emphasis on healthy development. After the sea blue has been upgraded, the ocean-blue classics have been remodeled in full series, the company's incremental lifts have matched the upward trend, and the focus on dream series accelerates product structural optimization. Moreover, companies control price stability through digital systems.
1. Ocean River shares (002.04); marginal acceleration and continuous optimization of the distribution structure, maintenance of good industry relations, and adequate channel confidence and thrust. Considering the gradual improvement of the economy in the aftermath of the epidemic and beyond, the need to recover the dividends of corporate reform is expected to accelerate relief.
q3 completes the year, and the performance level is still very certain. Given the multidimensional improvements following the company’s deep adjustment period, we expect the Ocean Dream series to continue to grow, accelerating the 600-billion-dollar monolith, and the sea and sky series to be updated with hope of joining forces to achieve robust growth.
The risks associated with the spread of the epidemic, as well as the risks associated with macroeconomic and intra-provincial competition, are exacerbated by the use of legal compliance information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, the accuracy or completeness of which I do not provide any assurance, nor any change in the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.