Ocean River shares have entered the reform dividend period, with two quarters exceeding expectations. Ocean River shares have published their 22-year semi-annual reports.
+21.7% net profit from the mother, $6.89 billion, equal to +21.8%, net gain from the non-mother, $6.64 billion, and half-yearly assessment of the ocean river shares in 2022. Ton prices have continued to rise, with the extra-provincial increases faster than in the province.
The company’s product price was 177,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the same year, and the company’s product structure continued to be optimized, and the new edition of the Sea Blue was successfully imported into the market in June, following the dream of 6+ and the successful upgrading of the Crystal version.
In addition, in the context of the outbreak, business scenes have been damaged, and the projected 6+ growth in the 2-quarters is slower than in the dream 3 crystals and sea and sky products. (3) 1-h22 dealers total 7769.
The decrease in the number of distributors is related to the reform of the company’s channels and the policy of excellence. Cost is better regulated, the turnover tax rate is reduced, the non-net interest rate is deducted for two quarters and the same rate rises for two quarters, and after nearly three years of restructuring, the company is gradually entering the reform dividend period.
The crystals and the blues of the sea have been successfully upgraded, with the blues of the sea completing the market by mid-autumn and entering the drop point. The ditches enjoy a low base and are still in the process of being marketed by vendors, and revenue growth is expected to continue.
30%+. (2) Channels, companies recombinant the channel chain, and business relations are more harmonious. (3) Organizational structure, corporate division by brand, clear lines of responsibility, and overall efficiency of the organization. Companies promote pay management and performance appraisal methods, with annual payrolls for management team members.
On August 26, 2022, 2022, market prices were used as the standard, and the outbreak was repeated, the consumption scene was missing and the product was not upgraded as expected.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wineii