Researchchand developingcenter 2020: Deepening the Reforms, Returning Values
– In-depth report by the P5 (000858) Recapitulation 2020: Deeper Reforms, Returning Values, Investment Proposals: Focus Group Purchases and Digital Empowerment, and the Second Reform Dividend of P5 Reforms are continually released.
According to the company announcement, in 2020 the company is expected to achieve a gross operating income of around 57.2 billion yuan, an increase of about 14 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of around 19.9 billion yuan, an increase of about 14 per cent over the same year.
To achieve the goal of double-digit growth at the beginning of the year, the 13th Five-Year Award was successful. In 2020, the company responded to the epidemic with a “triple-up” approach that accelerated the digital transformation of the five grain fluids, both online at the five grainy cloud store and through the launch of the Digital Wine Certificate, with industry poles.
We expect that 2020-2022 will optimize the traditional channels, accelerate the development of the channels, and accelerate the increase in the share of firms.
The company optimizes the amount of its existing traditional business plans by reducing the 4000-ton traditional distribution quota, makes clear that it does not increase the number of traditional businesses, no longer develops traditional channels, and that the marketing team is on the front line, buying customers with the distribution consortium, and building new business relationships.
The central goal is to upgrade the product, reach the end of consumption, nurture opinion leaders, and build high-level markets.
At the beginning of 2020, the company entered into a cooperation agreement with Kyoto to launch a full-scale “Digitalization of the White Liquor Supply Chain” service to accelerate the development of the Five Grain Disassembly Networking System and to jointly promote the full-chain supply of five grains and liquid products.
In response to the outbreak, the “Five Grain Clouds” has been online, providing marketing interactions and non-contact product distribution services that are integrated offline. The new retail company was formed to mark the five grains.
The percentage of share in circulation a (%) moves towards digitalization, creating a vertical ecological enabling platform. The Digital Liquor project uses digital technology to enable digital hyphenation of block chains to be matched with the five-food fluids in-kind products
By anchoring, exploring new growth in digital consumption that combines consumption, investment, collections, storage, and gifts, the company has reached a “m2c” sales model that enhances the management of online channels while providing higher-quality services to consumers.
In 2020, the Department continued to implement a thinner strategy by upgrading the product lines of the series, creating super-high-end products, and bringing back brand values.
In addition to this, the company has introduced super-high-end products – classic five-food fluids – to create a culture of high-end markets in which opinion leaders have fostered a culture that promotes a better system of core products, higher grades and greater recognition for consumption.
It offers a richer and better-quality choice, highlighting the return of brand values. Looking ahead, making a steady move forward, capturing high-quality development opportunities, and continuing to build the advantages of a group purchasing channel. 1218 Sindh Securities Inc.
At the General Assembly, Mr. Lee Jong-gwang, Chairman of the Group, judged that “the opportunity is greater than the challenge, and `145' will become a critical window and strategic opportunity period for a new round of high-quality development of the five grains”.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Street of the City of the West Side, in the pursuit of high-quality development in terms of quality improvement, expansion and expansion, on the basis of the “building in steady progress”, the dividends of the second reform are continually released around the three key words “innovation, transformation, leapfrogging”.
Corporate acquisition channels are still moving forward, with the target of 30% share achieved by 2021. Catalysts for stock prices: higher prices for liquid plants; projected warming of inflation; risk factors: macroeconomic uncertainties; increased risks associated with industry competition
In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the five-food fluids accelerated the process of transition, seeking consumption in both group purchasing and new retail sales to compensate for the loss of traditional channels and successfully meeting their annual double-digit growth targets. According to the market, the hard work of the five-food fluids was hampered by plant prices, and the five-food fluids were still weak on their waist products, affecting their further development.
We believe that the second reform dividend of the five grains is still in the release phase, and that corporate leadership has a deep understanding of industry development. Changes in channels that are driven by increased competition in the white wine industry are inevitable.
On the one hand, in the face of a change in the market based on a “consumer-centred” approach, the control of the consumer’s terminal determines the control of the enterprise over the channel, and the goods eventually flow to the consumer. On the other hand, the price of the group’s purchases is usually higher than the price of the traditional channel, which is conducive to a rise in the price of the branded wine plate, while also increasing the price of the product.
Digitalization is an important transformation in the development of the white wine industry. Market expansion in the white wine industry is moving from “channel-centred” to “consumer-centred” and, as public consumption takes over from the public consumption to the consumption of white wine, the consumption of white wine is becoming a strong force.
Through digitization, alcohol companies are able to capture consumer consumption habits, meet consumer individualization and differentiated demand, and provide consumers with better service experiences, thereby increasing consumer recognition of products and generating a certain degree of sticky consumption. Through internal and external cooperation platforms, business data continues to be deposited, and by digging for data.
These data can facilitate more accurate and scientific marketing decisions for businesses. As digital change accelerates, digitization or cuts through the entire industry chain, providing opportunities for change in business thinking, organizational restructuring, and business model change.
Therefore, we believe that, first, the build-up and digitalization of the five grains during the past year has been a landmark and a high degree of convergence with industry development, reflecting the leadership’s accurate understanding of industry development. Secondly, the increase in the share of the five grains has contributed to the steady price of the five grains and has also laid the foundation for future good price work. Thirdly, the five grains have been targeted at the weakness of the waist.
As the five grain fluids are at the critical stage of the reform, the first six months of the epidemic have been more volatile than the industry. As a result of the fall of the Mid-Autumn season, the marketing of the region’s famous wine has resumed at an accelerated pace, with semi-annual reports and three.
Quarterly performance has improved significantly to boost market confidence, and liquor companies are actively preparing for the spring season, with the white plate rising steadily in the second half of the year, rising by 99.8 per cent throughout the year, and the port's capital inflows, with five grains of fluid again favoured. In 2019, the stock price of the mahogany rose considerably, with its highest valuation being 30 times higher than that of the year.
At an all-time high, the mismatch between the speed of growth and the valuation caused the market to worry about the white wine industry cycle or again, with four quarters of the stock price weakening. At the 1218th Congress, in 2019, Chairman Lee Yoo-gwang said that the historic revenue from the FFA sales had been set up over hundreds of billions of steps, of which the stock company expected to exceed $50 billion a year, three years a year, and one year a year a year.
In January 2020, 10 and 10 million yuan were added to the record. In 2019, the excellent reform was again won by foreign investors.
With the peak of spring returns, the outbreak of the new coronary outbreak in Hubei Province has spread rapidly throughout the country, with 31 provinces initiating a first-level response to public health incidents, the first extension of the spring holiday period by three days, the first one-week extension of the period of resumption of work in most provinces and cities, and the stagnation of economic production throughout the country.
On February 2-5, Chairman Lee Jong-gwang held three consecutive thematic meetings to study the prevention and control of the epidemic and the development of enterprises. The conference revealed that during the spring of New Year's Day, he was able to find a way out of the problem.
In particular, the meeting noted that the emerging situation of the epidemic has had a significant short-term impact on the alcohol industry, but that there will be no cyclical change, the trend towards high-quality developments in the alcohol industry will not change, and the trend towards centralization will not change.
The trend toward end-of-life development will not change. Firms will stay on track to development goals, building on the “three tops” approach adopted at the beginning of the year, and in the light of the current situation, further sharpening the “three optimizations” and accelerating the “three transformations” and promoting growth of more than two digits throughout the year, consistent with the guidelines given by the 1218th Congress.a
The three indicators are low and high, and the market moods have recovered, with the five grains stock prices rising by 0.84%, which is the second largest increase in the price of white wine (a 3.4% increase in the day). The country has begun to resume work in half of February, and the market moods have returned to optimism.
On 4 February and 6 March, there was an increase of 9% in the number of cases, which was largely restored to pre-celebratory levels, and a rise of 14.8% and 16.5%, respectively, in the number of cases. According to the market, the country’s timely and determined measures to combat the disease have increased the country’s confidence, and the economic impact of the epidemic on the country is only a temporary one-time one-time one, with the economy recovering to promote the market.
With the increase in uncertainty about the domestic epidemic, and before the spring, it became clear that foreign inflows had been made, but as the domestic epidemic had been effectively controlled, the value of the five grain fluids had been increased to $130/share. The global epidemic spread, the US dollar triggered four break-ups in 10 days, and the global stock market collapsed.
Between 24 and 27, the Dow Jones Index fell by about 12% in four consecutive trading days. Three major domestic shares, influenced by the peripheral markets, showed a “v” trend around February 28. Global outbreaks began in March, and the US epidemic intensified, with the US stock index triggering a smelting mechanism four times in 10 days from March.
Domestic capital markets have also been implicated, falling six days in a row, falling again by 2,700 points, and the negative impact of the global epidemic on our capital markets has exceeded the impact of the February domestic epidemic. Since March 10, foreign capital has continued to flow out of five food fluids, and the stock price of five grain fluids has fluctuated with the market as a whole, hitting $100/share prices, surpassing the impact of the domestic outbreak.
The Civil Aviation Authority has significantly reduced international flights, strictly controlled the possibility of foreign entry, and has had limited impact abroad. Since the outbreak began, the Civil Aviation Authority has been reducing the number of international flights since the beginning of the outbreak.
The market believes that the impact of the foreign epidemic on the domestic economy is limited and will not affect the country’s economic recovery. In April-May, the sales of white wine recovered, some of the alcohol businesses turned back, the market was given strong confidence, and the industry was the first to start growth in the market as a whole.
On the evening of April 27, the five grain fluids published their annual report 2019 and their quarterly report of 2020, the announcement that the company had successfully reached the $50 billion income scale and had achieved 15% growth in revenue under the impact of the epidemic, exceeding market expectations. The five grain fluids had a record high of $12.53 billion at the end of the year.
The next day, the five grains, the old cellars, the salvos, and the anti-market scavenging of white wine. Added to the friction between China and the United States, the market fluctuated before and after the two meetings. On May 21, the National Conference held a meeting at which it was proposed not to set economic growth targets for 2020, and for the first time in almost two decades it was not to impose rigid requirements on economic growth rates, monetary policy and fiscal policy.
On May 22, Beijing announced that it would promote the implementation of the National Security Act in Hong Kong, which the United States Government threatened to respond strongly, and the resulting volatility in the stock market affected domestic capital markets as well. On May 23, Trump, in an anomaly, only verbally or orally, announced that
Hong Kong will be removed from its independent tariff status without substantial measures being put in place to eliminate the uncertainty of sanctions and promote a rebound in the domestic market. On the same week weekend, it was reported that a t+0 workshop would take place, which would significantly increase market liquidity and benefit the market. On 1 June, the pmi index was published, a 1.3 pct higher than in April, indicating the highest number of businesses since February.
Business is gradually returning to normal, and the economic climate is expected to improve. Thanks to the recent boom, the market rose on 1 June, with a sharp increase of 7.01% in the stock price of the 5 grains and fluids, the total market value of which was over $610 billion, the capital of the country occupied deep- and high-rise markets, and the monetary policy of the country, which became more robust in the middle of the year. In the wake of the outbreak, monetary policy was relaxed and financial inter-agency funds were financed by the financial institutions.
Prices are low, m2 and the growth rate of social inclusion has risen significantly, and macro liquidity is abundant. On 1 July, the big deal broke out at 3,000 points, becoming a sign point for a new round of rapid growth, and optimism led to a massive flow of capital into the market, thanks to which the stock price of the five grains broke out by $220 in mid-July, with a total market value of $860 billion, a historicly high level of confidence in the market.
On July 16, the National Bureau of Statistics issued a national economic report card for the first half of the year, with an overall decline of 1.6 per cent in the first half of the year, a negative shift in the growth rate of the q2 economy and a 3.2 per cent increase in the same year.
1.3 per cent less than 7.1 pct in a quarter, with a 4.4 per cent increase in q2; and more clearly influenced by demand, retail data on social consumption, which improved by less than industrial value added, with a 11.4 per cent decrease in total retail sales of social consumer goods in the first half of the year compared to 7.6 pct in the first quarter, with a 3.9 per cent decrease in q2 compared to the 1.8 per cent decline in June compared to the market.
On July 21, the US unilaterally provoked an incident and suddenly demanded that China close its Consulate General in Houston at 4 p.m. On July 24th, US Secretary of State Poompeo delivered a policy speech to China on July 23rd.
On the morning of July 24, China decided to withdraw its permission to establish and operate the Consulate General of the United States in Chengdu, and to make specific demands on the Consul General of Chengdu to stop all his operations and activities and to respond hard to the actions of the United States. The Chinese-American conflict intensified and was affected by this, July.
In late August, the listed liquor companies disclosed six-monthly reports, mostly improving their performance in the first half of the year. Consumer scenes such as business dinners, dinners, etc. were missing due to the epidemic.
White wine consumption has been significantly affected, and business and work in the White Wine industry has begun to recover as the country’s epidemic has moved forward to control normality. In the short term, the semi-annual reports published by the Head Liquor Company have performed better than market expectations and have given credit to capital markets; in the long run, the market is generally optimistic about the sales of the Head Liquor Company, which will soon enter the second half of the year.
Puppet prices have continued to break through the ceiling, giving five grains of liquid space. Since P5 prices changed in the second half of 2019, the eighth-dip-five prices have stabilized successfully at around $920 in early 2020, compared to $820-830 in the same period in 2018.
As a result of the epidemic, end-marketing has virtually ceased, dealers have high liquidity pressured, the prices of high-end liquor have fallen since the spring festival, and the amount of food fluids has fallen to less than $2,000, with a small drop to $880. As the domestic epidemic has become more common, white wine sales have continued to increase, and the price of pots has continued to break through the ceiling to around $2720, and the price of the fluids has increased.
During the second half of 2020, the group purchasing process began, reducing the traditional distributors’ quota and placing it in new retail outlets. On the basis of further improvements in channel control, the bulk price of the group reached $960. In the second half of August, the white wine industry began a new round of increases, with a five-grain share price of $240 and an historic high market value of $900 billion.
In the face of high-profit, high-quality assets, foreign capital usually chooses to pay off at a higher valuation. As the domestic economic environment stabilizes after the epidemic, the overall white plate rises significantly, and the share price of the five grains has doubled compared to the lowest point of the epidemic.
The stock market was weak, with a brief adjustment at the beginning of September. Technology, medicine, and the consumption of the troika have risen since the domestic outbreak.a
The stock market, the three major players, has been high for almost two years, and in the absence of a low-level rise, a significant proportion of the institutions have gone out of business, and this is reflected in a significant drop in the volume of transactions in September, and in the tens of thousands of trading days. At the same time, from the beginning of September, six consecutive trading days have flowed from the north, and the direction of the market funds cannot be ignored.
On September 3, NASDAQ hit the top, with a sharp fall of 8.9% for three consecutive days, and on the night of September 15, the US Federal Reserve Chairman Powell’s expected interest hike caused market panic and the US stock tail jumped. The stock balance was broken in the wake of market fluctuations on the periphery, a market entering a short-term shock adjustment period.
On July 15, the People’s Daily’s new media platform’s learning group published an article, “Who's buying the bill?” and on September 22, the Central Committee’s National Monitoring Committee’s Network published “Aware of the rise in the price of high-end white wine causing a backlash.”
On October 10, the Central Bank issued an announcement stating that since this year, the renminbi has been remitted.
The rate is based on two-way fluctuations based on market supply and demand, increased elasticity, the expected smoothness of markets, orderly cross-border capital flows, stable movement of foreign exchange markets, and a balance between supply and demand. To this end, it was decided to reduce the foreign exchange risk reserve rate for forward-selling operations from 20% to 0% from 12 October 2020.
The net inflow was $24.7 billion, and the rate of return of the funds accelerated. The increase was 2.64 per cent on the day, with the white plate rising, and the price of the five grain stocks rising by 6.23 per cent. In the second half of October, the peripheral market again affected a share of the mood, but the round was less affected by the increase in certainty in the recovery of the white wine industry as the three-quarterly newspaper revealed.
In addition to a small number of imported cases outside the country, the domestic epidemic has been effectively controlled, with an increase in consumer scenes such as the Mid-Autumn Day, weddings, business dinners, and the return to a more rapid marketing of regional wines, and the three-quarterly overperformance of a number of liquor companies, which has led to an increase in overall confidence in the white wine industry as a result of the epidemic.
Since November, the stock price of two-line liquor companies has risen far above the price of one-line wine, driving White 2.
2.1 More measures to preserve the Year's goals remain the same, focusing on high-level development, actively addressing the impact of the epidemic and maintaining double-digit growth targets. As the overall marketing of the five grain fluids was well under way during the New Year's Day, the target was completed for the season, a series of thematic meetings were held from 2 to 5 February and a marketing event was held on 11 February.
At the online training session, the company stated its commitment to the overall deployment of the 1218 Congress in 2019, to further deepen the long-term approach of “remedial board, pull board, upgrade new energy”, to enhance quality, strengthen controls and enhance digital transformation, and to further upgrade brand power, market sensitivity and channel terminal management, and stated its commitment to promoting double-digit growth throughout the year.
Long-term objectives. On February 16, the Department issued a circular to all marketing districts on the need for precision advice, no one-size-fits-all approach, and effective implementation of the immediate market priorities, actively addressing the difficulties posed by the epidemic, strengthening communication with distributors and endpoints, and effectively resolving market problems. The co-establishment of the market, with good channels, was a guarantee of the long-term stability of the wine industry, reflecting the five grains.
On March 26, the Sichuan market distributors' symposium was held in Chengdu, and the director, Lee Jong-gwang, revealed that in the run-up, the five grain fluids had systematically introduced sound market and growth policy measures, and industry shut down.
It was noted that the focus in the marketing zones of the five grains was “accelerating” — that is, strict control of deliveries, strict control of exits, and acceleration of public relations group purchases; and, in particular, a reduction in the burden on the distributors, based on the consolidation of the previous phase of optimal reduction.
In order to seize compensatory consumption opportunities, innovative marketing has been “triple off” – that is, “the retail loss group buys back, offline loss line work for the first year of the year has set the tone. One quarter of the five grains has turned open, and confidence has been developed throughout the year.
This represents an increase of 25.20 per cent and a net return to the mother of 17.402 billion yuan, an increase of 30.02 per cent for the same year. High-priced wine (all high-end wine plus a series of wines) generated an income of 39.671 billion yuan, an increase of 31.41 per cent for the same year, which led to an overall increase in income, a sales increase of about 20 per cent, an increase of about 10 per cent in the average ton price, and a significant increase in the volume price.
Most of the listed liquor businesses performed poorly, and only five of the listed liquor companies achieved income growth and six achieved net profit growth. The benefits were derived from the success of the P5 upgrades, a thousand dollars at the eighth-day-five retail price station, a significant change in profit from the channel, a record high year-end advance, and confidence in the channel. Five grains grew 15% in the first quarter, net profits 19%, and the market reformed the five grains twice.
Building the “four poles” in pursuit of a higher level of industry leadership. During the Sichuan Precincts in 2020, the Secretary-General of the Group Party and Director-General Lee Jong-gwang said that since the “second start of a business” the P5 had accumulated dynamic energy in terms of product structure, governance systems, brand values, technological innovation, etc., fully equipped for endogenous growth and accelerated development. In the future, efforts will be made to build a Chinese wine bank.
On May 29, the President of the Shareholder Conference of 2019 was convened by the Five Grains Equity Company, which proposed, from Chin, “A new image of the nation's wine industry, working to create a healthy, innovative, leading world-class liquor industry,” and again proposed the year 2020.
The mission is to build the “four poles” and to achieve high-quality marketing around branding, channel innovation, digital technology empowerment, full-channel digital business management, and a new growth model. This also means that the food fluids present new development aspirations and positioning for the future, with the aim of establishing four dimensions of core competitiveness and strengthening internal dynamism.
In recent years, the system has been upgraded to become an important strategy for leading white liquor businesses.
With regard to the optimization of traditional channels, Mao Dai has increased the supply of direct sales, while the five grains have chosen to compensate for weaknesses in group purchasing. At the end of 2019, the chairman of the company proposed from Chin that “traditional channels are not increasing overall, creating new consumption growth points such as firm-level purchases with distributors; and continuing to optimize the distribution structure of distributors and more scientifically rational allocation of product resources, with a focus on capacity.
The outbreak of the epidemic at the beginning of 2020 stopped traditional channels of communication, and the company took the opportunity to propose a marketing approach to “retail losses syndicate buy-back” and speed up the process. The group’s chairman, Lee Jong-hoon, visited the Hunan Construction Group, Xinhua Group, Xinhua News Agency, China Quality Association, and China Quality Association.
The Chinese Federation of Light Industries, the Kawasaka Group, the Kawasaka Group, and the Sichuan Group have achieved strategic cooperation on the whole. According to the feedback, on the one hand, there is a certain demand for alcohol for the work of the large enterprises themselves, and on the other hand, the procurement services of these enterprises can purchase and sell as groups of the P5 companies and as subsidiaries and insiders.
Workers provide marketing services. Group purchasing not only compensates for sales losses from traditional channels, but also helps five grains catch the core of business, consumers, opinion leaders.
Figure 17: Dawn Books Teams visit Sichuan Energy Group to reduce traditional channel quotas and work with distributors to purchase customers. A brand marketing conference was held in June 2020, where it was suggested that the impact of the epidemic on existing traditional businesses would be consolidated on the basis of accurate distribution data from the channel.
The reduction of traditional quotas has led to a more proactive approach to channel control by the P5 producers, on the one hand, by easing the quota pressure on distributors and preventing the development of quotas due to quotas.
Overdoses lead to dumping problems; on the other hand, manufacturers give competent distributors more options to achieve a balanced distribution of quotas. At the same time, the unplanned quota price of $959 raises the average market price of P5 and helps the manufacturer to complete a high-priced job and boosts the profits of the firm.
Group purchase service providers effectively convert distributor resources; stand by the company to work with the distributors in the war zone, and direct out-of-stock purchases recommended by the distributors, without taking up the traditional channel quotas and counting them as part of the group purchase quotas. Producers work together to complete the group purchase growth targets. Five groups of food and fluid purchases have been focused from May to June, with a focus on seven, eight, and nine months.
Half a year, the share of group purchasing increased from 10% to 20%, and the performance of group purchasing was encouraging. 2.3 Epidemic-induced innovation and digital empowerment The cloud shop system went online to open the entire chain of channels.
In February 2020, the company entered into a cooperation agreement with Kyundong to launch a full-scale project on the digitalization of the supply chain, to accelerate the development of the five-grain silo network and to jointly promote the upgrading of the full-link supply service model for the five-grain products. The project aims to integrate storage services, backbone and feeder transport throughout the country in the context of the Kyoutung logistics.
Networks, end-point distributions, home-based service distribution capacity and national supply chain resources provide high-quality “home-to-house” services for the network, end-point distributions, more than 1,000 dealers, more than 1,600 specialized stores, 100,000 high-quality end-points and consumers. It is based on cooperation with Kyoto that when traditional distribution channels are blocked by the epidemic, it is the traditional distribution channels that can be used to provide a “home-to-home” service.
In March, the Food Cloud Shop platform was officially launched, and the National Five Food and Liquid Specialties opened a cloud service to provide online and offline marketing interactions and non-contact product distribution services. At its core, the five grain stores have direct links to consumers, onlineization, simplicity, and online and offline integration. In addition, they can attract consumers.
Upline, in addition to consumer interaction and product sales, it is possible to build up data to achieve further precision in the future by creating new retail companies to promote integration. The search for new retail outlets in the five grain fluids did not stop with the cloud shop system. At the first quarter of 2020 performance statement, companies mentioned the establishment of a new retail management company.
Retail management companies were registered and officially settled in July, marking an advanced transition to digitalization. The president of the company said from Chin that the new retail company would work on building a “vertical eco-enabling platform” that would combine the first branding platform in the wine industry, the product marketing platform, the consumer interaction platform, and the online market management platform.
In addition to online thinking about consumer operations, the new retail company will also play the role of supplier on the five grain lines. The online source of all the five grains core “P5” unattended will be integrated into the new retail companies, thereby strengthening control over the channels and reducing the power-market platform’s interference with batch prices.
The chain of blocks, the digital wine certificate, brings new experiences with digital assets. Since 2019, when it was renewed, the Eighth Dip Five has won a broad appreciation from consumers for its excellent brewing skills and taste. The terminal price has remained stable at over a thousand dollars, and the value of the product and the collection has increased further.
The company took the opportunity to reach an agreement with the new wave to launch the “Five Foods and fluids Digital Wine Certificate” project, which, using digital technology, anchors the block chain digital translator with five grains of liquid in-kind products, and explores new growth in digital consumption that combines consumption, investment, collection, storage, and gift to one.
With the objective of reducing the cost of investment links and maximizing mobility, consumers are provided with a “situ supply, storage, direct delivery” service, which both solves the problem of untrustworthy traditional databases in the white wine industry and helps consumers to enjoy better quality alcohol and value added in the future.
2.4 Upgrade the line of wine products, create super-high-end products... clear 12 brands of 577 products, and focus further on the drinking system. In 2019, the company built around the "Triple Time" (i.e., to ensure the purity of the liquids and the wine series, to maintain consistency in the packaging of the products, to enhance the hierarchy of the products and to improve branding).
In 2020, the company continued to implement a thinner strategy to clear 12 brands of 577 products, focusing further on the five-food spring, five-food ol, five-food specials, five-food specials, and the sharpest ones.
In 2020, the company upgraded its products in three major series of wine brands: "Five-plus-four" and "Five-Five-Five-Five-Five" products.
There has been a more consistent change in the quality of the product, with a greater taste of ol, and a more sophisticated overpacking, with the addition of a “one bottle, one size” digital anti-false technology, which brings better quality services to distributors in terms of logistics tracking, market regulation, product traceability, quality assurance. In marketing strategies, the Liquor Series company has provided support for the development of a special team to market the cards and has introduced an expert.
Specialized and earmarked funds, from centralization to individualization, provide operational advice and guidance services to distributors, provide insurance for distributors’ operations, drive escorts, and achieve co-winners. In order to highlight the status of the five-food special strategy brand, the five-food special will remain a single product line group for the long term, and no additional feeder products will be developed.
As a 100-year-old brand of five grains, the top brand changed its appearance in 2019, with a brand-new upgrade on the bottle sign and bottle shape. In 2020, the top brand fully listed five core products, including two light bottles of wine (big light, high light), two boxes of wine (red beauty, fine box) and a small wine (brown estate).
“In addition to these five products, the Pointy House no longer develops other feeder products, no bar code, and the Five Grain Liquids Company will use these five products to build the Tucky with a 100-dollar price band.” The Pointy Farmer product, which is a tactical sharp knife with a 100-dollar price belt for five grains, has been in place for six years as the basic layout of nationalized channels, with over 240,000 endpoints, and has been operating as a “small regional platformer” model.
As the product lines are cleared, the value of the F5 brands is back on track. In 2019, the company introduced the super-high-end product of the 501 Workshop 'Five', which was made out of a five-food pool.
Food fluid 501, combined with a limited workshop, a restricted cellar tank and a defined craftsman, limited sales, horizontally matching the indicators of the age of the cellar pool with the grade of the fragrance, through product uniqueness and scarcity, and directing consumers to re-discover the value system of the five fragrances of white wine in China. But the stock of 501 products is scarce, and there are no conditions for consumption.
In September 2020, the classic five grain fluids came into existence, and the five grain fluids of the 1960s were designed as blueprints, with the shape of a radish bottle marked by the five grain fluids, which not only represents a classical review of beauty peaks, but also, more like, a consumer’s sense of identity. Previously, the product system of the five grain fluids was built around eight-dip-fives, 1618s, lows.
The nearest product is basically shaped with 1,000 yuan. The classic five-food fluids are marketed at $2899 per bottle, and they go straight to the top of the product line, with more than 2,000 calories, face up to the price of a batch of around 2,700 yuan at that time, with the intention of increasing brand power in the match with the pup.
Opinion leaders have developed a continuum, and with the release of the classic five-food fluids, the core product system of the five-food fluids has become more sophisticated, graded and more recognizable, providing consumers with a richer and better-quality choice.
2.5 Increase the capacity to store alcohol, shape the time-value system, expand 120,000 tons of capacity, and in the future the overall capacity will be over 400,000 tons.
The rate of alcohol production is higher for new customers within 20 years. New customers usually do not produce good wines within 20 years, 5-10% of good wines over 20-50 years, 20-30% of good wines over 50 years, and more than 100-year-olds over good grades. According to the Department's statement, the current yield of five-fruit fluids is more than 200,000 tons, and the rate of high-quality alcohol output is 10-15%.
In July 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would invest $1,268 million to launch an eco-breeding project (phase I), with a total production capacity of the next five grains.
In 2017, the company planned to repackage the original wine three years later and put it on the market, similar to the five-year saloons, and to shape the time value system. The company launched the 300,000 tons of pottery in 2017.
In September 2020, the company began work on 1.72 billion dollars in repossessing, which will be completed by the end of 2022, and will result in a further improvement in the capacity to store the five grain fluids. At the 1218th Congress, the company proposed that the pre-14th phase would ensure that the original wine production would reach 250,000 tons and that the original wine would be stored.
Building on the ever-increasing capacity of wine storage, the output of wine products produced by the P5 can be sufficient for a long period of time and can also contribute to the description of the time value of the company’s products.
Looking back to 2020, the improved performance of the grouping of the five grains, digital enabling, etc., has made an important contribution to the success of the epidemic in achieving the goal of double-digit growth throughout the year. By cleaning up and reshaping the product system, the value of P5 has been recognized by consumers.
At the 1218th Conference, in 2020, the Group’s Chairman, Lee Jong-gwang, judged that “the opportunity is greater than the challenge, and ‘14' will become an important window and strategic opportunity period for a new round of high-quality development of the five grains.” At the macro-policy level, the five grains will be built around a large domestic cycle that will be mutually reinforcing at the national and international levels.
In terms of regional rejuvenation, the F5 will take advantage of the opportunity to build a world-class group of high-quality white wine industries, and a river wine recovery. In terms of industry development, the F5 will continue to focus on providing good quality wine as an opportunity to capture the structural prosperity of the industry.
Cleaning up, product upgrading, quality upgrading, or extension projects are certainly a manifestation of high-quality development. As opportunities are captured, companies will increase their share in high-end markets.
“Innovation, transformation, leapfrogging” based on a steady and medium-term approach. In 2020, the five grains grew steadily in five ways, as evidenced by steady growth in product prices, steady growth in channel profits, steady growth in business performance, steady growth in brand value, and steady growth in the market value of companies.
“Stable” is going on, and the overall tone of development is still “stable” . On the basis of the word “stable”, companies propose three key words: “innovation, transformation, leapfrogging” — innovation, technological innovation, bringing intelligence into the brewing system; transformation, a determined digitalization of marketing ideas, increasing consumption growth; and building a first-class production base across the construction of an industrial ecological platform.
The overall plan for the grain fluids reflects the company’s leadership’s insight into and control of the industry’s development trends, is clear and clear, and shows confidence in the company’s development.
According to the feedback from sources, most of the clients affected by the epidemic in 2020 have not yet visited, and the distributors are confident that they will be able to do so in the face of the company’s 2021 goal of raising the number of group purchases. On the one hand, raising the share of group purchases will enhance the company’s ability to control channels, prevent disruptions from affecting market prices, and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, it has also contributed to the rise in the average price of the P5 and has laid the foundation for a 1,000-dollar price band for the P5 series. Profit forecasts and ratings.
With the increasing concentration of the white wine industry and the increased emphasis on marketing, marketing, marketing, and building channels, competition between the white wine industry and the white wine industry will become more intense.
In the area of institutional marketing, research into the food and beverages industry, there are in-depth studies on the white wine, leisure halogen products, leisure snacks, meat products, etc. The theoretical basis is solid, the channels are rich, and the research is detailed. The November 2020 accession is partly unregarded, unreconciled, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.