In the middle of the day, the price increases are still valid: since 2017, the five grains have fully enjoyed the low-price dividend, the secondary entrepreneurship management has changed, and under the prevailing circumstances, the low-valued dividend is likely to continue to hold.
Next, the price of the five grains is still high. We believe that the five grains below the poo are unique, and the medium-five is branded: competition and evolution, the high-end alcohol industry: good business has proven to be growing up at the same price.
A little faster than the gdp compound increase in the sales of high end alcohol, a stage of structural growth from the aggregate increase; a significant run-off of cpi but slightly less than that of urban residents; disposable income and adequate consumer acceptance; and a significant gap in the share of P5 over the past two years and five grains.
Liquids are catching up. History has amply demonstrated that high-end white wine can achieve a price over a long cycle.
The Bureau integrated with the high-end business resources of the society and developed the core opinion leaders of the time;
The pressure on the supply and demand of large single items to achieve relative stability in prices and branding of the main marketed product, which continues to rise, helping the gin to enter the cycle of business bulls; and, at the core, the continued stress on the supply and demand of the balconies.
The price of alcohol continues to rise, and the price of the five grain cellars opens up the price space, and the five grains take advantage of the opportunity to re-upgrade their products and achieve a full-scale increase through reform of their channels. For brand-driven, high-end white wine, we believe, the core of the strategy lies in the long-term grip on the core.
For the future: high-end alcohol prices rise and the five-food fluid transformation dividend release. For the future, Mao Dai will continue, and the volume price will remain the main melody; on the product, the five-food fluid matrix will go up, and the brand structure will be released.
Two-litres, five-grain fluids, 501-to-date wines, classic five-food fluids, eight-dip-to-five kilograms of price belts, high-end white wine markets below the roof. On the channel, digital flattening, targeting core consumers for marketing, grouping and nurturing, while optimizing circulation.
The supply and demand nexus of the channel is expected to lead to a business cycle, with a five-pack run-up or a long-term trend.
In 2017, the company focused on a series of wines that were thin, which had a negative impact on the size of the original sale, and short-term pains that could not be avoided; in 2019, the company built a single product for the purpose of organizing a series of wines, with a series of wines in the middle of two bands.
The front high light bottle is fast and long, and the series has doubled in planned sales over five years, and it's worth it. Since 2017, five grains have fully benefited from the low price dividend, two entrepreneurship management reforms have been added.
We believe that the five grain fluids under the roof are unique and medium- and long-term business certainty is evident. Moreover, the accumulation of foreign capital continues to enter, a share market is institutionalized, the high-end white wine valuation hub returns demand for the bottle openings; five batches of prices, channel profits, terminal profits are not as high as expected; classic five.
The spread of food fluids has fallen short of expectations; the pipeline reform process has fallen short of expectations.
1.1 Brands: The P5 brand is strong, one of the three major brands, high-end products is focused, and a series of wine products is rich, starting in 1368 A.D., and is unique in Chinese fragrances.
As one of my country's famous wines, as early as the 1915 International Fair in Panama, the five-food fluids were awarded the Golden Merit Award. The five-food fluids and the series cover high-end and low- and medium-end price bands to meet the demand for consumption.
In 2020, the Chinese Liquor Gin Prize was ranked second in the world’s wine class, with a brand value of $137 billion.
The "Five Food Wine" is a typical expression of our strong white wine. The company has developed a series of full-scale and sophisticated wine products based on the characteristics of the production process.
Five grain fluids, as a representative of the fragrance, are recognized as high-end wine, together with fly-on-the-roads, the national cellar, 1573. Since 2017, when the “second business start-up” was announced, the five grains have been overhauled in terms of products and channels, and measures have been taken to focus on core products, optimize product systems, flat-tension channels, marketing teams, and informatization.
Pre-2000: Qing Shuixiang was the first to raise prices and catch up. After the country opened its prices in 1988, Qingzhou was the first to raise prices significantly, going beyond the old cellars, wines, etc., to become China’s top white brand; in the early 1990’s, companies were actively expanding, rapidly digesting a large amount of production capacity through buyouts, oem models, etc.
In 2003-2011: Mao Dai captured the core of the party forces to counter the five grains. Mao Tai built on a two-end belt strategy to nurture the core consumer, divided into front-end consumption-led (yearly wine promotion, personal customization) and
The end-use boost (special stores, wine cabinets, hotels), which captures the core of the party and large state-owned enterprises through top-down and personalized product distribution, is counterproductive to the five-food fluids. 2012-2016: 8 regulations for the industry, with a drop in the price of the five-food fluids.
After the eight-point policy was introduced to limit consumption, and the white wine price was significantly reduced with ceilings. The high-end white wine consumption demand was sharply reduced, and the price of the batch was reversed, as companies increased the layout of the lower-middle-priced product line below. After that, companies realized that they had to reduce redundant medium- and low-end brands and bar codes, the brand strategy was upgraded from "1+5+n" to "1+5+n" in 2016.
“1+3+5,” with a clear strategy for a five-plus series of wines. The five-food fluids operate independently of high-end brands and series of wines to strengthen management in a new model to achieve stable market development. 2017 - to date: secondary entrepreneurship recommences, product channel organization overhauls. March 2017, V.
In response to the rising consumption, the concentration of brands of wine and wine, there is a second entrepreneurship, a comprehensive reform of products and channels, a push to focus on core brands, optimization of product systems, flattening of channels, marketing teams and information-building, and the start of a new development cycle of five grains.
Figure 3 V. The development history of the food fluids: 1.3 Products: The five-food fluids brand is strong Focus on the five-food fluids brand, which establishes the “1+3” and “4+4” brand matrices.
Representative, also known as "Both and Males of Fatty" with Mao. The main products of the five grain plates include "1" for the fine core product 52 degrees P-5, "3" for the super-high end 501,500 grain fluids for the year of the pamphlet, the classic five grain fluids for the pamphlet, and 39 degrees of low five grain fluids for the regional market, in addition to the five grain fluids 1618, the five grain fluids for the drink,
In the series of "4+4" brands, the national monoliths consist of five grains, five grains, five grains, five grains of alcohol, and cutting-edges; regional monoliths include five grains, wine, fire, and so on, with a full coverage of low-end high-school prices.
A rapid increase in the share of white wine income from 72.4% in 2016 to 88.2% in 2019 is a central driver of growth in public white wine income. The share of low- and medium-grade alcohol, represented by the five-food specials, the five-food spring, the five-foodol, the cutting edge, etc., fell from 27.6% in 2016 to 11.8% in 2019.
The price of high-end alcohol has been a significant part of the marketing dividend for five grains, and the price of the five grains has been rising since the current round of white wine in 2016.
In 2019, after a five-generation shift in the core product, the price of the five grains accelerated, with the impact of a series of brands of wine, bar code clean-up, and sales fell by the same amount in 2019. Figure 75 recorded a slow increase in sales of the grains, falling in 19
Figure 85 shows a high rate of increase in average food and fluid prices, with a compound rate of about 31.4% and a continued increase in net interest rates for Māori. The decline is steady with the company’s second entrepreneurship, significant improvements in its efficiency, sales and management costs.
Figure 10 shows a steady decline in the cost of sales and a declining trend in the cost of administration
In the context of state capital, the executive has a small shareholding and a stable structure. The company actually controls the IQC, and the shareholders are IQC, with 34.43% of the shares in IQC, and the second largest shareholder is the IQR 12.5 (up to the end of 2019).
In April 2018, the company issued 85,641,285 shares, or 0.61% of the shares, in a non-public manner, as a targeted increase in the shares.
We divided the management of the five grains into three phases, the Kingdom Springs 1985-2007, the Tang Qing era 2007-2017, and the Lee Liaogwang era 2017 to date, with the key words “industry leaders”, “progressive restructuring”, “secondary entrepreneurship” and product strategies, corporate governance, channel models, respectively.
The model, the expansion of the production capacity, which is detailed in Figure 13, II. The Five Foods and Liquids brand: Competition and Evolution: 2.1 High-end Liquor Industry: Good Business has proven to be growing at a very high price.
2.1.1 Evolution of prices: significant winning cpi, increasing consumer acceptance, and steady ups and ups and downs. Looking back at the price of high-end white wine in the five high-end states in the last 20 years from 2000 to the present, the price of high-end wine has risen from $218 to $819 for the 2007 season.
The anti-P5 bid was achieved; before 2013, the prices were consistently higher than the P5s; however, they failed to raise the prices against the market after the 3-M consumption, and since then, the prices have been slightly lower than the P5s. Figure 14 shows the trend in the prices of the top 5 countries.
Looking back at history, the consumer uplifting dividend has helped high-end alcohol prices increase significantly by cpi. From 2001 to 2020, high-end wine flew 53 degrees, 52 degrees of classic five-food fluid, and 1573 in the 52nd cellars increased compound prices by 7.7%, 6.9%, 6.9%, and notably by 2.3% in China during the same period, benefiting from the consumption uplifting dividend.
Urban residents ' incomes grew faster than high-end alcohol prices, and consumers were well received. Between 2003 and 2020, the combined rate of disposable income for urban residents was about 10.8 per cent, all higher than the combined rate of 9.2 per cent/7.8 per 7.3 per cent for the same period in the P5 countries. We believe that the core consumers of high-end alcohol in the P5 countries are high-end consumers in the towns and businesses.
When you look back at the long cycle, the rate of high-end alcohol increases or the rate of income growth in urban areas remain relatively balanced. 2.1.2 volume changes: from total growth to structural growth.
High-end alcohol has benefited from a significant increase in total economic growth. The high-end alcohol sales in the five countries grew from about 10,000 tons in 2001 (kunk liquor, high-end five grain fluids, and about 0.45 million tons respectively) to about 68,000 tons in 2019 (kunk liquor, high-end five grain fluids, and 1573 state cellars, respectively), amounting to about 35,000 tons, 24,000 tons and 0.9 million tons respectively.
(b) Looking ahead, white wine has entered an era of rising structural growth in consumption that is clear, although the growth center of gdp has gradually moved downwards, and the growth center of the gdp has gradually moved down.
Capital investment has significantly boosted high-end alcohol consumption. Looking back to 2009 as a series of expansionary domestic demand measures, such as active fiscal policies, moderate monetary policy, and the “4 trillion” investment plan, have had a bottom-up effect on the economy.
The first recovery of high-end alcohol will lead to a recovery of the whole plate, with higher-end alcohol revenue rising from the real opening rate of the puppies in the last three years, and increased demand shifting to the five countries. The real opening of the puppies has always been a black box, and it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and based on our tracking of the poo dealer channel, we believe that 2016
Since then, the real opening rate has declined significantly: in 2016, of the 27,000 tons sold, the opening rate was expected to reach about 22 million tons (about 80 per cent), the remaining demand was dominated by gifts, based on grass-roots research and interviews, and by 2019, the opening was expected to drop to about 14,000 tons (opening).
The bottle rate is about 40%, and the opening volume is about 30% lower than in 2016, of which about 10,000 tonnes are for the core.
2) The high-priced pow-barrel makes some middle-income consumers (non-gifts, people in need of a meal) choose products with a higher price of $1,000 (including five grain fluids, state cellars, and super-high-end products of real estate wine, etc.). The increase in demand for high-end wine, based on rising consumption, increases the demand for low-yielding wine to provide the five-bain cellars.
The annual increase of about 410,000 tons to about 51,000 tons in 2019, of which five are growing from about 13,000 tons to about 2.4 per cent overall, is, in our view, the central reason for the decline in the opening of puppies to move part of the high-end alcohol demand to the five-food liquid cellars.
2.1.3 The share has evolved: the five grains have been steadily catching up with the five grains, and in 20 years, the share of the five grains of wine sales has taken a significant lead over the five grains of the cellars.
(b) In 2013-2016, the three-principal elimination fee was limited, and the Maotai acquired the resources of the high-end social groups through the layout of non-target products and kept the income on a steady scale, which led to a significant difference in the share of income of the five grains cellars; and) 2017 to date, with the management of the five grains fluids.
The new generation of secondary entrepreneurship, leading the cellars, and the fast growth of the five grains and the 1573s at a low base and the recovery of the share of high-end liquor sales. In the 2220s, the share of low-end sales income was significantly ahead of the five grains cellars.
2.2 The history of competition: taking stock of the battles of Mao, watching the consumer grow + brand up, looking back at the 20-year battle of the high-end wine-driven product Mautai and the five grains, we divided our competition history into three phases: 1) 2003-2012: the battle against the five grains; 2) 2013-2016: Maotai versus the five grains.
War on the defence of the five grains; 3) 2017 to date: co-development of the five grains of the huts.
Top-end consumption drives, end-consumption drives. In 2003-2006, the huts developed core consumers with two-end-led strategies, divided into front-end consumption-led (yearly alcohol promotion, personal customization) and end-consumption-driven (special stores, wine cabinets, hotels).
Product lines: higher end and personalized custom products. The product lines, the Mao Tai lead industry, are the first to be distributed to higher end-year alcohol lines, including 15, 30 and 50 years of marketing, and the second is to be marketed to customize individualized products around the skyscraper masters, and to introduce a cross-section of opinion leaders' circles.
Sex-tailored wines are introduced into the core opinion-leader circle.
At the end of the channel: integration of high-end business resources. At the end of the channel, Mao has integrated high-end and high-end resources through high-end alcohol and personalized products.
As of 2009, the share of sales through the Mao Dai Group has risen considerably. The share of sales in the exclusive stores is over 60%, while the share of the Ministry is about 10%; the share of purchases in the group is about 10%; the share of exclusive purchases is about 5%; the share of total regional generations is about 3%; and the profits from retail sales and prices exceed the five grains.
The price exceeds the price of five grains; in 2007, the price of the poo plant exceeded the price of five for the first time; in 2011, the profit from the poo market exceeded the price of five grains; and in 2013, the revenue from the poo shop exceeded the price of five grains. We believe that the poo shop, through the high-end line layout, has been integrated with high-end commercial resources to lead the industry, and has been nurtured by the then core opinion leader, and has been nurtured by the poo tablet.
In 2013, for the first time ever, the Pootai share earned more than the 5 grains, and in 2007, the price of the Flying Poo station exceeded Poo V for the first time.
2.2.2 2013 - 2016: Maotai Classic Defense War. The structure of the Maoists has been rising upwards, with a rising share of non-specific products. The gin was launched in 2014 and has now been launched. The custom wine was launched in 2015. The gin was launched at the end of 2018. The non-square table was in 2012.
From 2014 to 2016, non-standardized products, such as the birth of the Shaw series and the series of fine products, filled the huge price gap between the year of the Mautai and the year of the Flying Towers, and another, filled the gap between the price gap and the price gap.
In the end, the main product of the Mao Dai brand has changed from less to less, and the main food brand has changed from less to less. The high end product line innovation strategy of figure 28 is a product stratification strategy.
The product structure is helping to stabilize the market prices in the skyscraper, and the wine is entering the cycle. In the process of industrial depth adjustment from 2013 to 2015, the price of the bulk of the single bottled bottled wine was close to the price of the factory, which helped to increase the profits, the wine factory introduced a large number of new products, including the Xiaotao station, the distributors developing different colours and volume products, and the volume increase.
Various new products meet the consumer’s demand for a breakdown, small size, netting out the market, normal stocking, small actual market circulation, easy investment, collection demand, boosting market prices, and further strengthening investment, stock demand, and largely exiting the drinking market.
In 2016-2019, we estimated that the bulk of the single-samples of puppies did not fall back, and supply shortages helped boost the price of the batches, further stimulating the demand for hoarding and investment collections. As the market price rises, distributors have increased their profits and money, and their capacity and willingness to collect alcohol has increased.
So, since the second half of 2016, the standard bottle has been in short supply in the circulation market, and the price has been up fast, and the price has been up for more than 11 years in late 18 years, helping to move up to the recyclable cattle, and the product of the five grain fluids has become stable for the company.
Table 31 shows that at the end of the 18th year, the price exceeded the 11th year high: the five grains at the base have been developed in a coordinated manner.
Since 2017, a new cycle of entrepreneurship has been under way. Since 2016, it has benefited from a combination of factors such as the multi-demand support of the Maotai Liquor Investment Collection, the significant decline in the distribution channels, the supply of and demand for alcohol, which continues to be a source of tension, and the continued growth of the Mau Dai Li, which is in the middle of the cycle, serving as a guest of the country's five grains and fluids.
Open the price space; since May 2019, when I started my second business, P5 was introduced and I8D5 was placed on the market, and the P5 was increased in 2020 through the construction of new channels to optimize the supply and demand side of the distribution channels in order to achieve five batches of prices and synergize development.
2.2.4 Core consumer development + product structure upwards branding recalls that during 2003 - 2009, the magma overstepped the five grains, and that behind it was the nurturing of the then core opinion leaders through the integration of high-end product line layouts with the high-end business resources of the Social Council;
Looking back at the defence of the leadership from 2013 to 2016, the core of the industry cycle was to fill the blank price belts up through the layout of a series of non-target products and to reduce the pressure on the supply and demand of major monoliths in order to achieve relative stability in the prices of the main marketed products flying to the roof, as well as the continued rise in brand image, and to facilitate the entry of the wine into the positive direction.
Looking back at the coordinated development of the five grain fluids in the province from 2017 to the present, the core is the continued pressure on the supply and demand of the huts and the price of alcohol, the continued up-and-up movement of the five grain cellars opening the price space, and the five grain fluids taking advantage of the opportunity to re-upgrade their products and achieve a full increase in their prices through reform of their channels.
In our view, for brand-driven high-end white wine, the strategic dimension lies in long-term grip on core consumers, nurturing work, and product structure upwards to sustain brand power. So, this leads to the “second start-up” introduced since 2017, where the five grain fluids are “simultaneous” through product structural changes, channel optimization, and are “simulating” at the bottom of the table.
At the marketing and channel levels, we are on the strategic right track. 2.3 Future outlook: high-end alcohol prices are up, and the five-food fluid change dividend release 2.3.1 volumes is still the core logic for the future of high-end alcohol.
Quantities: The increase in demand for high-end bottle openings is either still largely in the form of five grain fluids, state cellars, real demand for high-end bottle openings, or mainly in the form of five grain fluids and state cellars. Based on the trend of rising consumption (less alcohol, better alcohol), we expect a steady increase in the sale of high-end white wine, driven by a concentration effect on the head.
The amount of alcohol sold in the huts depends on the rhythm of the supply, and we judge that the actual opening of the bottle is relatively stable, that there is no significant increase in probability, and that the demand side of the supply is dominated by the accumulation of collections and financial attributes, so that the actual increase in demand for high-end white wine will be largely divided between the five grain fluids and the state cellars (under the increase in demand).
The benefits are even more significant. So we expect that high-end white wine will increase real demand at a compound rate over the next three years, or at a rate of 5%.
The risk of the return of demand for the opening bottle is, of course, the return of demand for the opening bottle, or the slowness of the long cycle, not to worry in the short term. Another estimate of the supply over the next three years is 498 tons in 2022.
Based on estimates based on the 85% drinking ratio, it is estimated that in 2022 there will be about 4.23 million tons of poo. Based on these measurements, and taking into account our assessment above that the future growth in the volume of high-end white wine should have been faster than the increase in gdp, we expect that the combined increase in sales in the five high-end white wine countries in the next three years would have been more than 7-9% (up from the combined increase in gdp over the same period), which is higher.
In three years, the market has accumulated 23% to 30%. Each year, there is a greater probability of rising the price of the factory, the five grain fluids below it, the state cellar probably following it, or raising a small number of prices, raising out of the plan, etc. Backwards, it is expected that the higher price of the wine will win cpi, and the higher income will increase.
2.3.2 Integration of organizational change, leadership of the new era, change of management, and second entrepreneurship for change. In March 2017, Lee Jong-gwang (who served as Deputy Director of the Sichuan Economic and Informatization Committee) served as Chairman of the Five Grain Group and proposed "Second Entrepreneurship".
In July 2018, the former Deputy Secretary of the Group Party Committee, Zou Tao, was transferred to the Five Grains Ltd., which is responsible for marketing.
In 2019, the P5 initiated a structural change that resulted in horizontal specialization and regional vertical flattening of the headquarters. In February 2019, the P5 changed the existing 7 marketing centres to 21 marketing zones and 60 separate field bases; and in June 2019, the P5 introduced the former P5 series.
Liquor brand marketing companies, VFL brand marketing companies, and the VFL brand marketing companies are merged into the P5 series, Merchant series marketing companies, enhanced brand management capacity, and promotion of the integrated management of the series.
The VFL brand marketing company, the VFL wine marketing company, the VFL brand marketing company.
In 2017, the company proposed a strategy for the "1+3" product of the "5-food fluid.
Started around `1' with 501 ultra-high end products, 1618 below and low-five grain fluids; 2020 Company adjusted and further focused on the +3 high-end white product strategy, broken down as follows: `1' refers to the 8th generation of classic five-food fluids in the core monolith, and `3' to 501-five grain fluids in the upper, quinquies in the lower and 39-degree classic five grains in the lower.
Liquid (1618 strategic focus weakened and 42° 5 food fluid eliminated). While there are differences with the Poo-Tai ' s price stratification strategy (many non-standard products, as well as those derived from the skyscraper, which is represented by raw wine, colour series), five food fluids have moved up the product structure on the high end of the product line, with top image products contributing to branding on the one hand, and others on the other.
On the one hand, the classic five-food fluid helps to move the tonnage upwards by creating a super-high-end product that closes up the brand line with the hut. From the point of view of the product, the five-food fluid lends 501.50 to the year of the sticker, the classic five-food fluid to the skycracker, the eight-deep five-carat band, and the harvest.
High-end white wine market below the skyscraper. 501 spiritual symbols, super-high-end positioning. On super-high-end products, the core idea of the five-food fluids is to fly the skyscraper and the years of the moist: the five-food fluids now have super-high-end 501 and the product must ensure 501 of the product.
With a high degree of independence, the goal is to set the quality of 501,500 grain fluids into a super-high-end series in the five-food series. In terms of channel strategy, 501 batches have a quota system of 1,000 bottles per year, with the core objective of creating image products with medium- and long-term targets that lift the image of the core five grains and open the price ceiling.
Figure 39501 The classic five-food fluids are commodified and the product system is improved. The eight-dip-five is still in a 1,000-dollar band, unable to meet the high-end consumer price demand, and it is more difficult to raise brand value in eight generations, so companies are upgrading through the classic five-food fluids.
On September 23, the classic five-food fluids were placed on the market at a price of $1499 per bottle, a retail price of $2999 per bottle, a group purchase price of approximately $2,600 per bottle, and a commercialization of the five-food fluids to improve the product system.
In addition, the classic five-food fluids follow up or launch the wine products for 15, 30, 50 years (or 5,000 yuan +, 8,000 yuan + product) and create high-end serializations that combine public relations for 20 per cent of opinion leaders;
On the other hand, traditional channels are largely non-investment, focus groups, and it is expected that in 2021 the classic five-food fluids will provide more than 500 tons of increment, contributing more than 1.5 billion dollars in revenue, that in the future they will be able to move upwards through high-end product structures, and that the five-food fluids will be expected to increase substantially over the next three years.
In June 2019, the company upgraded the kernel single-pixel language in high-end five-food liquid products and launched the eighth-dip. Eight-dip-five-to-seven-generation products were completely upgraded in terms of taste, quality, packaging, security, and so on. The eighth generation of classic five-food fluids was priced at $889 per bottle, compared to the seventh generation.
In 2021, the P5 purchase price was raised from $889 to $959 (with the cancellation of the original guarantee of $70), resulting in a disguised increase to about $903, with an increase of about $739, or about about the price.
Figure 41501-Seven-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five Full Upgrade Chart 42-P5 sales and same-time acceleration 1618-P5 price-belt strategy-type products with a low degree of strategy.
Five or eight generations of upgraded strategic products, with a slightly lower actual transaction price than P5, are currently about 3,000 tons, which are strategic products that are taken over at the lower price of the P5 core unattached; low-five liquid-positioning products, with channels that are profitable on the basis of discounted profits and distillery subsidies, currently amounting to about 3,000 tons. In 2020, the company cancelled the product.
The channel policy of the P5s 1618 and 39 degrees P5s is reserved for consumer activities such as feasts only. Figure 435, Disaggregated sales of the P5s (tons) Rich products above P5s, and the initial development of the price stratification strategy.
The development of products, but the prices are lower than P5 and the price of P5s, and the price poles on top of each other, such as wines and fine pows, but the top of P5s is only 5015s, the top 501s are too high, the volume of production is too small, the brand labels are too low, and the price poles are not enough.
In June 2017, the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Fin-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Fin-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Fin-F-F-Fin-F-F-F-F-F-Four-Four-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-F-F-F-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Four-Four-F-F-F-Four-F-F-F-F-F-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-Four-F-
208 sets, three of which are the "New Ages of Transport" souvenirs; in 2020, when the classic five-food fluids were launched, brand-up branding was promoted, commercialization was expected to take place. The five-food fluids filled the previous price gap between P5 and 501 through the enrichment of products above the five.
Ping, which is expected to provide P5 with price stickers and stabilize the market price of the main market item P5 and enhance profit from the channel. 2.3.4 Channels are digitally flattened, and the core group of consumers buys and nurtures. Since 2019, the F5 has promoted a range of marketing reforms, including flattening of channels, reduction of circulation channels,
• To develop new channels to stabilize the supply of and demand for the five grains through which they flow, the results of which continue to show, the supply of and demand for the channels continue to improve and the price of the five batches progress steadily.
Channels are flattened, end-control is enhanced. Big business is the most important thing in the past in the rapid growth of the White Wine industry.