CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
ICBC (601398 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Solid asset quality but disappointing margin
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 7.20)
Up/Downside
+30.4%
ICBC reported 9M19 net profit of RMB 251.7bn, up 5.0% YoY and accounting
Current Price
for 80.5%/81.6% of CMBIS/consensus full-year estimates. In 3Q19, PPOP had
a decent growth of 7.5% YoY, mainly driven by strong non-interest income
China Banking Sector
(+12.5% YoY) and lower CIR (-0.6ppt YoY), despite narrowing NIM. The Bank
set aside higher provisions (+15.2% YoY), and bottom-line earnings growth
Terry Sun, CFA
picked up moderately at 5.8% YoY (vs 4.7% YoY in 1H19). 9M19 annualized
ROE fell 0.7ppt YoY to 14.4%.
■ Results positives: 1) 9M19 non-interest income rose 13.2% YoY, with
Karen Sui
double-digit growth in fee income from payment, settlement, credit card, and
agency sales businesses. 2) Asset quality continued to improve. NPL
ratio declined 4bps QoQ to 1.44% with benign formation ratio, and provision
coverage climbed 6.1ppts QoQ to 198.1%. According to management, the
Stock Data
deviation between worsening macro environment and solid asset quality
2,047,577
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
trend was attributed to the ongoing optimization of credit allocation; 3) Loan
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
mix further leaned toward retail, as retail loan growth (+3.2% QoQ)
6.08/5.1
52w High/Low (RMB)
outpaced corporate loan growth (+1.9% QoQ) in 3Q19. 4) Capital position
Total Issued Shares (mn)
269,612 (A)
was strengthened. CET1/tier-1/total CAR edged up by 19bps/97bps/90bps
QoQ to 12.93%/14.16%/16.65%, following the RMB 70bn preference shares
Source: Bloomberg
and RMB 80bn perpetual bonds issued in 3Q19.
Shareholding Structure
■ Results negatives: 1) Deposit growth slowed to 1.0% in 3Q19 (vs 2.4%
in 2Q19). But management pointed out that big banks are still in favorable
position to attract deposit inflow during the implementation of new asset
Source: Company data
management rule; 2) 3Q19 NIM contracted 6bps QoQ to 2.21%. It was
Share Performance
primarily due to rising funding cost amid deposit competition, although the
impact from LPR reform is limited on overall loan yield at the moment. NIM
may further narrow in 4Q19 based on guidance, but likely by a smaller
magnitude. As of 3Q19, over 50% of new loans and around 20% of
Source: Bloomberg
outstanding loans were priced by LPR.
12-mth Price Performance
Maintain BUY and raise TP to RMB 7.8. ICBC-A currently trades at 0.86x
FY19E P/B, slightly above its past 5-year mean of 0.8x. We kept our
earnings forecast unchanged and rolled forward the valuation basis to FY20.
Our new HK$ 7.8 TP is derived from 1.03x target P/B and FY20E BVPS of
RMB 7.6.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: KPMG
Related Reports
Earnings unexciting; Highlights on
FY18 earnings in line, NIM trend
Stable earnings recovery - 31 Aug
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.