Sino-Sinte steel (000708.sz) - mid-2023.
During the first half of the year, the company gained equity in steel control, generating business income of 58.325 billion yuan, an increase of 12.55 per cent over the same period, and a net profit on the basis of a product variety and quality advantage.
The energy sector, the automobile industry, the mechanics industry, etc., as market demand changes and companies actively adjust their varieties, they actively expand overseas markets, seize opportunities for overseas supply chain adjustment, export 1.74 million tons, an increase of 55 per cent compared to the previous year, raise the foreign revenue ratio to 15.2 per cent, and match the Māori ratio to 18.40 per cent.
The firm has long focused on research and development inputs aimed at addressing “cricket” technology and reinforcing “fist products.” In the case of the “triple one-story” products, the Division has planned and implemented more than 30 priority new product pre-research projects, all of which have achieved significant milestones and stages.
The value added of the company’s products will be further enhanced when phase II and phase III of the remodelling project is completed.
The company has long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially with the downstream industry. The company has an annual business with its customers, Sino-Sinte Steel (000708.sz)-2022: sound business performance.
Prices are set, product base prices are negotiated before final prices are determined based on quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets and company price policies.
The price model makes companies more cost-driven and more stable than the average in the steel industry.
Investment Recommendations: There is great scope for the development of the country’s special steel market, and the company, as a super-styrene company, grew up in “Sinte Steel – 3-quarter review of – 000708-2021: a steady driver of internal and external growth” – a clear path, a prominent market position, a strong business performance, and a scarce standard for the special steel industry.
In the first half of the year, the company gained a share in Tianjin steel, generating business income of 58,325 million yuan, an increase of 12.55 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 3.04 billion.
Figure 2: Single-season operating income and growth (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Net corporate return profits (billion yuan) Responsively responding to market changes and increasing sales of energy steel and exports. Major areas of use for corporate products include energy.
Industry, automobiles, mechanics, etc., as market demand changes, companies actively adjust the variety structure, weak bearing steel, and the negative impact of declining demand in the automobile steel market. In the first half of 2023, companies completed 9.42 million tons of products, a record high. Of these, steel sales for energy went out of 3.5 million tons, an increase of 88 per cent.
The expansion of overseas markets to take advantage of the opportunities of overseas supply chain adjustment to export 1.74 million tons, an increase of 55 per cent compared to the previous year, increased the share of foreign operating income to 15.2 per cent, corresponding to a Māori ratio of 18.40 per cent.
Figure 5: Change in sales of company-specific steel products (tonnes) Figure 7: Māori rate of company-sub-products (%) Figure 8: Business income and Māori ratio of company-sub-regions (billion yuan, %)
The company has long focused on research and development inputs aimed at addressing “card neck” technology and reinforcing “fist products.” In the case of “triple necks” products, the company has designed and implemented more than 30 new priority product pre-research projects, all of which have achieved significant milestones and milestones.
The value added of the company’s products will be further enhanced when the first high-level, large-diameter national production project of the Astro anchor chain is successfully delivered.
Co-development with clients is highly cost-transferable. Special steel products have a variety, high requirements, complex processes, etc., which are usually applied to key components in the area of equipment manufacture, and end-users have high requirements for material, performance and quality stability in the procurement of products, thus creating high levels of stickyness between users and qualified suppliers.
The industry of deep-dry steel, which is rich in quality, provides highly customized services to clients and takes a proactive marketing model, and maintains long-term strategic cooperation with a large number of users, especially downstream industry leaders. Companies and customers adopt annual agreed pricing, negotiate product base prices, and then rely on quarterly or monthly steel and raw materials markets.
A higher customer stickyness, high-end product positioning, and a unique pricing model make companies more cost transferable and more stable than the average steel industry. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Leading firms, with clear growth paths, strong market positions, and strong business performance are among the rare targets of the steel industry. Given that the recovery in demand in the industry has not been as fast as expected, changes in the structure of the company’s products, and a small reduction in corporate profitability, the authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, the results of the analysis are not necessarily the same as those of the author.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author