\triangleright \triangleright 20/08/2023
\triangleright Review: Export cum. 1. Volume: 2023h1 steel products sold 942.21 million tonnes (including Tianjin steel tubes), +22.68% of the same product structure.
On the other hand, steel sales in the energy sector reached 3.5 million tons, compared to +87.7 per cent, an increase of 11 pct, to 35 per cent, and steel sales in the automobile industry increased by 10.7 per cent, while sales in the “two-high-one-team” varieties increased by 10.7 per cent.
Research assistant Sun Er-Sun, the company’s efficiency mitigation, open-source winding-up response and its effectiveness showed a modest decline in the Māori rate.
The rollout of high-end products is expected to accelerate during the period of the strategic plan for the development of companies. In 2022, the release of remoldable funds was mainly directed to projects such as the "3+1" and the "3+1+" upgrade project (phase 2), which planned the "3+1+" product production capacity of 39,000 tons and the "3+1+" product capacity.
In the third quarter of 2022, Sino-Sinte Steel (000708.sz) reported a review of the fall in steel prices and the q3 performance, the “three-high-and-one-high” upgrading project (phase 3), which planned a production capacity of 53,000 tons of “three-high-and-one-high” products.
In the broader context of the continued dynamism of high-end steel materials in the field of 2022/10/26, which accelerates the replacement of national production, there is scope for the development of high-end product projects planned by companies, and the acquisition of Tianjin steel control shares has become the world’s largest specialized, seamless steel pipe producer.
Review: A proactive restructuring of the “3+1+” product, which successfully won 60% of the share in the Shanghai Tatefu Steel Pipeline Co. Ltd. (formerly Shanghai Electric Group Steel Pipeline Ltd.) and the share in the Tianjin Steel Control (core assets are 3.5 million tons of seamless steel pipe capacity). The company owns 5 million tons of steel.
Specially seamless steel tubes produce the capacity to become the world’s largest specialized, seamless steel pipe producer. Investment advice: companies are the world’s leading specialized, special steel material manufacturers, as high-end product projects progress 5.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.