China's aluminium industry aluminumcorporationofchina (601,600ch) for the first time covered: the aluminium industry's tap integrated layout, lightly quantified + photovoltled future demand
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
China's aluminium industry is the leading industry in China's non-ferrous metals industry, with combined power at the top of the global aluminium industry and aluminium oxide production capacity.
The world’s first, highest-purity aluminium-producing capacity, second, second, full-carbon-producing capacity, and the world’s number one in fine aluminium oxide production.
The company has the bbb+.
The entire aluminium industry chain forms the industrial development pattern of the core main industry + the core sub-industry + the co-production industry + rmb86.89bn/us$12.59bn + the green industry.
Daily turnover (average of 3 months) (resource volume 568.6 million tons, storage capacity 175.5 million tons) while overseas possession of bauxite resources 1,773 million tons, ensuring stability in resource extraction and reducing company procurement
Ben. In light quantitative trends for cars, the volume of aluminium per vehicle has increased. According to projections prepared by the Ministry of Information and Communications and the Automotive Engineering Institute, in 2025, the amount of aluminium per vehicle in our country will reach 250 kg; The fluorescent industry is growing rapidly, and the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) data show that the light-volt border is using aluminium +
The photovolt machine staircase is made up of about 19,000 tons of aluminium/gwh. Pricereturn-mscicchina becomes a shareholder in the Aluminium Holdings and shows a short sheet. China's aluminium industry becomes a share in Aluminium.
Holding shareholders (29.1% shareholding), the company has significant mineral resources, and the focus of its business is in the upper and upper center; the main business of the aluminium stock is electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing, which is in the middle and downstream, and can compensate for the company's Māori ratio.
South, the company buys shares in alumina, which helps to supplement high-quality electrolytic aluminium assets and optimize the asset balance.