Researchchand developmentcenter
- The Chinese aluminium industry (601,600) reported in depth, Lou Younggang, Wong Yi-hung.
The company was founded in 2001 and successfully listed in New York in the same year, and in Hong Kong in 2007.
China's aluminium industry (601,600) stripping of aluminium processing and high-cost assets, promoting the reorganization of the company's internal assets and industrial upgrading, has led to the gradual development of the company into an electrolytic aluminum head enterprise that collects bauxite-aluminium oxide-aluminium electrolytic chain of the aluminium industry.
In combination, the global aluminium industry is at the forefront of the scale, with the scale effects of integration or will become apparent. The benefits of the downfall have been significant, and companies are rapidly increasing their competitiveness.
At present, 64% of the company's bauxite is self-sustaining, and the cost of production of aluminum is $125,312 per ton lower than the average cost of production in the market. This is accompanied by an increase in the volume of boffa-based bauxite in Guinea and the completion of the Guangxi-American bauxite project.
The self-sufficiency rate is expected to rise to 70-75%, and the cost of aluminium oxide production may be further reduced. For electrolytic aluminium, the self-sufficiency rate of the company ' s electrolytic aluminium oxide and precalcinating anode is 100%, and the advantage of industrial chain integration gives companies a cost advantage of $1,000 per tonne over the average industry production cost of electrolytic aluminium production.
The cost advantage of integration is that the new 420,000 tonnes/year electrolytic aluminium production capability project of the subsidiary Huayun New Materials has accelerated, and the company's electrolytic aluminium production will grow in February 2023 through an open transfer of the South Mountain aluminium industry 100,000 tonnes/year electrolytic aluminum target, adding capacity to post-partum capacity.
The supply side reform and energy change have far-reaching implications for the supply side and demand side of the industry. The supply side, in the short term, is still low in the southwest reservoir.
Intraregional electricity demand growth has been affected by the fact that electrolytic aluminium, such as Yunnan and Guizhou, may continue to face power-constrained pressures; in the context of energy supply constraints in Europe, it is more difficult for Europe to resume production at a faster pace than in the previous period, with a recent increase or decline (%) in the last month.
In the medium-to-long term, China’s electrolytic aluminum production was influenced by the ceiling, the country quickly reached a ceiling on capacity, and the production capacity of extra electrolytic aluminium from overseas was slow and the share of total circulation a (%) was limited.
The elasticity of the supply of cellular electrolytic aluminium is reduced, the global supply of primary aluminium is expected to increase at an average annual rate, or will improve at a steady margin, between 2023 and 2025, and the volume of new energy vehicles in the new energy sector, as well as light-voltaic aluminium, is expected to contribute to a new increase. In the broader context of global green low-carbon development, the demand for electrolytic aluminium remains resilient, with 2023-2025 projected.
Global demand for raw aluminium has grown at an average annual rate of about 2.4%, with supply and demand gaps or will continue to expand, and aluminium prices will continue to show upward trends over the medium to long term. The risk factor is that new production capacity will not increase as much as expected, and demand for new energy and real estate will not grow as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
There are three bright spots in the company ' s investment logic: 1. The company is the leading company in the country for the integration of the chain of the country ' s electrolytic aluminium industry, currently owns 213 million tons of resources for detection + control of bauxite, 2.86 million tons/year of aluminium oxide, the world ' s leading producer; 4.4556 million tons/year of electrolytic aluminium production, and the highest producer.
The integration of bauxite, aluminium oxide, and precipitous alumina self-sufficiency rates of 64 per cent, 100 per cent and 100 per cent, respectively, the electrolytic aluminium industry chain saves companies nearly $1,000 per ton in production costs compared to the average industry cost. We expect that, with the increase in bauxite from the company ' s sub-project and the launch of the Guangxi bauxite project, the company ' s industrial chain will be integrated.
2. Subject to the determination of the electrolytic aluminum energy ceiling, the company will increase its electrolytic aluminum production capacity by 11.7% to 49.76 million tonnes/year through the company ' s electrolytic aluminum production capacity and external purchase of the aluminum target.
In addition, in July 2022, the company acquired 19% of the shares in aluminium and became the first shareholder in aluminium.
3. From an industry perspective, the aluminium industry is experiencing short-term or continued power disruption in the south-west, overseas production of electrolytic aluminium is unlikely to recover quickly, and is expected to increase or be limited throughout 2023. In the medium- and long-term, the electrolytic aluminum-producing ceilings are expected to increase.
The new domestic production capacity is limited, the additional production capacity of overseas electrolytic aluminium is not increasing significantly, the supply elasticity of the original aluminium will gradually diminish, which will be accompanied by marginal improvements in the demand for real estate, the marginal increase in the demand for electrolytic aluminium from new energy vehicles and photovoltaic aluminium will contribute to the demand for electrolytic aluminium, and the demand for electrolytic aluminium will remain resilient in the context of global energy-saving reductions, with the projected year 2023-2025 for the global demand for primary aluminium.
The average growth rate is about 2.4%, the supply and demand gap will continue to expand, and aluminium prices will continue to rise over the long term or continue to do so.The global industry is leading the world, with emphasis on integrated development, and China's aluminium industry, Inc. (hereinafter “the company”) is a pool of bauxite, coal, etc., for exploration and exploitation, aluminium oxide, and so on.
Aluminium and aluminium alloy production, marketing, technology development, international trade, logistics industry, thermal power generation, new energy generation Electrolytic aluminium enterprise with a combined size leading the global aluminium industry.
On the resource side, the company owned and operated 15 bauxite mines (14 in China and 1 in Guinea) and 14 mines with a total of 213 million tons of resources for detection and control of bauxite mines; in addition, the company's subsidiary Ningxia Energy and Gansuhuayang owned and operated 5 coal mines, 4 in production, and 4 in production.
The company's electrolytic aluminium industry is well-equipped and has significant integration advantages.
2001-2007: Establishment of a tripartite initiative to bring it on the market, both within and outside the country.