For the first time, Changchun's company covered the growth hormone pole status stable, vaccine plate ready for the future - Longchun's first coverage report.
The golden game medicine industry: There is plenty of growth hormones, and the collection is expected to have a limited impact, one of the new core subsidiaries of the golden spring, focusing on the core product growth hormones. The growth hormones are on the right track for the treatment of child shortness in the country, but the penetration rate is still huge.
Large, only 5.7 per cent of the country ' s population with small-deficiency diseases received treatment in 2020, including adult growth a share of the circulation unit (millions): new adaptive disorders, including hormone deficiency, are under-used in the country, and the expansion of new adaptive conditions is expected to increase to growth.
The growth hormone price system is stable and difficult to capture.
A certain consumption attribute, a high out-of-the-hospital ratio and a low health insurance ratio make it more difficult to conduct bulk purchases, and even in some areas, the competitive patterns of growth hormones have relatively limited impact on the price system.
Companies have a number of competitive advantages and are expected to secure their market share. The company’s growth hormones are first listed in the country, with a pre-emptive advantage, full dose-based dose distribution, water needle-aided electron pens and the first long-acting type to meet diversified demand and market acceptance. In addition, the company is active in developing new adaptations.
The disease, early distribution of the adult market, based on growth hormones, features several emerging areas such as assisted reproduction, Alzheimer’s, etc. 100-gram organisms: breaking up the market and accelerating R & D progress, and research and development pipeline layouts are rich
In June 2021, 100-grams were successfully separated from the market, with 41,54% of the stockholdings on the market, a decrease of about 4.61%, a limited distribution effect, and a better financing of the companies on the market after successful financing.
Liu Hye Min R & D pipelines are advanced. The company's current product pipelines are well-structured, and the market for chickenpox vaccine has been stable for many years; the nasal flu vaccine was approved in 2020 and is expected to be rapidly released; rabies vaccine
Production is expected to resume in the near future after technological upgrading; the vaccine with herpes is expected to be marketed in 2022; there is still a gap in the country; the vaccine is expected to be marketed and replaced by national production; and the market is rapidly occupied; in addition, the company has distributed a multiplicity of products, such as a 100-white sub-vaccine and a oncological vaccine, which is expected to be in place.
The company’s strong position as a growth hormone leader is expected to continue to benefit from the long-term dividends of growth hormone market penetration, higher rates and adaptive expansion, the abundance of vaccine pipeline layouts, and the prospect of a growing multiplicity of products.
Industry policy risks, lack of progress in research and development of new products, future competition in products, risks of policy change in the health sector.
We recommend the following main new logic: in the short term, the company, influenced by market pessimism in the event of growth hormone purchases, is in a relatively low value range and has a much lower expectation of high-precision performance; in the long run, the company's core growth engine is mainly in the future.
The market space for growth hormones continues to expand: on the one hand, the penetration rate remains low as the main current application area of our growth hormones, with only 5.7% of treatments in 2020, compared to Europe and America.
There is still much room for improvement in developed countries: on the other hand, the new adaptations of growth hormones are expanding, including the expansion of developmental hormones in children and adults, 75 per cent of growth in the United States, hormone users over 20 years of age, and we believe that the expansion of domestic growth hormone adults is expected to overlap.
Immunization: The growth hormone market is still in a rapid expansion phase, with over 70% of the out-of-hospital market, only about 10% of the health-care payments, and a certain level of health-care immunization. We think it is growing.
The product characteristics of hormones and the pattern of competition in the market are bound to be difficult and unfeasible, i.e., to allow future bulk purchases of growth hormones in parts of the world to have a relatively limited impact on the product’s price system. As the long-acting agent model is promoted, the price system is expected to rise even further.
The company has a number of competitive advantages and is expected to consolidate its market position: the company’s growth hormones were first listed in the country, had a pre-emptive advantage, had a deep-farming market for many years, was one of the standard-setters in the country’s products, and the public sector’s growth hormone-type doses were well-positioned, water needle-aided electronic pens and long-acting agent-types met the needs of diversification.
In addition, the company actively expands on new adaptive disorders, pre-positions the adult market, based on growth hormones, and sets up several emerging areas such as assisted reproduction, Alzheimer. Figure 1: A positive analysis of growth of growth of growth hormones in the long spring and high spring
Long springs, high springs, growth hormones, long springs, high springs.
Growth hormones, first listed in the country, pre-emptive advantage, agent type.
Low growth hormone penetration among children with dwarfism, • water needles with electronic injections
• Actively expand the development of new adaptations, adult adaptations.
Pre-positioning of the adult market: Continuous promotion of long-acting agents Active layout of assisted reproduction,
In the field of Alzheimer's disease, vaccine: we believe that in the short term, the company's vaccine plate is stable in the market for pox vaccine, the inflammation of the snail flu vaccine is expected to be released, and the star strain herpe vaccine is about to be marketed. In the long run, the company's product lined up.
A rich and future multiplicity of products is expected to fill gaps in the country or to upgrade existing varieties. Nostril influenza vaccine: the new crown outbreak stimulated a significant increase in the demand for influenza vaccine, with a total of 57,6527,000 issued in 2020, an increase of 87.28 per cent over the same period, and is mainly applicable to populations aged 3-17.
The company’s nose-infested influenza vaccine is the country’s first and exclusive vaccine, and is expected to be released quickly. Herpe-type vaccine: herpes have a high incidence among the elderly population and are added to the country’s ageing process.
Rapidly, the incidence of herpes is expected to continue to increase throughout the population, and it is important that herpes vaccine be used as a means of prevention. Currently, only gsk of herpes imported into the country was issued in 2020, and companies are expected to be issued with herpe vaccine in 2022 and are expected to become the country’s first herpe vaccine.
1. Medical science and technology have been successfully transformed, with the company 'Four Horse' having been on the market for many years, relying on the National Finance Committee, and with a strong foundation. In June 1993, Changchun was replaced by the new technology of Changchun.
The General Corporation for Industrial Development, which was established on the sole initiative of the State Finance Committee of the Changchun Xin District, was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 1996 as one of the first listed companies in the north-east.
For more than 20 years on the market, Changchun Gaoxin successfully transformed the company into a consortium focused on the field of pharmaceutical science and technology and innovation, with investment in the industry. At present, the company is explicitly based on biopharmaceuticals and real estate.
Accompanied industrial positioning has created three major industrial development platforms for genetic engineering medicine, biological vaccines, modern Chinese medicine, and has led to a dynamic development pattern for the gold race medicine industry, 100 grams of biology, the Chinese medicine industry, and the high-renovation property "Four Horses".
The company has always focused on technological innovation, maintaining a high level of investment in research and development for many years, focusing on technological upgrading and process optimization of existing products, team expertise, market demand-oriented growth and development, women ' s health, oncology prevention and treatment,
In the areas of treatment of childhood diseases and prevention of priority infectious diseases, there has been sustained and increased investment in research and development, the development of new technologies, new products, the introduction of external technologies, the active expansion of technology coverage and efforts to expand industrial advantages.
The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is a core subsidiary of genetic engineering bioproducts under the new banner of Changchun. The Golden Race Medicines industry was founded in 1997 as the only global genetic engineering pharmaceutical company with three generations of reorganizing growth hormone products. 1998: first growth hormone powder produced in the listed country; first growth hormone water agent in Asia in 2005; and in 2014.
The city’s first polyethanol long-range growth hormone: the first reorganised ovarian hormone in 2015: the first growth hormone in the world in 2016. The product quality control standards of the Golden Race drug industry are generally superior to national standards, and serve as a national centre of excellence for the quality management of genetic engineering drugs for 22 years in a row.
Figure 7: The history of the gold-spiriting pharmaceutical industry with four major plates of child growth, burns, assisted reproduction, digestive therapy, among others
The child growth development plate, led by the human growth hormone series, is the company ' s current core business, and other products, such as human-promoting ovarian hormones, have a high potential for development.
Common name Adaptive disorders and uses for slow growth in children due to lack of endogenous growth hormones, for use in the past
The growth hormones identified by the same growth hormone stimulant test, for severe burns, etc.
ovarian hormones, bubonic hormones, metrol treatment for non-reacting women.
The electron pen injector is suitable for re-use of electropen syringes for the electron infusion of pens.
Acetic traiprin injection generally requires reducing steroid hormone serum concentrations to depressive water.
Ping patients, et cetera, cirrhosis of the liver -- emergency treatment for gastric vein bleeding, and special treatment, Kinderlin.
In 2016-2019, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry maintained a high growth rate, with annual compound growth of business income of 51.77% and net profits of the year.
58.55 per cent; slightly slower growth in the impact of the epidemic in 2020, with revenues of $5,803 million, corresponding to growth of $1,843 million, representing an increase of 49.71 per cent; net profit of $878 million, corresponding to growth of 878 million, figure 8: Goldside medicine industry harvests (billions, per cent)
2.1 Increased penetration + expansion of adaptive conditions, where growth hormone needs remain adequate, growth hormones play a key role in growth growth development. Growth hormones are made, stored and secreted from growth hormone cells in the cerebral pituitary, which is a single chain of multipolar hormones with 191 amino acids, relative fractions.
The basic function of sub-mass, around 22kda, which is the most important hormone for post-natal growth, is to stimulate the growth of the organism by promoting synthetic metabolites (protein, fat, etc.) to increase the size and number of body cells and to regulate the metabolic processes of various cells.
Figure 10: Growth hormone stimulating tissue development Development of growth hormone products has undergone five generations of replacement, resulting in increased safety, efficacy, and dependence. Growth hormones were found around 1920, when scientists discovered that young animals had cerebral nucleotide removed, and that they were still alive.
Long-term development stopped; later, an animal experiment found that a protein hormone in a cerebral pituitary controlled animal grew high and grew up: in 1930, the birth of long hormones was extracted from cattle and pig cerebral pits, but the effects were not certain and proved to be biologically inactive and the side effects of heat, allergies, etc. were evident.
Rhgh, recombinant dna technology is generally about the dna segment of synthetic growth hormones, expanding and reconnecting to the carrier using molecular Klon techniques, expressing the purpose protein of growth hormones in the expression system, which minimizes the risk of exposure to infectious factors and is highly pure.
The first generation of growth hormones was extracted in 1958 by Roben from the cerebral pituitary of a recently deceased person, with a small shortage to meet the needs of a large number of patients, and with a risk of transmitting infectious diseases, and found to cause chronic cerebral cylindrical variability and death, with countries all over the world ceasing to use each other.
Research on the structure of the plant and the development of dna restructuring techniques, recombinant growth hormone rhgh, the second generation of growth hormones developed in 1981 by Genentech using the macrointestinal bacterium encapsulation, with 192 amino acids, were more numerous at the end of normal growth hormone molecules.
A protein amino, which treats growth hormone deficiency, is effective, but treatees are prone to create antibodies that affect therapeutic effects. Third-generation growth hormones use common coliforms and mammal nucleic expression systems to express a synthetic rhgh containing 191 amino acids, but the product of the common coliform system is structured with hgh.
There are still differences between the products of the true nuclear expression system and the natural growth hormone structure, but there are problems of animal origin infection.
\triangleright hgh is consistent, with high indicators of biological activity, efficiency, purity, combined with protein water-stabilization techniques, further improvement of safety and stability.
The fifth generation of growth hormones refers to chemically modified growth hormones, whose half-life has been significantly increased, the number of injections \triangleright has been reduced from once a day in traditional rhgh to once a week, and the drug has become more dependent.
Water needles are better active, resistant, safe and accessible than powder. From the agent-type perspective, growth hormones can be divided into water pins and needles. Water pins use protein phase stabilization techniques to solve the problem of spatial structural instability of growth hormones in water soluble fluids, keeping growth hormones in their original liquid form; powders are used to freeze.
Solutions dry from freezing conditions without liquid direct lifting and dehydration, with a uniquely loose and porous structure that allows the drug to recover easily. The technical barrier to long-term effectiveness is how to ensure the activity and purity of the primary growth hormones. On the one hand, with peg coiling,
The increase, with a corresponding increase in the half-life of the body, is accompanied by a corresponding decline in activity; on the other hand, the location and number of peg modifiers on the growth hormones, which are available in about 10 locations, and the number of peg modifiers on the growth hormones, have an impact on the activity and purity of the growth hormones, which are currently the only product in the domestic market with a company’s gold medallion.
According to the Ministry of Health ' s " Clinical Path to Shortness " (2010 edition), it is defined as being below the 3rd percentile of the normal and healthy growth curve for children of the same race, age, gender or sex.
The causes of the disease are many and common are growth hormone deficiency (ghd), growth hormone insensitivity or resistance, turner syndrome (ingenital growth of ovarian ovarians) and treatment through external supplementation of growth hormones account for about 80% of the total.
The country has a large base of dwarfism, a low penetration rate, and still a huge space for improvement. The 4-15 age group is considered the best age group for treating dwarfism with recombinant growth hormones. According to data from the National Statistical Office, in 2019 I
The population aged 4-15 years is estimated to be 185 million, while the incidence of dwarf diseases is about 3%, according to which the number of children suffering from dwarf diseases in 2019 was about 5.5 million. If only the traditional population of growth hormone deficiency is taken into account, the corresponding number of children suffering from dwarf diseases in the country is 1.8 million, and if the rest of the country is considered to be approved or clinically active.
According to market research data, the average number of patients with growth hormones in 2020 was estimated at 178,000, and the market penetration rate is currently estimated at 5.7 per cent.
Growth hormones are widely used, and can also be used for burns treatment and adult growth hormone deficiency, and adaptations are expected to expand. Our growth hormone adaptation is relatively late in development in the United States, and is still in its completion phase, and child adaptation is expected to further increase the market space for child shortness in the country.
In another major area of growth hormone use, about 75 per cent of the users of growth hormones in the United States are over 20 years of age (the main purpose of which is resistance to ageing and muscle enhancement), 45 per cent are 40-60 years of age, use of hyperadaptive disorders is around 30 per cent, and up to 300,000 muscle-enhanced growth hormones are used each year, and there is a lack of movement of adult growth hormones in the country.
It's only just beginning, and there's plenty of room for the future. 2.2 The growth hormone collection is less viable and the price system is expected to be relatively stable.
In the recent past, the Internet has spread to the multi-provincial joint purchasing list led by Guangzhou Province. On July 17, 2021, the drug trading centre of Guangdong Province issued a request for purchases from 45 drug union regional groups, including Amocilin.
The notification of comments in the paper (for comments), which lists the collection variety of nationally procured varieties that are due to expire, does not cover growth hormones.
On 21 April 2021, the Guangdong Health Insurance Board issued a programme for the institutionalization of drug group procurement, a list of essential health-care medicines with the same generic type of drugs, in order of their high to low value, with priority to be given to them.
On 19 May 2021, Guangdong proposed to form a 16-provincial procurement coalition to co-operate in the procurement of provincial medicines, ultrasound blades, and over 300 types of online procurement.
Hormonals are also on the web list, with notifications from the regional group of pharmaceutical unions with volume procurement documents (for comments), which include 13 provinces (autonomous regions) in Guangdong and Shanxi, all of which are about to expire.
At present, the present open collection in Guangdong Province does not include growth hormones, but the event raises concerns about future growth hormones. We believe that the collection of growth hormones is less feasible and less viable.
The out-of-horizon market is larger. Over 70 per cent of the domestic growth hormones are sold out-of-hormogens, and the collection of intra-hospital reports alone is far from meeting market demand.
At present, the number of domestic growth hormones is relatively small and their concentration is high, market competition is insufficient and the penetration rate is rising at a high rate, and a large number of manufacturers do not have a price-for-value dynamic. Moreover, most manufacturers do not have large-scale production and production in the country.
The growth hormones are very demanding for channels and after-sales. The growth hormones are broken down and sold directly. Consumers need long-term high-frequency drugs, and demand high demand for factory services and after-sales.
There's branding benefits between the biological group and the consumer. Dosage types are complex. The growth hormone dose types are complex, and the main manufacturers are still in the process of improving the formulation, considering concerns about future collections.
The effects of the collection are divided into two scenarios: a pollinator collection: less than 10% of the sale of the needle for the long spring of the dragon, and a drop in the price of the pollinator very little impact on it. We believe that growth hormones are a consumption attribute, even if they are collected in some parts of the country.
The impact is also relatively limited. Assuming a 50% decrease in the price of the needles, based on an average drop to the national collection, and a 20% reduction in the price of the needles, it is estimated that only 2% of the sales of the new growth hormones are higher without taking into account the growth hormone market penetration rate.
The increase, and the advantage of the market for new needles and needles in the long spring, has limited impact on the growth hormone market. Water needles are collected at the same time: the type and price of water needles are different from that of needles, and we are very different from the price of the needles.
\triangleright argues that it is difficult to combine the two, assuming that the collection is combined, that the water needle company is expected to withdraw from the collection area and sell the needles only in the collection area. Assuming that the water needles are collected separately, there are currently only three needle manufacturers in the country and they are long.
We believe that even water needle collection is not expected to result in significant price reductions. In the light of the above, we believe that the characteristics of the products of growth hormones and the pattern of competition in the market can be foreseen, and that their development can take place.
The difficulty and feasibility of volume procurement, even when associated with growth hormone purchases in some parts of the country, have a relatively limited impact on industry patterns and headlines. 2.3 The corporate growth hormones have multiple advantages and a strong leader.
The country is the first country to be listed, with a pre-emptive advantage, and has a full range of agents. Kim is expected to do so as the only long-acting agent to be listed in the country today. The long-acting type has a significant advantage, with one needle per day to seven needles, effectively increasing the ease of injections.
The growth hormones of the Time Kinsey are the most specific in the country and have layouts for three types of agents, including four water pins, five powders and one long-acting agent. As the second-highest-growing agglomerator, only eight specifications, including two water pins and six powders, are currently on the market.
Hazel only has a powder needle layout. Water needles with a high degree of market acceptance and dependence drive the sale of needles. Race-up electron notes have a clear advantage over traditional injection pens.
The maximum dose of a pen is 9.9iu, which is much higher than 6.0iu of a conventional mechanical pen and 7.2iu of a pen. Traditional machine needles are small in contact with the skin, so they are easily shaking and causing pain, while the hidden structure of the booster needles increases 0.005 ml, significantly reducing the loss of medicines, while giving more accurate doses.
The treatment is due to the cumbersome operation, simple pre-injection pre-injection preparation, simplified injection steps, while improving the patient’s dependence, water-sharing needle use, and efficient marketing of needles.
The leading companies are now in the clinical stage of four new adaptive disorders in each of the two types. Four of these are clinically active, and four of them are clinically active, either clinically or in the hysteria, and are expected to be approved as soon as possible in 2022 or 2023 in the adult market.
Kinsey and Anko both have layouts, Kinsey treats the lack of adult growth hormones in the clinical stage, and the development process is moving faster. In the future, Kinsey and Anke will either speed up research and development to capture the adult market quickly.
There are more potential applications, and companies combine the new applications of growth hormones through multiple directions to improve the layout of the company's products: Auxiliary reproduction. Documentation studies show that growth hormones are combined with ghr, adding angf-i.
The company’s first re-organisation in the country in 2015 led to the opening of an auxiliary reproductive channel to lay the foundation for future use of growth hormones in the field of assisted reproduction.
A number of studies have shown that growth hormones can influence brain function therapy by increasing the concentration of plasma igf-i or regulating the concentration of brain igf-1 to be more alert, dynamic, emotional, and induce a sense of well-being, which may have potential therapeutic significance for Alzheimer's disease. The company announced in June 2021 that it would be able to use it.
The company's core technology, known as the Alzheimer's diagnostic reagent box, has acquired 51 per cent of its shareholding in Beijing, and will benefit companies in the future, in the context of population ageing, with the highest growth hormone market and a strong lead. According to the sample hospital, the company's growth hormone market is well established.
According to data, the market for sample hospitals in the Golden Race medicine industry in 2020 was 78.4%, up by almost 10 percentage points from 69.5% in 2018, and up to the top of the growth hormone market, with a good upward trend. The second largest sample hospital in Ancobia in 2020 was only 15.9%, a decrease of 2 percentage points from 2018.
There is a large gap in the pharmaceutical industry. The sample hospitals of other competitors are also largely on the decline, and the gold industry is gradually squeezing the market space of competitors in the industry.
100-gram organisms are innovative biopharmaceuticals dedicated to the prevention and control of infectious diseases under the new flag of Changchun High, mainly in the development, production and marketing of human-use seedlings. Companies have mastered core biotechnologies for vaccine research and development, building up four platforms for vaccine and biopharmaceutical development, critical technology development and application, hatching water pox vaccines,
The three publicly available products of rabies vaccine and nasal influenza vaccine, while actively enriching the vaccine product line based on a technological platform, are currently being studied, including herpes with herpes vaccine, a 100-percent white vaccine, and so on.
The 100-gram split was successful, and the fund-raising company developed the layout. Before the 100-gram bios split, Changchun Gae held a 46.15% share in the 100-gram bios, the 100-gram bios controlling owner, the 100-gram bios controlling person, the National Committee for the Changchun Xin District, and ultimately the control of the people's government in Changchun City. The others held more than 5% of the shares.
The shareholders are: Konvi directly owns 28.06% of the company’s shares, and Wei Xining directly owns 9.69% of the company’s shares. The split is 41.54%, a decrease of about 4.61%, and the impact is limited.
Four platforms for vaccine and biopharmaceutical development, critical technology development and application have been gradually established: “Vitro-scalation, Nurturing Technology”, “Technology Platform for Formulations and Zooagents”, “Technology Platform for Genetic Engineering” and “Technology Platform for Baccalaureate Vaccines”, covering antigens, formulations and septics in vaccine research and development, and covering pre-vaccination techniques.
The company’s three vaccine products, which are already on the market, have a clear advantage and are gradually gaining market:
\triangleright double human cell use as a live water pox vaccine for the production of a cyto-based vaccine with a product of up to 10,000 pfu, with a protection strong 2 with no visible glue content, and a safety high of 3 for 36 months, steady
Qualitatively higher, with over 30 per cent of the city ' s share of the year running, market leadership and a stable competitive pattern The technical route of the rabies vaccine has been upgraded and it is expected to resume in the second half of 21: the rabies vaccine is an advanced and cost-effective vaccine variety owned by the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, the El Niños, with one process; and the removal of miscellaneous vaccines.
Good protein performance and high safety; advantage of microcarrying bioreactor technology, high quality control. Since the second half of 2018, McFun has suspended the production of rabies vaccine and upgraded the production equipment and production processes, with expected safety, effectiveness and quality control of the upgraded products.
(b) National monopoly on frozen nose infested influenza vaccine: the company's first and sole nose infested influenza vaccine was approved in 2020, with more than 1.5 million copies issued in the first year of the market, with 1 production efficiency, which is conducive to responding to the pandemic.
Model 2 is more dependent, contributing to the advantage of three types of immuno-immun response, which can induce mucous membrane, body fluid and cellular immunisation. Research and development pipelines are abundant and ready for the future. The company has 12 vaccines and two infectious disease prevention units under study.
Controlled human-source monoclonal antibodies, including, inter alia, a live herpe antitoxin vaccine, co-inhalation of cellular albino (three groups of points), haemophilus influenzae type b combined vaccine, human-wide anti-rabies monoclonal antibodies, human-source anti-tetanus toxin monoclonal antibodies, etc.
From 2017 to 2020, the company’s net profits grew significantly faster than the growth in the company’s net profits as sales expanded and fixed costs were amortized.
3.1 Nose Influenza vaccine: the country's first nose-infested influenza seedling, effective supplementation of the influenza vaccine market Influenza is an acute respiratory disease caused by influenza virus, prone to outbreaks in places where there is a concentration of schools, childcare institutions and nursing homes, among others.
The influenza outbreak in China is closely linked to personal protection, vaccination awareness, weather, and so on. In 2019, the influenza outbreak resumed, reaching 3,533,800 people nationwide and 269 deaths. In 2020, it was affected by both the influenza and the new crown pandemic, and national vaccination awareness increased.
Influenza vaccinations are the most effective means of preventing influenza and need to be inoculated every year. In different parts of the country, the peaks of influenza are occurring at different times and times, in order to ensure that the victims receive immunization before the high influenza season.
The National Influenza Center of China recommends that immunization be completed by the end of October, so that the second and third quarters of the year will be a peak in the issuance of influenza vaccines, which will require re-inoculation for prevention purposes because of the low antibody levels after one year. The National Influenza Center recommends that children aged 6 to 23 months, children aged 2 to 5, older persons aged 60 years and over, persons with specific chronic illnesses, etc.
Medical personnel, pregnant women, and family members and caregivers of infants under the age of June are given priority. The current influenza epidemic is divided into three- and four-price influenza vaccines, and common vaccinations can be divided into needle injections and nasal injections.
To prevent influenza outbreaks worldwide, vaccine manufacturers have been selected as emergency vaccine providers in several countries around the world, 100 grams of organisms have been authorized in China to produce frozen dry nose infested influenza vaccine as the only cooperative venture, and vaccine strains have been modified through cooling and adaptation techniques and are less capable of reproduction in environments above 33°c (e.g. lungs), but can be used in nasal and diarrhea.
The Ministry also caused three types of immuno-responses: 1) mucous membrane immunisation: the silicone membrane was given, resulting in the siqa antibodies, which formed the first immune line in the nasal cavity to prevent the infection of the virus with the mucous cells; 2) body fluid immunisation: the creation of the ig antibodies and the elimination of the influenza virus in the body fluids; 3) cellular immunisation: the activation of the t-cell immuno-response and the clean-up of the inflow.
Influenza virus in cells. Figure 27: Bio-Nose Influenza machine map 100-gram bio-Nose Influenza vaccine can form three types of immune response: “cellular immunisation” + “glue immunity” + “body immunisation”
1 nasal spray, a combination of the virus in the vaccine with the mucous membrane membrane skin cells in the nasal cavity, 2 in the upper respiratory tract, limited reproduction of the virus, 3 tree mutant cells discovered the virus, and the information was transferred to the lymph organs.
4t cell activated and multiplied 5b cell activated, multiplied, producing more effects b cells and antibodies 6 activated t cells and antibodies from milk cells/multizo cells returned to the upper ventilator.
In addition to the virus in the cell and the resulting immunological memory, the cytological immunisation of the cytogenesis of the 7-effect b-cell secretion of the iga antibodies formed the first line of immune defense in the nasal cavity, the circulation system produced the whole body mucous mem.
The 8-effect b-cell secretion of the igg antibodies, directly into the blood cycle to generate immunize the body fluids, and the vaccination against the influenza under the new crown has increased significantly, with a four-price step-by-step replacement of the triple-priced influenza vaccine market. In recent years, the issuance of our influenza vaccine has continued to decline, with the major influenza A-H1n1 outbreak ending.
Influenza vaccination will gradually decline, leading to a decline in the number of releases. But the re-emergence of influenza in the United States in 2019, and the increase in domestic influenza, coupled with the outbreak of the new crown in early 2020, increased awareness of the national influenza vaccine, with a combined release of 57,6522,000 cases in 2020, an increase of 87 per cent.
Influenza is expected to reach 11.8 billion in the medium term. In the future, the four-priced flu market and the three-priced influenza vaccine are a big trend. The market size increases are mainly due to increased inoculation, seepage, increased penetration, and the 100-gram market space for bionosin influenza vaccine comes from the three-priced influenza vaccine.
Because of the different types of influenza vaccine protection effectiveness, the levels of demand and prices vary from age to age, and eventually lead to preference for different influenza vaccine consumption. According to the China Central Bureau of Statistics, the number of people aged 6-3 years, 3-17 years, 17-65 years and 65 years and over is 34.89 million, respectively.
244 million, 945 million and 170 million people, assuming: high need for influenza vaccine due to poor immunization of infants and young children and the elderly, poor self-control of children aged 3-17, high awareness of adult self-protection, assuming 6 months-3 years, 3-17 years of age, 17-65 years of age and over 65 years of age
Since only three-priced viral fission vaccine is available for children aged 6-3 years, the urban rate is 100%: 15%, 70%, 15%, three-priced, four-priced, and 4-foot, respectively, for people aged 3-17 years and over.
On the basis of the best bid for the influenza virus vaccine in 2020, it is assumed that the three-priced children ' s version of the influenza virus fission vaccine will cost $30/agent and the adult version will cost $50/agent; the four-priced unit price of the influenza vaccine will be $120/agent; and the nose unit price of the flu-reduction live vaccine will be $298/agent.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we measure the size of the three-priced influenza virus fission vaccine in the medium term (in 2030) at $1.230 billion, the four-priced influenza vaccine at $9.560 billion, the 100-gram bio-snap influenza vaccine model at $1,092 million, and the total market size at $11,883 million.
3.2 Vegetable herpe vaccine: a star species to be marketed: China has moved from mild to moderate ageing, increasing the number and incidence of potential herpes.
In late 2019, China accounted for over 60 million people, or 12.6 per cent of the total population, and is expected to have more than 300 million elderly people, moving from mild ageing to moderate ageing, with an increase in the number of potential cases of herpes.
The best therapeutic drugs have yet to be developed, so it is vital that herpes vaccine be used as a means of prevention. There are now zostavax and shingrix of gsk in Meshadong, the world’s currently marketed herpe vaccine.
Reorganization of herpes vaccine shingrix was marketed in October 2017 and was recommended by the United States Advisory Committee on Immunization (ACIC) as the first option for vaccination of herpes in the aged 50 and over.
According to the gsk report, shengrix is in the U.S. age group, and penetration rates will continue to rise in the next two to three years. After entering the country in 2020, because of its higher prices and lower market awareness levels, it has not been allowed to do so on a large scale in the country.
The 100-gram bioband herpe vaccine, which is about to be ready for harvest, is expected to break the national void. The 100-gram domestic herpe vaccine, which was commissioned by the Beijing Xiaoyang disease prevention and control centre in Beijing in 2018, conducted a preliminary assessment of the safety and immunogenity of the live herpes vaccine.
There are no serious adverse vaccine-related effects; the difference between the post-immunized serum antibodies of the herpes and the placebo group, the radiation (four times before and after anti-bodies) and the antibody gmt (geometric average drop-in) groups is statistically significant: the Ifn-gamma levels and the multipliers of the increase are significantly higher than the placebo group.
In August 2019, 100 grams of biology commissioned the Zhejiang Province Center for Disease Prevention and Control and the Jiangsu Province Center for Disease Prevention and Control to conduct clinical trials and evaluate the protective effects of a live vaccine for herpes reduction. 100 grams of biology brought an increase, and China’s market for herpes would be more than 10 billion yuan.
The size of the market for herpes depends mainly on the capacity of Shengrix in China and the release of 100-gram bio-banded herpes. According to the bio-recruit instructions, company-type herpe vaccine will be produced in 2022 and marketed in 2023. In the face of a huge gap in demand, 100-gram organisms are the fastest-growing species of herpes in research and development.
Vaccines, which are expected to be released quickly after listing, meet the country’s demand for herpe vaccine. Based on the US Pravatesector, the Mozatun herpes detoxification vaccine is offered at $140 per needle, 100 grams of biology and the Mercatian herpe vaccine technical route, we assume 100 grams of biological herpes detoxification.
(b) According to the Chinese Bureau of Statistics, the elderly population between 50 and 65 years of age is estimated to be 294 million, assuming that they are inoculated.
(a) The age distribution of the rash vaccine population is 50-65 years and the country's 50-65-year-old population remains unchanged;
Over 7.6%, a huge gap between developed and developing countries. With increased vaccination awareness and income, the city will continue to grow at a rapid pace to reach the 20% penetration rate. 3.3 Nostril injection of a new crown vaccine: future layout, accumulation of technology.
There are three different technical routes for life-saving vaccines, adrenaline vector vaccines and recombinant protein vaccines, which are newer, more time-consuming in terms of research and development, and no longer available in the country.
New coronary vaccines are on the market. Three new coronary vaccines are being developed in the country using the virus vector vaccine route. The 100-gram nose-sprayed coronary vaccine is currently receiving clinical trial approvals. The other two vaccines are being developed jointly by the Van Tai/Siamen University/gsk and the Warland Bioresearch, respectively.
100-gram biobiology plans to work with Xianxin, Guangzhou, and acquire a new coronary virus vaccine (piv-5 vehicle) and related technical authorization for the development of a new coronary vaccine (piv-5 vehicle) for the new coronary mutation strain of the virus. According to the 100-gram biopromotion instructions, the piv-5 virus has high safety, better immunity expectations, and no need for it.
One of the fastest-growing projects in the development of a new coronary vaccine on the physical and technological route is expected to help 100-gram organisms accelerate the development of a new coronary vaccine, which will also take over the market quickly after it has been marketed. On this day, China has accumulated 1,450 million doses of the new coronary vaccine, and 36.3 doses globally.
100.56 doses per 100 population, compared to a global average of 46.6 doses per 100 population. Although the global vaccination rate for new crowns is increasing, the vaccines now on the market have some room for optimization because of the speed of the process and the lack of time available to verify them.
Low-to-death toxicity, high-hidden characteristics, and the emergence of a constant strain of mutation or the long-term existence of a new coronary virus, the need for new coronary vaccines in the future or will persist, and a new, better-quality coronary vaccine is expected to replace existing vaccines by upgrading its advantages.
The Chinese pharmaceutical industry, a new subsidiary of the Chinese company, is involved in the development, production and marketing of Chinese medicine. The company’s product lines include cardiovascular, Chinese medicine, anti-inflammation, and women’s and children’s. The main products include ulcer pulmonary pulmonary tablets, silver urinary rinses, etc. The headquarters has five production vehicles.
To date, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has four subsidiaries, with total assets of $770 million and more than 1,200 employees on the books. From 2015 to 2020, the Chinese medicine industry maintained a stable operating income of 500 to 600 million yuan.
The current revenue was 583 million yuan, a 0.45 per cent increase in the same year; net profit was achieved at 42 million yuan, a 1.48 per cent decrease in the same year; the firm recovered strong after the outbreak, with 2021q1 battalion revenues growing by 20.78 per cent to 154 million yuan in the same year; net profit grew by 30.17 per cent to 111 million yuan in the same year.
High and new properties are new and fully-owned subsidiaries, mainly engaged in the development and sale of real estate, building projects such as high-end low-end housing, high-end housing, high-end housing, high-rise housing, and gardening, and high-rise business complex, high-rise, high-rise and high-rise, high-rise, high-rises, high-rises, high-rises squares. The company is focusing on the development and operation of special properties, and is rapidly transforming and upgrading to high-end industries and now owns them.
Sales teams with 30 or so people. High new real estate revenues were growing before 2019, and the epidemic was more pronounced in 2020, with revenues of $725 million, a 23% decrease in comparison; net profits of $137 million, figure 36: 2015 - 2021q1 in revenue from new real estate (billions, %)
Figure 37: Net profits from the 2015 - 2021q1 high new real estate (billion yuan, per cent) 6. Financial analysis: high and sustained performance and recovery from the epidemic Maintenance of high growth in corporate performance, slower growth from the effects of the epidemic in 2020 and significant post-epidemiological recovery.
Corporate operating income increased by 16.31 per cent to $8,577 million in 2020, a significant decrease from the same rate in 2019, with 37.19 per cent, mainly due to the negative impact of the epidemic. The net profit on maternity increased by 61.21 per cent to $875 million in the same year.
The company is well-profited, its Māori rate and net interest rate have risen steadily, while its operating cash flow has been affected by the epidemic, leading to a significant increase in its net interest rate; and 2) lower sales costs have led to higher net interest rates, which have increased net interest rates faster than Māori rates. The Māori rate and net interest rate continue to grow at 2021q1.
90.1 per cent and 39.6 per cent, respectively, of corporate operating cash flows of $1,111 million in 2020, a decline in the same year, a slight decrease in sales and management costs, and a steady increase in R&D costs. Sales costs fell to 30.11 per cent in 2020, owing to the inability of the previous three quarters to carry out outreach activities as a result of the epidemic.
The impact has slowed, and the company has gradually resumed its outreach activities, with a slight increase in the cost of sales of 2021q1. The management cost rate has continued to decline in recent years, with 11.11 per cent in 2020, reflecting the company's business situation.
From 2015 to 2020, the income from genetic engineering medicine/biological medicine increased from 1.319 billion yuan to $7.236 billion, representing a significant increase in total income. Genetic engineering medicine/biological medicine as a small, middle-income and real estate income remained stable. And with genetic engineering medicine/biological medicine, there was an increase in real estate income.
Income from goods operations has increased significantly, while other income as a share of total income has continued its downward trend.Profits projections and investment proposals.The company operations can split up four core subsidiaries, with the following core assumptions for profit projections:
1. Golden Review Industry: The growth hormones of the core products of the Golden Pharmacy are expected to continue to increase as market penetration increases and new adaptive conditions expand, while the net profits of the company are expected to gradually rise to 2-100-gram organisms: 100-gram species of vaccine tubes, with a relatively stable vaccine as a base plate.
It is determined that the nostril influenza vaccine, which was put on the market in 2020, and the herpe vaccine and the new rabies vaccine, which are expected to be released in 2021-2022, are expected to provide incremental performance for the company, and we assume that 100 grams of organisms will have an increase in income in 21-23.3 Other business: Chinese medicine in the Huacon pharmaceutical industry and real estate and services in the high new real estate industry are expected to generate revenue in the company.
The contribution is relatively small, considering the impact of the low base in the 2020 epidemic, and we assume that the two investment proposals for 2021 are that companies have a significant advantage as growth hormone poles and are expected to continue to benefit from the long-term dividends of growth hormone market penetration and adaptation expansion, vaccine pipeline layouts, and multiple products are expected to be marketed.
\triangleright R&D for new products is not as fast as expected: a company's research and development is not as fast as expected will pose a certain business risk to the company.
Future competition for products increases the risk that future competitors will have some impact on existing competitive patterns and impact on company performance. Risk of changes in health-care sector policy: the country’s ongoing changes in the health-care sector have a certain level of governance for companies
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.