Quarterly review: Civil-Military Co-development, Applied Industries Analyst: Chiang Seok-joo Industry Classification: Military Engineers 3 May 2021
Incidents: The company issued its 2020 report on 30 April, during which it achieved operating income on a quarterly basis. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $6,236 million (+66.74 per cent); the net return to the mother of $147 million, which was reversed over the same period the previous year.
In addition to \triangleright, transport costs under the new income guidelines have been adjusted from the original sales cost to the cost items this year;
Quarterly, companies achieved $6.236 billion (+66.74%) in operating income; the net return to the mother was $147 million, a gain and loss compared to the same period in the previous year. Civil-military operations developed in tandem, and the application industry gained momentum.
The branding effect of the context is to seize the opportunity to build along the "one-way" and expand the scope of military trade operations. Once again, the military trade market has made a breakthrough, and the torch-upb series has successfully entered the global market, filling the gap in the international military trade market's excess capacity battery.
Revenue of 3,162 million yuan, representing 11.93 per cent of the income from the main business; the shipping industry, responding to low market demand, captures a clear increase in the market demand for green equipment such as new green ships, desulphurization equipment, ballast water treatment, etc., with emphasis on new ships plus emissions treatment equipment.
Some of the main types of ships, such as super-large tankers, vlcc, finished oil tankers, high-visibility locomotive bulk carriers, etc. are also moving towards eng double-fuel power or other clean fuel power, such as ethane, methanol. During the reporting period, low-speed diesel engines, medium- and high-speed diesel engines, combined power, electromechanical equipment were manufactured to enable ship-to-sea operations.
Four hundred and forty-nine million yuan, or 15.28 per cent of operating income. The application industry is gaining momentum, with new breakthroughs in sales in the auto start-up battery appliance market, the nuclear power-related business market, the specialized corrosion steel welding market, etc., and the first national offshore platform to innovate with 25 megawatts of gas turbines.
The demonstration project was accepted by the National Energy Agency, breaking the long-term technological monopoly of foreign producers over the country's core equipment and achieving a “zero-to-one” breakthrough. During the reporting period, the Applied Industries earned $19.297 billion, representing 72.79% of operating income.
A positive growth in ship mechanics and steam engine operations, with $4.234 billion (+9.37 per cent) in marine platforms and ship mechanics and 10.64 per cent (-2.19 pcts); gas vapour power; Air Capital Building Portfolios Ltd.
Diesel power camps collected $4,585 million (-7.23 per cent) and reduced delivery orders in 2020, resulting in lower but solid diesel power plate revenues (-1.11 pcts); combined electricity and precious metals operations were affected by a quarterly outbreak north of the lake, resulting in Māori-related rates and revenues of R$100 million (-412 per cent), Māori-related rates of 561 per cent (+0.84 pcts). Nuclear power (equipment) collected $198 million (+13.27 per cent), Māori-related rates
(b) Innovatively introducing targeted debt swaps as a payment tool for matching financing, which has been successfully issued with $1.5 billion, with a premium of up to 23.43 per cent, to further address capital constraints in the conversion process, to reduce the financial burden on the companies, to unleash the dynamism of the firm's internal growth and to lay the groundwork for high-quality corporate development.
• Investment proposals: the company's seven main power and mechanical and electrical support operations, mainly in the field of defence power equipment, land industry and automobile consumption, ship and marine engineering, photovoltaics, wind power, etc., maintain a strong military industrial core, lead industry development, not figure 1: company operating income (billion yuan) and increase (%)
Figure 2: Net corporate return (millions of yuan) and rate of increase (%): Māori, net profit and cost of companies (%) Figure 3: Corporation R&D costs (billions)