Summary of the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: company reports for 2020, generating operating income of $3.19 billion, an increase of 13.9 per cent over the same period;
Realising a net return to the mother, 1.75 billion yuan, an increase of 108 per cent in the same year; deducting a net return to the mother, 700 million yuan, an increase of 26.9 per cent, and ps 2.20 yuan in the same year.
15.5 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $430 million, an increase of 37.7 per cent over the same year, the onset of the epidemic ' s impact in the second quarter. Elimination, gradual improvement in performance, and accelerated growth in the third and fourth quarters. 3 per cent for sales in 2020, an increase of 0.1 pp over the same year; 12.2 per cent for management, a decrease of 0.2 pp over the same year; and 2.8 per cent for finance.
The growth rate of 2.4 pp, the higher financial cost rate, is due mainly to the loss of h-equity fund-raising and interest on borrowings, which will continue to grow at a rapid rate. The two major business portfolios have been continuously recovering, and the Māori rate of clinical trial technical services has increased significantly.
Clinical trial technical services achieved revenues of $1.52 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent; the Māori rate of 50.1 per cent, related to factors such as lower costs. Clinical trial-related services and laboratory services achieved revenues of $1.66 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent; Māori rate of 44.6 per cent, a decrease of 4 pp, mainly due to the effects of the epidemic, laboratory clothing
While the Māori rate for on-site management and patient recruitment services has declined, the Māori rate for data management and statistical analysis services has remained relatively stable. Research and development investment continues to grow, and the expansion of global operations continues to expand.
This represents 4.9% of revenue, and sustained R & D investment provides the basis for increasing corporate profitability. At present, companies are accelerating the deployment of overseas operations, the Asia-Pacific region is now well equipped to take over multi-centre clinical operations, the Korean subsidiary, dreamcis, has been listed in May, and the Euro-American regional operation is in the pipeline.
While completing the expansion of their domestic and foreign production capacity, the subsidiaries’ claims to Rmi and bri will continue to make an important contribution to corporate performance in the future. It is expected that a deepening of corporate globalized markets will drive a sustained expansion of business.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. The company continues to expand its markets, both within and outside the country, and the clinical frontline status of the cro continues. 1. Teg medicine (300347), which accelerates the recovery of performance to see that Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for his absence, for his specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.