The company recently published its first quarterly report for 2021. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved gross operating income of 902 million yuan, or +38.74 per cent; net return to the mother of 455 million yuan, or +78.65 per cent;
Research Assistant: Rehabilitate the main camp and the return on investment is expected to continue. 2021q1, the company continues to operate well, the impact of the new coronary epidemic on clinical end operations is gradually decreasing, the net profit realized is +98.37 per cent the same year.
The continued opening of the courtyard is conducive to follow-up clinical orders, and the main business is expected to resume rapidly. q1 net cash flow from battalion activities is $238 million, or +168.05 per cent, mainly due to growth in corporate sales revenue and good receipts for major business projects. q1 investment returns on investment
032 million yuan, or 5776 per cent of the previous year, mainly due to the fact that companies earned less investment costs from subsidiaries than investment gains from the fair value of recognizable net assets at the time the investment was made; 438 million yuan, or +659.3 per cent, from fair value changes, mainly from other companies.
The return on subsequent investments is expected to continue, mainly due to the promotion of biopharmaceutical research and development ecosystems.
The Māori rate rose slightly in the same year, and the cost fell significantly in the same year. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved 46.92 per cent of Māori, an increase of 0.68 percentage points in the same year; the net interest rate was 80.11 per cent, compared with the expectation that the company, with its huge hand orders and business advantages, was expected to recover its main business quickly and promote it.
Investment proposals: Companies now have huge pending contracts, the impact of the epidemic continues to subside, clinical operations fall short of expectations, the risk of failure in drug research and development, the loss of large clients, industry policy risks, implementation of pending contracts, underperformance, the impact of the new crown epidemic, and a significant decline in investment returns.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.