Clinical operations are expected to resume rapidly, with a huge contract awaiting digestion.
Research Assistant: The impact of the epidemic has resulted in lower-than-annual growth in the main business and more profitable returns on investment. In 2020, Company 1 clinical research-related advisory services: 1,657 million yuan, +14.59 per cent, gross.
The Māori rate of laboratory and clinical trial site management and patient recruitment services has decreased, and the Māori rate of company data management and statistical analysis services has remained relatively stable. 2 Clinical trial technical services: achieving points.
In 2020, the company realized a fair value change gain from investing assets. In the immediate future, we believe that the company, with its huge hand orders and business advantages, is expected to do business fast.
Clinical pilot projects increased from year to year. In 2020, 1 drug clinical study: more than 20 international multi-centre clinical pilot projects (mrct) were conducted, and over-run and implemented regional clinical pilot projects abroad
More than 90. Medical registration services: 34 per cent increase in the number of clients of company pharmaceutical registration services over the same year, 30 per cent increase in the cumulative number of projects, of which 160 per cent increase in the number of projects in the ind (applications for new medicines for clinical trials) and 33 per cent increase in the number of projects in the Nda (applications for new drugs on the market) and 33 per cent increase in the number of projects in the Fdain
The number of projects increased by 300 per cent over the same period, while the number of cta (a foreign-produced and overseas-listed variety of applications for clinical studies in China) increased by 125 per cent over the same year, while the number of other services (including registered consultations, original support packages, communication sessions and be-recording) increased by 81 per cent over the same period.
Data analysis and video analysis clients have increased. By 2020, 1 data analysis service: the number of clients has increased by more than 20 per cent over the same year and the number of projects by more than 30 per cent over the same year. 2smo: the subsidiary Hume State has been selected for the smo list of more than 50 clinical trials, representing more than 1,000 doctors in the country.
The Institute provides professional services. 3 Video Analysis Services: 18 new clients for the same year, 3 new drugs and devices were successfully placed on the market and several projects entered the Nda declaration. 4 Clinical Trial Informatization Services: 30% increase in the number of clients and 35% increase in the number of projects for the same year.
Investment proposals: Companies now have huge pending contracts, the impact of the epidemic continues to subside, clinical operations fall short of expectations, the risk of failure in drug research and development, the loss of large clients, industry policy risks, implementation of pending contracts, underperformance, the impact of the new crown epidemic, and a significant decline in investment returns.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.