Quite a response from the National Year of Change, looking at the power of flowers in the years to come.
Yang Mae-yung gave up the beautiful answers in the reform year. The net profit from the recovery and repatriation of the mother was 1,182/139 million dollars in single 4q, and the company took the initiative to clean up the pipeline inventory at the end of the year and to stop selling some of the single items, such as green flowers, with a strong push to raise the price of green flowers.
The recovery of the grids. At the end of the period, the advance was $912 million, with the same/ring ratio +374/408 million, respectively. Controls such as 4q Slate Flowers in 2017 were partly explained. The company ' s Māori ratio reached 69.84% last year, compared to +1.16 pt, with an increase in the Māori rate due to price increases and structural upgrades.
The cost of publicity and publicity rose significantly to 551 million, and the same amount was +249 million, mainly because 2017 was the year of publicity and recovery, and the company was looking forward to the introduction of the branding of a brand-new commercial film, the title of the "Clubber" train, and so forth.
At the same time, after excluding advertising costs, the sales costs are equal to the actual costs -1.98 pct, judging by the efficiency gains in the efficient management of high income expansion + the fine-tuning of channels + the cost of the product + 10,000 yuan, which is more than sufficient because the country is re-incentived in the course of the New Year. At the end of the period, the number of foreign distributors was 1,020.
Two hundred and twenty, while expanding the region, companies are focusing on the quality of distributors.  18 years of opening up, entry channels and brand power complement each other. High-priced white wine in 1q18 is 63.8%, ring ratio +1.83pt, mainly due to the rapid growth of green flowers and quota system.
Channel thrusts have increased significantly; 2) widespread promotion of branding, which is mutually reinforcing and leads to faster sales. The rise in brand power is also evident from the recovery in prices, with 30 per cent of the value of the past year's Saffrons. 1000 pushers recruited annually have been put in place to further boost sales by approaching the terminal;
The company's costs are focused on the out-of-town market, and it's determined to keep up with the green flowers, and it's expected to return to its peak of 12 years, and Māori is expected to be close to historical heights; and it uses the use of group appointments.
3- Shanxi Liquor: As a matter of fact, there is a mechanism to promote marketing activity through the introduction of a market-based hiring system for career managers. 18 years of entry into the new era is expected to be 2017-07-23.
Sub-high-end lead to high growth due to marketing changes. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory board