Shanxi wine, running wine, fast-release system dividends, Shanxi wine, 17-year-old and 18-year-old 1-year-old newspapers.
1q18 achieved a revenue of 3.24 billion, a 49 per cent increase, a net gain of 710 million yuan, a 52 per cent increase over the previous year, with each of the top-level improvements, the completion of the pipeline, the release of the dividends of the reform of the State Enterprise, 37 per cent in 17 years, the 17-year Shanxi Wine and the 1-year 18-year review.
(i) High-test targets and low-priced white wine revenues in countries such as the hiring system increased by 33 per cent, 47 per cent, and 52,000 tons of white wine sold in 17 years, an increase of 26 per cent, which is higher than the company average.
The focus has shifted to the economy, with incomes rising by 46% over the same period. The extra-provincial channels have expanded, with incomes rising by 26% over the same year, the number of distributors increasing by 248 to 1,020 over the same year, and the end-point expansion is estimated to be faster. (4) Listed companies have been able to successfully achieve their growth targets of more than 40% of income, with net gains faster.
High-middle-end, waist-side products are growing rapidly, and the Bolivia has grown steadily. 17 years of early sales have allowed company management to think more easily about long-term planning, and the strategic course for marketing wine at the end of 17 has been shaped, including: (i) consistent with the Saffron series’s dominant breakthroughs and the cash-flow growth of the waist.
There has been a steady rise in the country. (2) In 18 years, Shanxi has been dominated by the consolidation of markets, with growth coming mainly from outside the province, especially the Rimxi market. The number of open markets outside the province, the current development at the first level, and the expansion of the network of channels, are sufficient to support rapid income growth, which is expected to take place in and around the province by the end of 18th year.
With the increase in revenue, future advertising investment will grow at a slower pace than revenue, while 18-year cost-sharing arrangements will help to increase the efficiency of the use of funds and the cost of sales is expected to decline.  It is expected that the state enterprise reforms in 2018 will continue, with rapid release of the system’s dividends, including with Huayun.
Coal price fluctuations affect the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, high targets lead to pressure on channels, stock increases, etc. Market prices on April 26, 2018 have been used as a standard.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.