On the evening of April 3rd, the company's first quarter of 2018 was awarded a net profit to the shareholders of the listed company.
A 50-60% increase is projected between $234 million and $281 million, a 50-60% increase in the same year. The first quarter of 2018, when the company was owned by a listed company, saw a high-quality growth. The net profit of shareholders is expected to increase by $234 million to $281 million, a 50-60% increase in the same year.
The reason for this is that companies insist on consumer growth, led by cultural marketing, a series of wines leading breakthroughs, perfecting regional organizations, quantifying marketing moves, and a larger increase in income from major businesses compared to the previous year, with a significant increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In 2018, as a crucial year for the "three steps and two steps" of the wine, the "open door" of the quarterly paper was a test of the effects of the tight market movement of the wine.
Market data: 3 April 2018 Marketing work planning, medium- and long-term development goals for 11936, and the goal of the 62210-year struggle is a common mission of modern-day alcoholics.
In January-February 2018, Henan reached a new high of 93 per cent, and in 2017 it was 10 million in size, and in 2018 it was 50 million, and it is now 20 million.
Down to the market, trying to outrun the speed of the wine, and the high profit growth in this quarterly report is the basic figure: on September 30, 2017, the speed of the wine turned to high-quality growth.
The pressure drive goes hand in hand, and the wine continues to grow. As the wine industry recovers, the wine changes, and the search for a way out to transform the pressure into a lasting dynamic, it must be reformed in all its aspects, starting with a net asset rate of return: 16.34 per cent.
We're going to invest in a change of equity, and we're going to make changes in manpower, incentives, and so on. We're going to say, "Three steps and two steps, three years to finish," and we're going to hit 10 billion in 2018, and the listed companies are going to earn about 9 billion dollars, and we're going to put them on the market.
Intra-provincial markets are growing steadily and are opening up in the provinces. Because of the early construction of out-of-provincial market channels, the company \triangleright changed space in 2017, putting pressure on growth in the provinces.
The development of the “1+3” market and the creation of the 300 million yuan market and 20 opportunity markets, the performance of good markets continues, and poorly performing markets are “suppled” through the Shanxi market.
Further sinking and flattening, with Henan and Beijing two priority markets doubling. In the future, we believe that Shanxi Wine will continue its upward trend, taking into account its powerful brand power, \triangleright
And the Chinese Liquor will form a team at the regulatory level and in the context of market synergy to raise the \triangleright state business reform rate below expectations, out-of-the-way expansion below expectations, macroeconomic risks