Special steel taps are well run, and the downside efficiency highlights resilience, steel and steel ii, operating net cash flow of $5.67 billion (+13.7 per cent). The company sold 9.52 million steel in the first half of 2024.
Tons, an increase of 100,000 tons in the same year, of which 1.12 million tons were exported, a decrease of 150,000 tons in the same year. In March and April, respectively, the blockboards and the line plates were the highest in history.
The industry is under pressure, and corporate performance highlights resilience. This year, the entire steel industry is facing downside demand recovery, steel recovery.
Challenges such as declining prices of materials, high costs of raw materials and the fact that the overall efficiency of the industry has been at a low level in recent years; in the context of the industry ' s surplus pattern, part of the steel industry has shifted to super-styres, increasing competition in the special steel sector, especially homogenous competition for general-use products. In the face of a critical situation, firms have reduced efficiency gains, depending on downstream demand.
Flexible restructuring of products; and maintenance of a high proportion of R&D expenditure to maintain the pace of product upgrading and to continuously increase product competitiveness. The company’s business experience during the first half of the year has kept pace with the volatility of the industry cycle.
"Sinto Steel (000708.sz)-2022 Annual Report Review: Good Performance, Inner Steel Dragon Enterprises, Clear Growth Paths, High Market Positions, Good Performance in Business in Special Steel Industry" "Sinto Steel (000708.sz)-2022 Quarterly Review: Steady Development, Passage"
It's rare, and in the context of overall industry pressure, firm operations reflect weak cyclical attributes. Maintenance plus 100,000 tons, of which 1.12 million tons are exported, a reduction of 150,000 tons from the same year.
One million tons, an increase of 13.04% in the same year; 3 million tons in steel sales in cars, an increase of 13.12% in the same year; and a 24% increase in sales in the same year of "two by one". The company also focused on the development of more than 80 “small giants” projects (the invisible champions in the segmented market), and the sale of “small giants” species outpaced by 3.86 million tons, an increase of 15.22% in the downstream.
The energy sector sold 32%, down 2 percentage points from 2023 year-round. In the case of the subsidiaries, Xinjiang 2024h1 net profit was 1,516 million yuan, Xinjiang net profit was 455 million yuan and Qingjia net profit was $339 million.
Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase for CS steel (in billions of yuan, %) Figure 4: Net profit for CS steel single season (in billions) Figure 5: Sales of corporate steel
Figure 6: Māori rate of companies, changes in net interest rates Figure 9: Gross profit composition of companies (billions of dollars) Figure 11: Changes in Central Sinte Steel Roe, Roic (%)
Figure 12: Medium Shintt steel period cost rates. This year, the entire steel industry faced the challenges of recovering downstream demand, falling steel prices, high raw material costs, etc. The overall benefits of the industry have been low in recent years; in the context of overall industry overhang, part of the steel industry has shifted to the special steel industry.
Increased competition in the specialty steel sector, especially homogenous competition for general-use products. Faced with a critical situation, firms have reduced efficiency gains, adapting product structures flexibly to downstream demand, and maintaining a high proportion of R&D spending to maintain the pace of product upgrading and continuously increase product competitiveness.
Businesses, with clear growth paths, strong market positions, strong business performance, and scarcity in the special steel industry, have a weak cyclical character in the context of overall industry pressure. Keeping the `better than the big city' rating is a guarantee that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author