High-end products shape resilience, open-source winding down efficiency gains \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright 1 volume: sales increase on a year-on-year basis, taking advantage of bearings, car industry development opportunities. 2024h1, company steel sales of 951.5 million tons, an increase of 0.99 per cent in the same year, with 112.46 million tons exported, a decrease in the same year.

The demand for special steel has grown steadily in the first quarter of 2024. The country's new “double-cycle” development pattern has gradually been built, and the manufacturing sector has been transformed up.
Levels and smartness directly drive demand for steel, and there is much room for growth in demand in China. From a disaggregated variety, high-end gear steel, bearing steel, model steel, spring steel and high-temperature alloys, new energy steel, etc.
At a time of greater resilience - 2023/08/20 - the company also focused on developing more than 80 “small giants” projects with sales out of 3.86 million.
The company further subdued the cost of financing, the cost of finance, and 73% of its primary living rate: the fall in steel prices held back q3 performance, “three by one,” and “three by one.”
Continue to be active by 2022/10/26. The production and production indicators are improved by a combination of multiple processes, such as iron front, iron-coated, steel-backed and coal-mining, which are effectively combined and fully complement each other.
· Zero inventory management, completing a number of intellectual autonomies.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.