Performance forecast meets expectations, enhances play operations, and promotes global Internet platforming — Kuala Lumpur Vanwi company stocktaking event: 20 January 2020, company performance forecast 2019: expected to be owned by 2019
The impact of non-recurring gains and losses on net profits is expected to be $20 million in 2019. Performance is in line with market expectations, firm growth in corporate operations, equity incentives schemes that benefit long-term corporate development.
In the medium and long term, the equity incentive program binds the company’s core workforce to facilitate the firm’s steady and long-term development of its operations. Businesses such as company games are well advanced, and leisure and social entertainment platforms continue to operate well.
With regard to games, companies are constantly improving their R & D and distribution capabilities and investing in the development and promotion of priority products. Hand-to-hand Awakening: Death, developed by Gameark in association with klabgames, is entering the product delivery period and is being distributed worldwide, generating income returns.
The series of Holy Domains, The Holy Domain 2, has also entered the test phase, and is expected to be on line by the first half of 2020, with slg and binary products all in preparation. For grindr, the number of active and paid users of social platforms continues to grow, with incomes rising to record levels and higher corporate returns.
For scarce quality targets, the 2020 valuation or the arrival of the RMB 10 billion level, whether market exit or sustained business development, is an important consideration for companies in 2020. In terms of recreation, companies acquire 100% of their shareholdings, with net return growth.
In addition, corporate investments are expected to continue to materialize by 2020. The company’s valuation is cheap, continues to drive global Internet platforming operations, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
In the future, it is hoped that the new wave of technology will be captured and the recommended ratings maintained.