High growth in chess games during the Spring Festival, the Auxiliary Company Industry, high growth in chess games during the Spring Festival, and steady growth in the performance of the Auxiliary Companies during the Spring Festival:
In the wake of the epidemic, the National Chess House has been suspended, the online chess game market has grown rapidly, and the fully-owned subsidiary of listed companies will benefit fully from the dividends of this round, laying a solid foundation for performance commitments throughout the year and effectively helping to put companies on the market.
▪ Performance forecast for 2019 meets expectations, and business growth for the four main platforms is stable: on 20 January 2020, the company issued a performance forecast that projected a return net profit of 1.150 billion to 1.3 billion yuan in 2019.
1) Gameark: The company is committed to smooth development in the field of play, rationally allocates resources, continuously improves research and development and distribution capabilities, and provides targeted inputs for the development and promotion of priority products; 2) Recreation: effective upgrading through new liquidity models such as horizontal expansion of games, advertising, etc.
User time spent online and sticky within the platform, adding new income growth points, optimizing 3)opera: steady growth in mobile end and pc end active user data; 4) grindr: steady growth of active users and steady progress in US stock listing.
▪ The platform transition has continued to improve, commercialization has matured, and three rounds of equity incentives have covered all levels of the public sector and benefited the company’s long-term growth. Companies have acquired the world’s largest lgbt social table, grindr, social entertainment platforms for 3-6-line urban residents, and have invested in global entertainment.
A unique platform asset, such as an Internet brand known as Opra, has successfully moved from a single game industry, 1 and Kuala Lumpur Wanwi (300418): performance strategy extended to platform operations, becoming an important Internet flow portal through data connectivity
Essentially in line with expectations, game business recovery, network effects at the group level, while mature corporate experience in commercial flow operations can help flag Internet operations drive growth.
The platform has a higher liquidity income, the synergies of inter-sectional operations are evident, and commercialization is gaining maturity. Three rounds of equity incentives have been introduced so far to fully cover the top management of each business section, with a new round of equity incentives that will further deepen core staff and benefit.
1. A fast growth in chess games and steady growth in the performance of idle support companies during the spring season.
In May 2019, the company completed a 100% list of recreational activities, followed by an increasing number of new games such as mobile arenas, games, recreational gold fields, and on the one hand, games, online literature, advertising, etc.
The value-added services sector is operating to expand the income growth point, with the current ratio of non-housing card income rising to about 10%, and the income structure improving significantly, and we expect that the total idleness will meet the performance commitment of 918 million in 2019. During the spring season, the country’s chess halls were suspended, and the market for online chess games was growing rapidly.
Based on the public disclosure data for seven wheat, the online chess game company will benefit from the number of single-day downloads of the top ten chess games on the ios toll-free list as compared with the average number of days before the first half of the year when the epidemic subsides. Figure 1: Changes in the number of single-day downloads of the top ten chess games on the ios to the free list
Figure 2: Changes in the number of single-day downloads of the top 10 non-gaming games on the ios toll-free list, changes in the number of single-item downloads of the top 10 on the ios toll-free list, and recreational activities as a front-runner for online chess games will fully benefit from the dividends on the line.
A net profit of $1 billion on recreational performance commitments is expected to grow strongly in the first half of 2020 and will provide a solid basis for commitment to performance throughout the year and effectively contribute to the stability of performance growth for listed companies throughout the year.
On 20 January 2020, the company issued a performance forecast that expected to achieve a return net profit of 1.150 billion to 1.3 billion by 2019 The non-recurring gain or loss of a resounding net profit is about $200 million. 1) Gameark: The company is committed to a smooth development in the field of play, rationally allocates resources, constantly improving R & D and
Distribution capacity, targeted investment in research and development and promotion of priority products. Old product performance is stable: hand-to-hand travel by Gameark in conjunction with klabgames, Bleach Borders - Awakening of the Spirits: Death, entering product delivery period, and steady flow of water in mainland China, South-East Asia, South Korea, etc.
The company’s own ip star product, The Sacred Doom, remained stable in 2019. The stock of new products is abundant: 2020, with the mobile version of the Swordsman and the Sanctuary 2, in addition to the slig, h5 and recreational reserves.
2) Recreational recreation: The company completed 100% of recreational activities in May 2019. By the end of June 2019, recreational activities had generated 700 million yuan, net profits of 420 million yuan, and recreational activities had been carried out through continuous innovation in research and development and operation, while continuing to grow up vertically in the game of chess, using new cash transfer models such as horizontal expansion games, advertising, etc.
Increased online time and stickyness of users within the platform, increased new income growth points, optimized business systems and income structures, increased the share of non-housing cards to about 10 per cent, and steadily increased income balance. Of this amount, search engine services generated $64 million, advertising services $49 million, technology
Technology licence business is $16 billion, retail business is $200 million, science and technology finance is $56 million, and data on mobile and pc end active users are steadily growing. (4) grindr: social platforms acquired by companies in 2016, with more than 80 million registered users.
The company signed an agreement with the US Foreign Investment Review Commission to sell 100% of the stock stock of grindr in 2020. Moreover, grindr’s stock listing is well under way, and a successful listing will help the company further increase its investment.
3. The platform transition has continued to develop, commercialization has matured, deep equity has developed, company games have started, and in 2015 listed the world ' s largest ligbt social platform grindr, social entertainment platforms for residents of 3-6-line towns, and invested in global Internet branding of Opra, among other poles.
Specialized platform assets, successfully extended from a single game business strategy to Internet platform operations, became important Internet traffic portals, creating group-level network effects through data connectivity, while mature corporate commercial flows. Operating experience can help platforms under the flag gain higher liquidity revenue, and grindr's membership fees and advertising revenue are maintained annually.
More than 25% of the growth, leisure, and entertainment have added to the chess income the commercialization of games and advertising, the synergies of inter-block operations are evident, and commercialization is becoming more sophisticated. So far, the company has been listed in three rounds of equity incentives, covering senior management in each business section, for the long term.
In January 2019, a new round of equity incentives was launched, giving directors of companies, senior managers and core technical (operational) staff a total of 62 persons with 495.5 million stock options, which represents approximately the annual performance appraisal targets in Table 1: Equity options at the time of this draft incentive announcement
The net profit realized by the first company in 2019 was not less than $1.20 billion: 12 per cent/15 per cent.11 per cent; the market of the first company was not incorporated into the consolidated statement, but the return on the investment was reflected in the company ' s recurrent earnings; 1) gameark: the game business has performed steadily over the years, and we expect revenue for 2019-2021.
2) Recreational Recreation: A one-time recognition of deferred earnings in 2018 in the online chess business led to a decline in 2019, but (3) grindr: User activity and a steady increase of about 25 per cent over the years, with about 700 million yuan in 2018, while grindr is currently actively seeking to market the United States shares, and grindr will no longer be listed when the United States shares are marketed successfully.
1. The regulation of chess games has become more stringent. Chess games are more easily associated with gambling, more regulated by policy, and changes in regulatory policy may have negative effects on the company ' s chess business; 2. The regulation of the game industry has become more stringent. The game industry is highly relevant to policy regulation, more regulated by policy regulation and more regulated by policy regulation.
This may have a negative impact on the game industry as a whole; 3. The risk of impairment of goodwill.