Transfer of shares of holding subsidiary grindrlnc. Open up the follow-up.
▪ On 6 March 2020, the company issued a public announcement in which it entered into an initial offer of equity transfer with Sanvicenteacquitionllc, with a view to making available grindrinc. vicente, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Kunlón Group, and expected to generate investment returns of $3.164 billion for this transaction.
1) This equity transfer, which reflects the strong investment capacity of Kuala Lumpur and the ability to recapitalize its assets, will inject significant cash flows into listed companies, not only to promote the long-term stability of existing operations, but also to open up greater space for subsequent investment.
2) In the long term, corporate platform transformation has continued to improve, and commercialization has matured. Companies have acquired the world’s largest ligbt social platform, grindr (to be sold), social entertainment platforms for 3-6-line urban residents, and investment in global Internet brands.
Prominent platform assets, such as Opra, successfully extended from a single game business strategy to platform operations, becoming important Internet traffic portals, creating group-level network effects through data connectivity, while mature corporate business experience in commercial flow operations could help the platform to achieve higher levels.
, inter-sectional operational synergies are evident, and commercialization capacity is gradually maturing. 1, Klonwanwi (300418): one season of fast growth in game operations, enabling performance
3. Three successive rounds of equity incentives have been introduced to date to fully cover the middle and upper management of the business panels, with a new round of equity incentives that will further deepen the core workforce for stable corporate growth 2020-02-28.
II. Kuala Lumpur Van Vi (300418) High growth in chess games during the Spring Festival, contributing to steady growth in corporate performance 2020-02-02
▪ Profit forecast and investment rating: based on the return on the company's current round of investments, a quarterly forecast of performance and the future