Hostage recovery is leading to warmer performance, tax-free access to long-term space (for the first time) Shanghai Airport (60009) depth report
The company is one of the three main international hubs in the country, relying on the long triangle of cities, with high-quality passenger flows. The long triangle, which is directly served in Shanghai, is our economy, s0340513040002.
One of the most dynamic, open and innovative regions with the greatest capacity is the international route along Asia, Europe, North America, the Great Triangular Line to Europe and the West Coast of North America for about 10 hours, and the major cities in Asia within 2 to 5 hours, within a moderate distance before the outbreak.
The company’s revenue collection and performance are far ahead of that of comparable companies, with corporate performance under pressure during the epidemic, and we appreciate the resilience of the company’s performance in 2023. With the rapid recovery of domestic flights, aviation revenues are expected to rebound quickly.
Civil aviation flights resumed rapidly, with a total of 13057 domestic flights nationwide as at 25 April 2023, returning to 113.5 per cent of the same period in 2019, with a greater impact on international and regional air traffic and passenger traffic, and a rapid recovery of domestic flights and passenger flows during the quarter of the year.
On April 25, 2023, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that, as of April 29, all Chinese personnel could replace nucleic acid tests with antigen tests within 48 hours of boarding, and that airlines would stop checking pre-board inspections.
It has been demonstrated that entry requirements have been significantly simplified and that many countries are expected to ease entry on the basis of reciprocity, and that the demand for entry and exit is expected to recover further, with an increase in the number of international flights available.
In the early part of 2021, the Department signed a supplementary tax-exempt agreement in which the tax-exempt rental income of companies fell significantly and the elasticity of short-term companies was suppressed. We expect the company’s tax-exempt contract to expire in 2025 to be renegotiated.
In the long run, the new agreement will maximize the benefits of the company and the Chinese rabbit and enhance the airport rabbit tax competition. In addition, the company’s daily tax-free assets will be shared with the wider tax-free market.
On the scene, we believe that companies have traded short-term performance elasticity for longer-term growth space. The investment proposal is that the company is one of the three main hubs in the country, with a quick rebound in the number of domestic flights during the quarter leading to a rapid recovery in the company’s aeronautical operations, with the company expected to lose significantly in the first quarter of the year.
From the perspective of the current period, the golden week is approaching, and the second half of the summer season is expected to stimulate a significant increase in the number of international flights and travelers, leading to a recovery in tax-free rents for companies, and a faster recovery of corporate performance in the second half. In the long run, the company and the company will be cut off from duty-free operations both within the city and on the line.
As the central international hub in the country, the Department benefits from the rehabilitation of the attractions, the scenes are up, and the company is one of the three main international hubs in the country.
1.1 The company is one of the three main international hubs in China. It owns two international airports, namely, Shanghai Pudong and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge, which constitute the domestic and international hubs of the Yangtze Delta. In 2019, Shanghai Pu Dong International Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport
Passenger throughput accounts for 6% and 3% of passenger throughput in airports across the country, ranking second and eighth in terms of passenger throughput in airports across the country. In 2022, affected by the Shanghai blockade, the share of passenger throughput at Pudong and Rainbow Bridge airports declined to about 3%, and we believe that the impact of the 2023 epidemic will quickly reverse the impact of two passenger throughputs in Shanghai.
The company’s initial core assets in 1998 were services related to the terminal at Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport. The Shanghai Rainbow Bridge Airport was established in 1907, was expanded to a dual-use airport with the approval of the State Council in 1963, and was formally converted into a dedicated airport for civil aviation in 1971, and was officially inaugurated at Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport in 1988.
In 1999, Shanghai Pudong Airport was established, the Civil Aviation Authority and the Shanghai Municipality jointly decided to manage both sites in Shanghai. Since 2002, Rainbow Bridge Airport has been established as a domestic airport and Pudong Airport as an international airport. As the airport's focus shifted, in 2003 the company signed an agreement with the parent company Shanghai Airport Group to place assets.
Exchange of agreements between the relevant terminal-based operations at Rainbowbridge International Airport owned by the above-mentioned companies and Poo owned by the Consortium