Lungi stake depth series (I): Lungi shares (601012.sh) 26/05/2020
Global Photovoltaic Creator, leading clean energy trends Investment rating: Purchase (first) X-ray monocrystalization of core barriers, downstream opening up growth space, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating
Companies rely on teams, technology, brands to shape core competitiveness, capture the most valuable silicon rings of the photovoltaic industry chain, and expand to downstream markets. Companies have a strong voice in the industrial chain, have a power to price and reshape the industry, and have the ability to optimize the industry through strong levels of profit from silicon.
We expect to improve further. We expect the company to return 63.4/79.796.5 billion – its net profit in 2020-2022 - to capture the essence of the photovoltaic industry, and the company has built a strong moat, and the firm is deeply convinced of the nature of the industry, which has reduced the cost of electricity generation through technological progress, and has contributed significantly to the growth of the photovoltaic industry.
The company’s core competitiveness is: 1) good and stable corporate management team, accumulated a wealth of managerial experience through long-term deep-deep-deep-drawing, strong strategic thinking and efficient strategic implementation; 2) core technical barriers, firm single-crystal development path, silicone crystalline, sliced key technical links and
The core competitiveness of component conversion efficiency; 3) brand value, with companies committed to becoming the world’s most valuable photovoltaic technology company, and continued to increase brand influence in the field of single crystal silicon and components.
In the long term, photovoltaic as an efficient and clean energy source, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), is expected to be 7200gw by 2040. Companies continue to expand downstream with silicon silicon links, with components growing rapidly, while the layout of the bipv market will fully benefit from long-term growth.
Industry development. The company’s single crystal silicon market in 2019 accounted for about 35%; the company’s capacity expanded significantly in 2020, and silicon and component capacity is expected to grow by 78.6% and 114.3% by the end of 2020, while core competitiveness, such as silicon silicon-end profitability, branding and so on, will support the company’s spread of land in the light market, and the city’s occupancy rate is expected to increase continuously.
A globally competitive single-crystal carrier, leading clean energy development 1.1, from monocrystal masters to kings of the photovoltage chain.
The company was founded in 2000 as a new ally in electronic technology for semiconductor materials and semiconductor equipment, with excellent corporate genes. In 2006, the company established a strategic positioning for solar monosilica producers, with a sustained focus on single crystal silicon technology breakthroughs and cost controls. In 2015, the company grew into the largest single crystal silicon film production in the world.
By taking control of key components of the photovoltaic industry, companies are expanding downstream, driving the entire industry chain, and are now the world’s largest producer of single crystallized photovoltaic products, producing, selling and serving as one. In 2019, companies achieved 8.9gw in single crystal components, ranking first in domestic exports.
By 2015, companies were focusing on single crystal silicon products, with a share of more than 80%. In the second half of 2014, the company’s business unit gradually expanded down the photovoltaic industry chain, and the battery-assembly business share began to rise rapidly.
In 2019, the component generated revenues of $14.57 billion, or 44.3 per cent of the total revenue of the Department, while the company ' s profitability rebounded and the Māori rate level recovered to historical highs. Photovolt as an efficient and clean energy development space was vast, and the International Energy Agency was expected to have a cumulative capacity by 2040.
7200gw, a company that relies on team, technology, brand to shape its core competitiveness and is expected to benefit fully from the development of its industry. 1.2. Equity mechanisms are good, management grows with its employees.
Mr. Li Jin Guo-Go and Mr. Li Chun An, who together hold 30.1% of the company’s shares. Li Jin Guo, and his current chairman, Chung Bao-shin, are students of Lanzhou University and have been plowing in the luminous industrial chain for many years.
To date, the company has implemented a two-phase equity incentive scheme, of which 489 were awarded for the first time and 9.272 million, representing the company's total stock.
1.72% of Ben; second actual award of 1202 persons, amounting to 12,577,000 shares, which accounted for 1.3% of the total stock of the company at the time, good core competitiveness led to sustained growth in the company's performance.
After a macroeconomic recovery in 2010 and a recovery in corporate roe levels, Europe’s debt crisis led to a further slowdown in demand, rapid growth and lower costs in the photovoltaic industry in the country after the company was listed each year, and a continuous rise in roe. The rapid rise in net sales interest rates was a central factor in safeguarding corporate returns.
The rising interest rates have ensured a higher level of company roe, with net interest rates still at their highest level since 2011 in the first quarter of 2020, under the impact of the epidemic. The company’s leading position in the silicon chain is highlighted, bargaining power is prominent, and the silicon chain’s advantages expands to downstream markets, while the company continues to decline in life through technology research and development.
The company’s performance has continued to grow since it was listed. With its core competitiveness, the company’s profitability passed through the industry cycle, 2013-1) in 2013-2014, the global light-voltage machine recovered in the wake of the financial and European debt crises.
In the event of the bankruptcy of the head of Chandler, the company accelerated the opening of its overseas market, with overseas earnings exceeding domestic revenues for the second consecutive year and rising to over 60 per cent of the company ' s total revenue; (2) In 2015, the company began to lay down its light downstream products, and the battery-assembly business was working well and the component industry was working well.
(c) In 2016-2017, the price gap between single crystal silicon and multi-crystal silicon silicon increased faster, with a marked rise in single crystal city occupancy, and the company ' s monocrystal strategy benefited significantly and performance continued to grow faster;
4) In 2018, the three ministries jointly issued the Circular on Matters Relating to Photovoltaic Power Generation in 2018, which was affected by the load restrictions and the fall of photovoltaic subsidies, and which for the first time since the company ' s business income was listed, decreased in the same year; 5) in 2019, the level of operating income in the context of the overall warming of the domestic industry and the concentration of the foreign photovoltaic market
Rapidly lifted and re-emerged to higher heights than in 2018, while the technological advantages of corporate crystallization and silicone cutting were evident, cost controls were effective and company profits were expected to grow higher than expected. The cost rate for the company remained stable over time, and in recent years it had remained largely stable at the level of 8-9%.
Inter-cost rates have fallen to their lowest level since the company was listed, with an overall downward trend in management and financial cost rates, except for the initial expansion of sales costs due to the downstream market expansion in the light-volatile industry, where the cost of components had increased in handling charges, quality assurance payments, and management and financial costs.
Figure 8: Overall growth since gross and net profit rates were marketed, strengthening the leadership of the industry at the low end of the cycle and continuing to drive clean energy development. In 2019, Lungi shares and middle-ring silicon oligopoly patterns were further strengthened, with companies achieving business income of $32.9 billion, representing an increase of 49.6 per cent compared to 49.6 per cent.
The maternal net gain was $5.28 billion, an increase of 106.4 per cent over the same period, and the indicators such as the single-quarter net return rate, the Maori rate, and the roe all recovered steadily and remained stable after the low of 2018q3. Companies remained stable during the epidemic, and after the epidemic, they were expected to strengthen their leadership position further on the basis of their advantage.
Figure 9: The net return profits have been rising since 2018q3
The founder of the company, Lee Zheng, graduated in 1990 from the semiconductor material programme of the Faculty of Physics of the University of Lanzhou, where he worked on the single-crystal silicon rods at the State 741 plant. The company then started the Shanxi Hivoda electronic fittings plant (for semiconductor devices, secondary tubes, distillation tubes), which was run by Shanxi.
Lungi (research and development in the field of magnetic applications); in 1996-1997, Li Jin Guo State laid down the single crystallized base of the Xian University of Technology; in 1997, Xian University of Technology and Space 771 jointly established the Xian Jing Jing Geong Electronics Technology Company, which was responsible for the preparation and management of the project; and in 2000, the company ' s predecessor, Xi'an New Alliance for Electronics and Technology Ltd., was founded.
In 2003, the founder, Lee Zheng, learned from the early e-commerce experience of the New Alliance, introduced students from Lanzhou University to management. In the current management structure of Lungi shares, directors
Longjong Bao Shen, High Manager Lee Li Li, Zhang Yang, among others, were students of Li Zhengang's studies at the University of Lanzhou. Since then, the photovoltaic industry has been going through many cycles, while good and stable management teams and sound decision-making mechanisms are firm, and the founders are deeply aware of the nature of the industry, which has reduced the cost of electricity generation through technological progress, and have led to industrial development.
In choosing the route, Li Zhengo led a team that studied the industry carefully. First, compared to the line of crystal silicon and the line of thin membrane, the route of crystal silicon has the advantages of low investment costs, stability of the industrial base, and prospects of industrialization. Second, compared to the single multi-crystal process, high production and technology thresholds of single crystals, and lower electricity costs associated with high conversion efficiency.
It also analyses whether the raw material used should be physical purity or the Siemens method, comparing the trend in the polyoptic cells (cpv) with the crystalline silicon cells, and finally confirming the technical course of single crystal-efficient batteries. The management is proactive, cutting through the industrial chain, and safeguarding the company’s long-term development.
In the meantime, in order to control the technical standards of the industrial chain, companies continue to expand downstream and integrate into the photovoltaic industry chain. Currently, the company component products have been recognized, and the Bloomberg New Energy Finance (bnef) “Components at the global level” and published at pv-tech.
In the first quarter of 2020, component manufacturers with a financingable pvmoduletechaa rating became the only component manufacturer with the highest rating globally. 2.2. Capturing the most valuable link in the industrial chain through core technological advantages
The company focused on increasing the production value of monocrystal silicon through technology. The number of R & D in the company rose from 205 in 2013 to 630 in 2019, and the share of R & D inputs in revenue is at the forefront of the industry.
Optimizing single-cooking production and electricity consumption is at the forefront of the industry: in the slices, companies have taken the lead in the industry in replacing traditional slurry cutting techniques and promoting national production of cutting equipment and diamond cutting lines, resulting in a rapid reduction in the cost of slices and a significant increase in production efficiency. The company led the development of silicon tablets.
In 2012, the cost of the company ' s monocrysil silicon non-silicon was around $5.12: according to our calculations, the cost of nonsilicon in 2019 was reduced to 0.74 in 2019, a decline compared to 2012.
The company reduced the cost of silicon tablets by 29% in 2019 to 1.86 yuan per plate in comparison with the same year. The main ways in which the company has been able to reduce the cost of silicon tablets in 2019 are through the promotion of advanced processes, such as fine-lined applications, thin slices and cuttings: by increasing the rate of finished and good products in the production chain; by integrating the production supply chain and by upgrading the planning and control capabilities; and by increasing the rate of substitution for the national production of assistive materials.
The monocrystal silicon manufacturing process consists mainly of long crystals and slices. The monocrystal silicon long crystal chain currently consists mainly of straight lafa (cz) and regional molten (fz) processes, which are technologically mature and fast to crystallize, resulting in low yields that produce large diameter silicon sticks, which are the dominant technology routes for solar photovoltaic monosilicon silicon silicon.
The product is purer, less impurities and less defective, but it is more difficult to produce large-size single crystal silicon rods, which are more expensive and should be used in the powerware field. The straight-line process is to melt silicon into a single transistor, forming silicon sticks through processes such as crystallization, shoulder and shoulder, straight-angle growth and closing, and then cutting silicon rods and forming silicon silicon chips.
From the long crystal link, the company has now completed a single crystal high-speed growth continuous (ccz) technology layout. The rcz technique, which can only be pulled by the next crystal bar after completion of a crystal bar, remains a bottleneck in efficiency improvements.
Production costs are reduced by more than 10%. Products produced through ccz technology have uniform axle resistance rates, oxygen levels, more suitable for the p-perc battery process and more efficient n-cell process, and are the most effective crystallization technology for silicon silicon silicon.
And from the slices, increasing the rate of production by fine wired gold lines and silicon thinners would further reduce the cost of the slices. According to our calculations, multi-crystal silicon accounts for 50-60% of silicon operating costs, and a 20% drop in silicon costs can support 10-12% of the price reduction space for silicon links.
Companies promote national production of equipment and materials to further reduce production costs. When purchasing equipment, companies combine the technology leadership of individual manufacturers to split the modules together with custom requirements and technical improvements, and sign exclusive confidentiality agreements. Thus, companies often have better equipment to adapt to new technologies.
At present, among the suppliers of equipment and materials produced by companies, domestic suppliers have largely covered the production chain. 2.3. Branding power is the company’s long-term development of the moat.
The company is committed to becoming the world's most valuable solar technology company, relying on the advantage of a whole industry chain from the end of silicon materials to the downstream components, to channel the vast amount of the research and development that it has accumulated into the production chain, guaranteeing the efficiency, reliability and profitability of the company's products, and the “longi” brand in the global single crystalline silicon.
As technological advances in the industry accelerate and competition in the market increase, it becomes clear that the “Mathea effect” of the industry continues to divide the market landscape. And with the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry, globalization is taking place.
The importance of brand influence and reputation for business development continues to grow. Companies continue to build brand power, and in the "Assessment of China's Brand Values 2020" the value of their brands rose from 250 million yuan in 2015 to 14,140 million yuan in 2020, with brand values growing almost 57 times.
The company was the only photo-voltaic manufacturing company among the first manufacturing champions of the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and the new standards for silicon film led by the company were incorporated into the Semi standard and distributed globally, and the component products were certified by leading institutions such as tüv, ul, cqc, jet-pvm, sii, etc.
Bnef's Global Component Suppliers (tier 1). At the same time, in the Pvbl 2019 PVL, the company was awarded a number of prizes, such as the Global Top Photovolt, and the Value of Power Station Investors. With good branding and quality, the company has developed a good understanding within the industry.
The reputation and reputation of many customers, both within and outside the country, have gained recognition and trust. 2.4, Core Barriers and Cash Flows, and the ability to finance, are resonant, and are showing a circular effect. Corporate teams, technology, brand values were concentrated in 2019, and cash flows increased significantly.
Market demand has grown rapidly, and the sales of the company’s main product, monocrystal silicon and component, have increased significantly on the same basis. Benefit from technological upgrading, the company’s production costs have continued to decline, and the Māori rate has increased at the same rate. The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations in 2019 reached $8.16 billion, a significant increase of 595.3 per cent in the same year, while the cash on the books has increased to $19.34 billion.
Well-healthy finance makes companies a global leader in financing. In the 2020q2pvmoduletech financing rating report, companies again received the top rating of 2020q2 and the single global supplier of the aaaa level component was honoured to achieve the highest rating in the current rating report and the highest level possible for global photovoltaic component suppliers.
Please. Pvmoduletech is an authoritative analytical tool within the industry that combines an enterprise ' s manufacturing capacity and a financial health rating to derive an investment risk (or affordability) rating for all photovoltaic component manufacturers. The company took the lead in aaa rating in the first quarter of 2020 after entering the aa rating ladder in 2017.
Health and wellness are the main factors behind companies’ aaa rating, and over the past few years, companies have maintained a long-term asset-liability ratio of around 50% and a leading position within the industry. Adequate cash flows, good financing capacity, are a guarantee of the company’s continued healthy development:
1) In the silicon manufacturing sector, substantial R & D investment is a prerequisite for improving the firm’s core competitiveness. Businesses need to increase the production rate of silicon monocrystals through sustained R & D inputs, reduce the loss of silicone cut-off by fine-lined silicon, increase single production and reduce single consumption through thin slenderization, and improve the life expectancy of small children, reduce carbon, oxygen and so on through R & D.
The impurities of metals and other impurities, thereby increasing the efficiency of photovoltaic conversion and reducing the decline rate. (2) At the same time, rapid technological rotation requires a continuous upgrading of production capacity.
It is vital. Thus, if capital spending on new technology lines lags behind the market, it is likely to be phased out in the wave of technology. 3) With demand at the end of the stream, sufficient and efficient capacity is expected to increase market shares and spread fixed costs.
In 2019, the wind-voltage market was released overseas, with a similar increase of 80% in the volume of new photovoltaics and a rapid increase in the demand for high-efficiency capacity, and the rapid growth in the volume of outgoing goods will also cover the company’s previous R & D expenditure. Companies accelerated the expansion of single crystal silicon production capacity and ensured the supply of efficient products. By the end of 2019, the company’s single crystal silicone production had reached 42gw, with a 77.8% increase in production over the same period;
The production of monocrystal components reached 14gw, with a 24.1% increase in production compared to the previous year, exceeding the expected completion of the production planning targets. The company’s monocrystal production was further advanced in size, consolidating its market advantage. The company’s silicon silicon production target was expanded to 75gw in 2020, with components expanded to 30gw, an increase of 78.6% and 114.3%, respectively.
In October 2019, in order to facilitate the development of product monocrystalization and battery-efficient technologies, the company planned to issue up to $5 billion in convertable corporate bonds to raise “Silica bar 15 gw per year in Sinakawa, Silicon Project” and “Silica battery 5 gw per year in the new city of Xi An Xin Xin Xin Xi” respectively.
The company acquired 85 per cent of Zhejiang Leaf shares in October of the year, and in 2015 set up Leaf Light to study downstream components.
On February 24, 2020, the company announced its intention to cash in Ningbojijia, a new energy technology company that now owns a photovoltaic battery in Viet Nam with an annual capacity of more than 3gw and a photovoltaic component of more than 7gw. The company further seeks to expand its overseas capacity.
In terms of capacity planning, components such as crystals, crystals, energy, etc., are relatively balanced in the production layout of the chain (silicon, battery, components) and the company is producing.
In planning, the focus is on developing core silicon tablets with technical barriers and components that can be directed directly downstream. The public knows that the market is growing, that the pace of expansion is leading the market, and that in 2020 the company’s silicon production capacity grew by close to 80%, far beyond other leading firms, such as Crystal Australasia, Crystal Energy.
The company’s capacity has grown rapidly since its platform was established in 2015 as a photovoltaic component. In the first quarter of 2019 and 2020, the company maintained a rapid rate of expansion and accelerated the pace of production, some of the projects.
Pre-production, single crystal batteries, single crystal silicon bars/silicon tablets, single crystal component expansions amount to 14.75gw, 47gw, 25gw, respectively. The company issued an announcement on 2 January 2020, signing a 20gw single silicon investment agreement for Yunnan Chu, which continues to increase monocrystal market ownership.
The cost-control performance was significant, and the Māori rate continued to grow. The Māori rate for company components reached 25.2 per cent in 2019, an increase of 1.4 ptt compared to 2019, and the vertical and horizontal advantage of Māori reflects the company’s advantage of cutting through the industrial chain as a silicon leader. In 2019, the cost of company crystalline nonsilicon decreased by 25.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the cost of slices nonsilicon fell on a year-on-year basis.
26.5% of silicon chain costs continue to decline, allowing components to fully enjoy the profits of the upstream chain.Fig. 25: The unit value of the long-term component is similar (in yuan/w) The company relies on its strong R & D strength to continuously increase its production and the production power of the R & D component. As of 2019
At the bottom, the company ' s single crystalline double-sided perc battery conversion efficiency has reached the highest level of 24.06 per cent, breaking the industry ' s perception of 24 per cent perc battery efficiency evaluation, 22.38 per cent battery assembly conversion efficiency, continuous updating of world record, and industry leadership in perc battery and assembly technology.
The company expects to release the p monocrystal he-mo5 series by the end of May 2020. The product has been developed over a period of six months, and the following needs have been driven and a platform has been agreed with industry counterparts to be installed in April 2020. The company has configured the new 10gw capacity (cells, batteries) for the he-mo5 industry.
It is planned to achieve mass production in August. The he-mo5 power is about 530 w, while the photovoltaic conversion efficiency is over 21%. The he-mo5 takes into account all reasonable border conditions, including ease of installation, fixation, tracking of sub-loads, transport economy, compatibility with reversors, etc., and promotes industry standardization.
In 2019, the company continued to increase its investment in the pilot line project in bipv, with a total investment budget of $134 million. In the Lungi Stock Exchange 2019, it was suggested that the new business bipv had completed basic R & D and product typologies, and that it was expected to launch the product in 2020 and achieve volume production.
The company expands new areas. The new Bipv appliance of Lungi’s new energy source, which is about to emerge, uses semi-solar, single crystals, 360 degrees straight locks, seamless combs, etc., to effectively upgrade its heat protection, wind protection, fire protection against impact, light quantification, etc., and expands its useful life and leads to new trends in the development of the bipv.
Bipv product quality has been recognized in several ways. In 2019, the Lungi joint-stocking company, Lungi, was the first to acquire a product certificate for the first building block, Bipv product, which was successfully certified as tüv Rhineiec 612115 and iec61730, and the company became the first to acquire a product in the country.
Photovoltaic enterprises certified by product type bipvtüvRhine.3 The long-term growth space in the photovoltaic industry is wide, the short-term recovery is clear 3.1, the economy is strong, and the price parity era is approaching
The world price of the winning price of electricity has continued to decline globally, and economics have emerged. In 2019, the world’s lowest gross-voltage mark was 1.644 cents/kwh for grapes and, as of February 2020, nine countries had a median price of less than 4.0 cents/kwh, of which China’s lowest bid was 3.67 cents/kwh. Australia, Chile, Egypt,
In France, India, Israel, Italy, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, and the United Arab Emirates, among others, photovoltaic power has become the most competitive electricity product. In many countries and regions, the cost of photovoltaic power is already lower than that of electricity.
In May 2019, the National Commission for Development and Energy published a list of the first photovoltaic Internet access projects of 2019, of which 168 projects combined 14.8gw, require 4.6gw to be connected by 2019, and 9.1gw to be connected by 2020.
In the broader context of falling subsidies in the industry, the reliance on policy subsidies in the photovoltaic sector will become less and less likely to lead to endogenous growth and to a real price-neutral era. The rate of return on photovoltaic Internet access projects is expected to increase gradually.
Building on our own technological advances to drive industry growth and achieve an internal rate of return in the face of declining electricity costs, irr shows the value of investment in photovoltaic power generation. Under different income and cost assumptions, we have constructed a calculation model based on 200mw-loaded photovoltaic parities project, irr, and displayed it through sensitivity testing.
An internal rate of return on photovoltaic Internet access projects, depending on the circumstances. The measurements show that the rate of return on photovoltaic Internet access projects is expected to increase gradually as the unit investment continues to decline. If the number of hours used is assumed to be 1400 hours a year, the price of electricity on the Internet is 0.36 yuan/kwh, the rate of return is expected if the unit investment falls to 3.6 yuan/w.
With the decline in electricity costs and the advent of an era of parity, the global penetration rate of photovoltaic power has continued to rise, with market space expanding over the long term. As a renewable source of energy, the penetration rate has increased.
Intra-PV penetration was only 2.2 per cent, and in 2019 our photovoltaic penetration increased to 3.1 per cent. At the current level of less than 3 per cent of the world ' s average photovoltaic penetration, the future growth of photovoltaic power will be broad enough to support the long-term growth in the size of the additional installed units during the Year and the market space for photovoltaic power generation.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) expects the photovoltaic sector to play an important role in the global energy share. According to the International Energy Agency's 2019 Sustainable Development Programme, renewable energy will account for two thirds of the global electricity supply by 2040. Solar photovoltaic and wind energy will provide 40% of the energy, of which the cumulative global photovoltaic load is expected to be reached.
With the introduction of the New Deal of 531 in 2018, the price of the photovoltaic industrial chain has been rapidly adjusted downwards, and the economy has highlighted the fact that the demand for overseas demand in the second half of 2018 is exceeding expectations.
cpia data, 62gw installed overseas in 2018, an increase of 25.7% in the same year; in 2019, the performance of overseas markets remained bright, with an increase of 45.5% in the volume of new installed machines of about 90gw, compared to the 45.5% of the same year. With the benefits of the prosperity of overseas photovoltaic markets, domestic exports of photovoltaic components have increased over the years, and domestic firms have fully benefited from the high luminousness of overseas glimmers.
Although the short-term epidemic affected overseas sales, the export of components in April was expected to be higher. According to customs data, in April 2020 the domestic export of photovoltaic components was 5.46gw, a decrease of 5 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 27.1 per cent decline in the ring ratio. The value of exports amounted to $1.470 billion, at an average price of $0.29/watt.
In general, export data are better than expected, and growth in overseas demand is expected to recover in the future as the epidemic eases and component prices are further adjusted. Global photovoltaic demand is expected to rise across the board in the future, with global photovoltaic capacity expected to reach 2020.
135gw. Global demand for photovoltaics has increased as the cost of photovoltaic power has been reduced. In 2018, more than 16 markets were added to more than 1gw throughout the year, with the exception of China, the United States, India, Japan, Australia, Germany, Mexico, the Netherlands, Brazil, South Korea, Pakistan, etc., Viet Nam, Spain, Uk, 2019
Five markets – Lang, Emirates, and Taiwan – have joined the new 1gw-loading emerging markets. Emerging market developments have further boosted the growth of global photovoltaics.
Right, where domestic demand is 40gw, which is 33% higher in the same year, and overseas demand is 95gw, which is 5.6% higher in the same year, 3.3 and 2020 policy nodes are expected to accelerate, and 2020 is expected to be a year of upwards in the domestic landscape. In 2019, photovoltaic global capacity was 120gw:
Of these, foreign market demand erupted, with additional installed capacity of 90gw (+45.5%); however, the domestic market was not as large as expected, with 30.1gw (-32%) installed throughout the year, with 2019q4 installed at 47% of the year as a result of intensive networking of projects up to node 1230.
In the long term, as the share of flat-cost Internet projects increases, the photovoltaic sector will grow, first of all, as a light-voltage construction programme lands to protect the health of the photovoltaic sector. On 10 March 2020, the National Energy Agency officially issued a circular on matters related to the construction of the 2020 wind-voltaic power project, identifying new 2020 projects.
The total amount of subsidies for the PV project is 1.5 billion yuan, of which 500 million yuan is for household photovoltaics and 1 billion yuan for competitive bidding projects. The management of the PV project has continued the policy line of 2019, actively promoting the PV project, fully implementing the conditions for the delivery of electricity and safeguarding policy continuity.
Second, the policy node was advanced and the project was organized in sufficient time to allow for a rational allocation of resources. In 2019, the subsidy policy did not arrive until May, and the first bid was announced only in July, owing to a change in political thinking.
The short lead time for the project, the delay in the overall time frame of the project and the concentration of some of the requirements in the fourth quarter have affected the total number of new aircraft installed throughout the year. The 2020 policy node is ahead of 10 March, two and a half months ahead of 28 May 2019. At the same time, the Circular takes full account of the impact of the epidemic and will be launched in 2020.
The deadline for submission of bid and bid items in the request for comments was extended by one and a half months, the deadline for submission of bid items was extended to the end of April, and the deadline for declaration of demurrage items was extended to 15 June.
RMB, of which RMB 1 billion is for competitive bidding projects. According to the State Energy Agency ' s " Overall state subsidy competition for photovoltaic power projects 2019 " , the PHP in the resource area I/ii/resource area iii 2019 is subsidized at a level of 0.066/0.038/0.075/kwh, respectively, for full Internet distribution in the three types of resource areas.
The average subsidy strength is 0.0624/0.05558/0.08446/kwh. yuan/w and $3.84/w. With the development of technology and lower price group prices, the PV system has now fallen to around 0.3-0.4 in 2020. At the same rate of return, we measure the average subsidy for the 2020 bid.
A decrease of $0.015-0.025/kwh. Assuming that the distribution of the various photovoltaic projects in the three subsidised resource areas is consistent with the 2019 ratio, it is estimated that the size of the new reloading of the depreciable 2020 project is approximately 20.5gw. Considering the conditions of electricity consumption, the nature of the land, etc., it is assumed that a 60-85% loading rate will be achieved in 2020, i.e., competitively bid.
We expect to achieve 35.8-48.9gw in size throughout 2020, of which: 500 million yuan of the 1.5 billion yuan worth of photovoltaic subsidies in 2020 will be used for household photovoltaics. According to the latest consultation draft of the National Development and Revision Commission's Prices Division, the price of domestic photovoltaic subsidies in 2020 is tentatively set at 0.08/kwh, taking into account one.
A monthly buffer period corresponding to 6-7gw installed in new households; In 2019, owing to the late introduction of the policy, some of the competing projects were not connected to the network, with a competitive inventory of about 11.4gw, \triangleright
In the long term, the penetration rate of domestic photovoltaic power will continue to rise. With economic development, the country's total electricity output has been growing more steadily in recent years, with growth at the centre of around 6%. At the same time, with the support of national policies and the economic nature of the photovoltaic industry itself, the penetration rate of photovoltaic power will continue to rise.
In three cases, by 2050, it is expected to reach 722 gw/848gw/975gw, respectively.
Figure 34: Continued increase in the penetration rate of our photovoltaic power generation, Figure 35: Rapid growth of our additional installed capacity over the next 30 years.
"PV+S" is the best business model for the future development of large photovoltaic power stations. Early-established photovoltaic power stations can be installed by adding storage energy devices, i.e., storage energy transformers, storage power cells, in existing systems, supplemented by software such as management systems.
The storage capacity would require 20mw storage cells for a period of two hours, and if the storage capacity was 90 per cent effective once a day, the daily amount of electricity stored would be 36mwh, which would be equivalent to 0.36 more hours per day after the maximum price of electricity was re-connected, and the lowest cost of Internet access would be in the Xinjiang area for coal-fired poles (0.25 yuan).
/kwh) calculates an additional 131.4 hours per year of revenue of about 3.3 million yuan. “PV+ storage energy” increases efficiency in the use of distributed photovoltaics. There are usually several applications in distribution: 1) volatility, intermittentity, unpredictability; 2) power generation time is concentrated between 9-15 points per day.
Whether it's “full access” or “sponsible self-service, residual access”, on the side of the transmission, under the smooth current output function of the storage device, it can solve the problem of grid access by distributed photovoltaics. Moreover, storage offers the possibility of power use at the wrong time, or even even further, for the future.
With the advent of a flat-priced photovoltaic age, the diversity, convenience and innovative features of the supply of photovoltaic products have become increasingly apparent, combining buildings with large grid-connected photovoltaic power stations and distribution patterns.
Bipv has a very promising future. The energy model will change dramatically in the future, and the power movement and trade will be smarter and more responsive to different electricity needs. According to statistics from institutions such as the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development, the country’s existing workers, including commercial roofs (including public buildings), can have a total photovoltaic area of about 6 billion square metres and a surface of about 1.6 billion square metres.
A total of nearly 8 billion square metres, with a total of 1100 gw installed if the bipv is fully completed. And models such as light storage polymers, light storage, sharing and “virtual power plants” will fully reshape the energy patterns of households and business institutions.
We split the shares of Lungi between 2020 and 2022 and projected their income, with the core assumption that the component ' s operational capacity will be released and will continue to grow at a high rate. In 2019, the company announced that the component ' s capacity would reach 30gw by the end of 2020, the average value of the company ' s component product for the whole year 2020 was $1.6/w (including taxes), and the average annual price for the year 2021 was at the end of 2020.
In 2019, the company announced that it could produce 75gw silicon by the end of 2020. We expect the company to deliver 76.3, 89.8 and 10.64 billion silicon tablets in 2020-2022, respectively.
2.7 yuan per plate (including taxes). In 2021, we believe that, as global photovoltaic demand will grow resiliently, and as the pattern of competition in the industry improves, the annual average price will fluctuate steadily at the end of 2020 levels, and we expect the average sales of silicon tablets to be $2.69 per piece (including taxes) and 2.66 per piece (including taxes) for the company in 2021-2022, respectively.
With regard to battery film operations, the company currently produces high-efficiency perc capacity, which in the future will mainly meet the production needs of its own components while combining some of its production with off-site production; with regard to power station operations, the company plans to reduce the size of its own power plants and increase the number of its power station ecc services; and with regard to the company ' s phase-out of its power stations on the bipv.
We believe that companies, as pioneers in the photovoltaic industry, with a focus on breaking through silicon tablets with technical barriers and components for downstream markets; that they are now global producers of photovoltaics, and that further technological innovations and market innovations will be applied in the future to drive clean energy development; and that the opening of future photovoltaic parities and further increases in monocrystal markets, public.
The division is expected to benefit first as a leader in the field of monocrystal silicon and components. The pe corresponds to 18.5/14.7/12.1x. We have chosen to value the company as a comparable company in 2020-2022, on average.
The development of new technologies has become more predictable, the epidemic has caused demand to fall short of expectations and increased competition in photovoltaic markets.