Mid 2022: High-performance, national product, eda, 25/08/2022, research assistant Wang Shijie
Incidents: On August 24, 2022, China issued its mid-year 2022 report on 9th day. In the first half of 2022, the company achieved $266 million in revenue, an increase of 46 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $40 million, an increase of 105 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-mortality was deducted from the mother was $0.03 million, an increase of 130 per cent in the same year. Performance exceeded market forecasts.
▪ Rapid growth in full-flow and crystal-crystal manufacturing eda tools: operationally, in the first half of 2022, the full-flowed eda tool system achieved $178 million, an increase of 71 per cent over the same year, mainly because the company is the only home country that can provide a full-flow eda tool system for analog circuit design
Millions of yuan, a 36% increase in the same year. The crystal-made eda tool generated 33 million yuan, a 86% increase in the same year, with the company-based crystal-made eda tool gradually gaining approval.
By 30 June 2022, the company had 522 R & D technicians, or 76% of the company’s workforce. The eda industry was a technology-intensive industry, with companies constantly increasing their R & D inputs, making more products available, completing them without doing them, and the company’s products were continuously recognized by clients as of 2022.
Designing and manufacturing the entire process coverage of the eda tools in various fields. The process of nationalization of the eda industry is expected to accelerate, with the country’s production leader leading to a wave of national production: eda, as the pearl on the semiconductor crown, is an important entry point for overseas sanctions against China’s semiconductor industry.
On August 13, 2022, the U.S. Department of Commerce officially announced the final export control of the eda software necessary to design the gaafet (a full-field transistor) integrated circuit. In the context of overseas sanctions, eda’s national production is expected to accelerate.
China’s nine days as the only national team in the country’s industry are expected to grow rapidly in a context of nationalization, leading to a wave of national production.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: eda is a full-cycle industrial software for chip design, and whether or not sanctions abroad will directly affect the normal development of China’s semiconductor industry. We expect that, in the context of China’s technology decoupling, eda’s national production process will accelerate, with China’s nine days as a national product.
Enda leads, and is expected to accelerate as the product matrix is gradually complete. On this basis, we have a securities investment advisory committee in place with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) for the top three financial forecasts for the nine days of the year.