Over-expected performance in the first half of the year, over-expected performance in the first half of the year as a catalyst for the accelerated development of national production, and over-expected performance in the first half of the year as a result of the optimization of the Māori rate to accelerate the release of profits (millions of shares)
On the receiving end, the 2022h1 company achieved an increase of $266 million, or 46.13 per cent, and in the second quarter alone, $169 million, or 43 per cent, respectively.
Analytic tools (empyreanpoal); 2) Accelerator of national production, with company-eda technological strength in comparison with firm prices at 300 depths The country's top priority is to have ahead-of-the-curve eda tools such as simulation of the entire process and digital dot tools, which are the first to benefit.
At the profit end, 2022h1 realized a net return to the mother of 40 million yuan, a 105 per cent increase in the same year, and only two quarters of the net return to the mother of 300 million yuan, a 124 per cent increase in the same year.
RMB 32 million, taking into account current non-recurrent gains and losses of approximately RMB 33 million; 2) Technology development services reduced by 89 per cent sales of eda, an increase of 11.6 pct in the same year, resulting in an optimal Māori rate of 91.6 per cent, an increase of 6.9 pct in the same period; 3) a decrease of 4.4 pct in the cost of sales.
• Sustained investment in R & D, with a technological breakthrough in analogue numbers. R & D continued to go into R & D with a 70% increase in R & D cost of 6.2 pct compared to the same year. As of 2022h1, the company had 522 R & D technicians, 76% of the total workforce.
47 PhDs, 307 Masters, and more than 68% of the total number of research and development staff. From a product perspective, 2022H1 has been able to efficiently provide accurate, comprehensive and reliable data for em/ir analysis at the transistor level at the stage of post-promotion analysis.
And a variety of em/ir inspection reports are widely used to simulate the power reliability analysis of chips, such as car chips, industrial control chips, etc. The importance of the modular library feature extraction tool to support the process-based eda industrial chain is highlighted, and national production substitution is accelerating.
In the first half of 2022, neo-technology (synopsys) was repeatedly investigated by the United States Government to determine whether it had actually restricted the export of key technologies; and the eda restriction was further expanded to include 1.
14nm, gaa new process-related eda software is also banned. In 2021, 80% of the country's companies were still in depth.
In 2020, the company accounted for about 6% of the country’s eda market, and it ranked first among the local eda firms. According to the Saidi think tank, the total sales in the eda domestic market in 2019 and 2020 were 460 million yuan and 760 million yuan, respectively.
In bits, the share has remained at more than 50%. We believe that the company is home-grown, while at the same time it is the only company in the country that has a full simulator process and has made a breakthrough in the digital circuit, that is expected to take the lead against the background of a national replacement acceleration, and that the chip design and the manufacturing industry will be in depth.
To create the eda product ecology and expand technological and product advantages, 1) research and development breakthroughs are less than expected; 2) policy support is less than expected; 3) product delivery is less than expected; and the present report is produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are publicly available from the market, and I write these letters.
There is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.