Mid-22: High demand for alternatives to national production, high-growth process and crystal-based manufacturing of eda, computer/software development.
The company’s performance continued to grow at a high rate, with the full process and manufacturing of the eda tool booming fast. In 2022, the company grew 43.04% in comparison with the same year, and achieved a net return profit of $30 billion, or 124.47% in comparison with the same year.
The total flow-eda tool system (the simulation and panel-typeed eda tool) achieved a revenue of 178 million yuan, an increase of 70.97 per cent, the digital circuit design ed tool generated a revenue of 27 million yuan, an increase of 36.12 per cent, and the crystal-made eda tool generated a revenue of 33 million yuan, an increase of 86.33 per cent.
eda locates the tools that are needed upstream, and the business model is good. eda locates the tools that are needed upstream of the integrated circuit, running through the design, manufacturing, sealing, etc. eda is a large, algorithm-intensive industrial software system with a very high threshold. eda is currently very low in national production, with three major overseas markets taking over.
Over 80%. eda is one of the core neck links in the current semiconductor industry, where national production is properly replaced. The business model of eda software is dominated by regular software authorization fees, so eda collects more consistently and significantly smooths industrial cycle fluctuations.
China’s design industry, in terms of scale and high-end, will boost demand for the right version of the eda tool. China’s chip design company has grown rapidly, rapidly, and has grown by 42% over 21 years of selling the billions of Chinese chip designs over the same period last year.
The demand for software tools is growing rapidly. The eda industry has extremely high barriers to entry, and, against the backdrop of policy guidance and collaborative research and development by large clients, the national production eda has a unique development opportunity.
The share has been maintained at more than 50% over the years. The company is responsible for achieving our home-grown eda development, building on the full-flowed eda system, and working to create a number of core competitive and market-sized companies with high growth rates, with a rapid outbreak of process and manufacturing eda tools.
105.02%, consistent with the previous forecast. q2 alone, the company achieved $169 million in revenue, an increase of 43.04%, a net return to the mother of $30 million, an increase of 124.47%. By business block, the company’s full-flow and crystal-crystal-type eda tools have been growing rapidly, of which the full-flowed eda tool system (mode) has been developed.
The proposed and panel-based eda tool, 22h1, generated 178 million yuan, an increase of 70.97 per cent in the same year, the digital circuitry tool, generated 27 million yuan, an increase of 36.12 per cent and the crystal-made eda tool, a gain of 0.33 billion yuan, an increase of 86.33 per cent in the same year.
1. Full-processeda tool system: The company ' s full-processeda tool system consists mainly of the simulation of the entire process worker tool and panelededa full-process tool, in particular the simulation of the eda tool, which is currently entering a fast-disbursement period, with a projected rapid growth of the entire processeda business over 22-24 years and a projected growth rate over the next three years
2. Digital circuit design eda tool: the company ' s current multi-digital circuit design ed tool is being developed rapidly, the tools are expected to be phased in over the next few years, and the company ' s digital circuit design eda tool is expected to be protected for 22-24 years.
In the broader context of expansion, it is expected to lead to a rapid release of the home-grown crystal circle manufacturing eda tool. Corporate eda software is expected to be standardized in 22-24, with a Māori rate of 100 per cent and a Māori rate of 30 per cent and 28 per cent for technology development services and other operations in the next three years.
The largest and most well-developed eda flagship company, with a leading premium, gives 60x market gain, corresponding to a market value of 65.8 billion yuan, is covered for the first time, and gives a "buy-in" rating.The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and by reasoning judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author