Follow-up evaluation: the border of the client of the aid product was raised on 09/04/04/04/04.
Keywords: #New products, new technologies, new clients #Corporate productivity conferences, and several updates at the strategic and product levels are better than expected. 1) Strategy: wps365 office new productivity platform = wpsoffice+wpsai enterprise version
+wps collaborated. 2) wpsoffice upgrade: (1) Integrated Gold Mountain Document: Supports the switch of traditional desktop documents to multi-person collaboration mode; (2) Introduction of wps smart tables: Integration of traditional spreadsheets with multi-dimensional tables,
b. Access to Minimax, Ideas, Consorts, Mandarin, Translator. 3) Release of wps, including (1)aihub (intelligent base): large model options for open boxes for businesses, auditable and traceable by businessai, co-invents support for businesses
Industry fine-tunes large models. (2) iidocs (intelligent document library): The cloud document key is upgraded to an intelligent document library that accurately understands multi-column, photo, table, etc., complete document rights system, guarantees that information is not ultra vires, achieves aigc in the private domain of the intellectual knowledge base. (3) copilotpro (enterprises).
Wisdom Assistant: Provides a data analysis function based on lui, translates natural languages into python code, and achieves a call for wpsapi.  Client level: bendai landing space is opened further.
Performance gains are expected to be mainly at the end of c, with attention to their large user base and c-end mode conversion eruptions, and are not expected to contribute significantly to b-endai. A number of wps have a better functional value than the market expects, contributing to the opening of long-term space at end b of the office in Phnom Penh.
▪ Product level: The file is the core vehicle of the enterprise’s data assets, and wps is an extension of the management of the enterprise’s data assets. Previously, in Chao, 2020, the Digital Office Congress, 2021, Office in Kimshan (688111): 2023.
The company's product is located by single-machine document processing software, which is promoted to cloud collaboration platforms and digital office.
The need for final firms to build their own private domain knowledge base, wps further up to the corporate data asset, Office of Kim (688111): fast-performing smart management in 2023, and the scarcity of product scenes is further enhanced.
Report point assessment: Yes, i commercialization is expected, i.e., to create profit predictions and investment ratings: company productivity will be published slightly better than expected, and product and customer-level uplifts will help open up the b-end long-term space.
Looking ahead to 2024, the new membership system, the ai, and the letter-in-kind are three major financial forecasting tables for the marginal office in Phnom Penh, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC), and are now qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.