Quarterly review in 2024: letter creation begins to recover, profit is super-profit, Lee Kang-kyeong Bridge Keyword: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
End-of-end subscription revenue yoy+24.8 per cent, end-of-end subscription income yoy+13.57 per cent, end-of-end authorized income c-end subscription: transition to membership change and commercialization of the ai is expected to drive the basic two-time acceleration. 1) Performance is in line with expectations: 2024q1c end-of-cycle subscription income of $734 million (yoy+24.8 per cent)
The pc end-of-end active equipment, with a total of 12,275 million (yoy+7.14%), followed by a mobile end, with a total of 329 million (yoy-2) follow-up point: following the changes in the membership system that have taken place since April 2023, the company has given a number of coupons, long-term conversions, etc. to the transition of new and old members.
It is expected that the increase will be further reflected in the formal fee renewal period. At the same time, the company q2 is gradually landing in wpsai for commercial greyscale and formal roll-out, and there are poor expectations about the i-product overlap, together with the promotion of the company’s base C-level two-time acceleration.
▪ b-subscription: high-speed clouding growth, exploring the location of a political establishment. 2024 q1b-subsistence revenue.
The impact of the change in the customer boundary of the assistive product has been partly delayed revenue; 2) The company held a wps 365 productivity launch on 9 April, and we can also get a printout from the drop in sales costs of q1.
Kim Shan Office (688111): 2023 Annual Report Card; 3) The letter start to move gradually and the client ' s budget structure changes.
In the area of industry innovation, companies are actively promoting the cloud collaboration authorization model from finance, energy, communications, etc., to increase institutional subscription revenue.
:: Profitability and cash flow: $153 million net cash flow from operating activities (yoy+21.99 per cent).
The new membership system, the ai, the letter-making are all marginal upwards in the year and are in the process of re-evaluating the space over the long term
The three main financial forecasting tables for the offices in Kimshan have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.