A smooth quarter of growth, followed by a follow-up focus on the progress of office attization
Quarterly subscription revenue for personal office services in the country of $734 million, or +24.8 per cent, led to robust growth through improved household sticky and fee conversion rates; institutional subscription revenue of $242 million, or +13.6 per cent, with companies moving into depth with the launch of the wps365 new office productivity platform.
Thanks to new purchase orders in the party’s area of innovation, the agency’s authorized business has resumed.
Checks, anchors aigc content creation, copilot intelligent assistant, insight knowledge in three strategic directions, with a full view of microsof365copilot. The wps text, demos, tables, pdf, gold mountain files, etc. are connected to the product lines that solve the user's content generation, content understanding, command operations, etc.
We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open up new growth.
Space, on the one hand, a simpler and smart office model will lead to an expansion of the user community, and on the other hand, gpt smart office is expected to attract free user fees to speed up the transition, pay penetration rates and arpu are expected to rise in both directions. At the same time, full product lines +gpt will have the potential to generate more new products, similar to Microsoft.
In the future, companies will further increase their investment in the ai area and introduce more innovative ai capabilities.
In the future, wps+ai is expected to open a new space: microsof365copilot connects the whole product line to gpt, and opens a new cycle of office revolutions.
As one of the main carriers of user-generated content, this technological revolution has the potential to accelerate changes in office software from "efficiency tools" to "production tools" and to significantly improve the efficiency of organizations and individual users. Considering that China currently bans the use of foreign-based "ai" software,
The revolution will create greater commercial space for national production software. In recent years, the office has been following up on the development of technology in areas such as nlp, cv, and exploring aigc features such as wps smart writing, ppt smart scripts, beautification, etc. The future is expected to follow the wps+gpt model, leading national production in Chinese.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified.