24/04/04 High performance growth, business endai application sustained in KIMshan office (688111.sh)
Incident: First quarter report issued by the company in 2024, operating income of $1,225 million was realized during the reporting period, an increase of 16.54 per cent over the same period; net profit of $367 million was realized, an increase of 37.31 per cent over the same period; non-return was achieved
Revenues meet expectations, subscriptions and indicators are growing steadily. The company issued its first quarterly report in 2024, and Li Quan achieved business income of $1,225 million during the reporting period, an increase of 16.54 per cent over the same period; of these, one was in line with expectations.
One hundred million yuan, or 13.57 per cent more than the previous year, generated revenues of 194 million yuan, or 6.31 per cent more than the previous year. Of that amount, the number of wpsofficepc monthly living equipment was 270 million, or 7.14 per cent more than the same year; the number of mobile monthly living equipment was 329 million, a decrease of 1.5 per cent.
High performance growth and sharp cost control. During the reporting period, companies achieved net return profit of $367 million, an increase of 37.31 per cent over the same period; net profit of $352 million, an increase of 40.56 per cent over the same period, resulting from increased cost control during the corporate reporting period; the company ' s Māori rate was 84.80 per cent, compared with last year ' s.
The period was reduced by 202 percentage points; sales costs were $216 million, or 13.45 per cent less than the same year, and management costs were posted on the wpsai version of the enterprise and the endai application continued to move forward. Recently, the company organized a workshop on office productivity, at which a new office productivity platform, wps 365, was launched for organizations and enterprises.
An upgraded wpsoffice, wpsai enterprise version, and wps collaboration. Of these, wpsai enterprise layouts are focused on the needs of the enterprise's customers, including the aihub (smart base), aidocs (intelligent document library), copilot pro (business intelligence assistant).
i.e., model use is auditable and private data is rapidly integrated into the model to achieve firm-to-model fine-tuning; aidocs has upgraded cloud files to intelligent files to allow advanced querying, content generation and analysis of existing archives using the ai; copilotpro can switch natural language commands
As a python code, Wpsapi will be called. [Galactic Computer] In-depth report _ Office in Jinshan _ Subscribe to the Sunny Clouds _ The reason for the high revenue growth is that the company has a pattern advantage in the area of one's office, and one will benefit the company's revenue.
On top of this, I'm working with the future.
79.70x60.49x45.28x, the company, as the flagship of the office area cloud computing and the ai, sees long-term development and maintains a “recommended” rating as the land and cloud that should be used by the ai evolves and risks limited market space.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as customers by recipients for receiving the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.