The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services has outpaced the expected growth in its performance and the rising market share continues to expand.
On the evening of 29 January 2021, the company issued a year-round performance forecast, which is expected to result in a concentration of q4 after short-term suppression of the q3 performance throughout the year, leading to a significant increase in business performance throughout the year. Measuring the company’s 50% + year-round performance. The significant growth in the single quarter was mainly due to the departure of the global cloud computing market in 2020.
After 19 years of going to the inventory cycle, the company seizes the opportunity of cloud computing and i-change development, and perfects the data 1. " Short-term downstream demand rewinds do not alter product layouts such as server taps - heart, artificial intelligence and margin computing, thus increasing the market share of the server. "
The company’s share in the global market has increased further, and the server’s leader is strong. According to idc, the revenue stream of the 2020q3 global cloud infrastructure is ranked third in terms of market share.
7.2% of 19q3 went up to 8.7% of 20q3 and in the first half of 2020 wave-ai server sales amounted to $688 million, with the market share rising to 53.5%, leading the group. We believe that the company ' s market share further boosts the power of certified products and that the expansion of operations will help the company to strengthen its industry.
Downstream capital spending remains high, and the industry as a whole is still on the rise, looking forward to the company’s future growth. Within the sea, foreign cloud giants’ capital spending continues to add up (North America’s famga combined 20q3 capital spending yoy).
In the long run, the hardware infrastructure market has reached the tipping point, and server leaders such as Wave Information continue to enjoy global cloud computing high income growth and high capital spending dividends. In addition, domestic cloud producers are growing faster and more rapidly.
We keep looking at the future of corporate servers and smart computing, and we're looking at the outlook for business growth over the next three years, up to 33.9% of the projected increase in revenue and 0.5pp of the Māori rate, 20-22.
The demand for servers is not as high as expected; supply chain risks due to trade friction between China and the United States.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment