Lithium salt lake resources are self-controlled and potassium fertilizer sales are expected to return to the right track Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) in the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved business income of $23,542 million, i.e. +118.01 per cent;
Potassium Fertilizer: The decline in sales due to inadequate downstream start-up and the impact of the epidemic is expected to lead to sustained warming: 1.65 million tons of q3 output, 580,000 tons of sales, influenced by fluctuations in prices in the domestic fertilizer market, quarterly sexual demand, among other factors, resulting in low rates of operation of downstream compound fertilizer companies and the impact of the epidemic.
Compared to the firm’s 300-degree trend, there are also restrictions on the transport of products, resulting in a decline in the sales ring for potassium fertilizer. At present, downstream compost companies are starting up, and market demand is warming.
With a target of 5.75 million tons, the company will increase sales to overcome the adverse effects of the epidemic and strive to achieve the price: the average price of potassium fertilizer plants in three quarters is 4826 yuan per ton (60 per cent powder), up from the ring ratio in two quarters (4425 yuan per ton per ton), but due to the fall in international potassium fertilizer prices.
Lithium salt: high prices, 30,000 tons of blue-collar capacity to release higher profits: about 24,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the first three quarters and 244,000 tons in sales; three-quarter production
0.87 million tons, with sales of 0.94 million tons, and about 0.30 million tons as of the third quarter. With 20,000 tons of electric carbon production, the company ' s lithium carbonate production capacity reached 30,000 tons, the 20,000 tons of project products began to meet battery-grade standards in mid-June, and the current company ' s daily production of lithium carbonate has stabilized at over 100 tons.
Production of lithium carbonate is expected to be more than 30,000 tons per year. Prices: lithium carbonate market averaged 475,000 yuan per ton for the third quarter, self-control over lithium resources of salt lake at an average cost of 458,000 yuan per ton for the second quarter, and the high-quality potassium lithium resource of Charkhan is the bottom of the company ' s stabilization of potassium and expansion of lithium.
Based on the resource advantage of Qing Haizar Khan Salt Lake, the company currently has 30,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate devices to produce and invested $7.08 billion in the construction of 40,000 tonnes/year of basic lithium salt project, which is currently in the pipeline for approval.
The process was completed, the bidding process and the contracting process were proceeding in an orderly manner, and the price of potassium lithium was increasing at an accelerated rate and performance continued to be high in the second half of the year.
Once completed, the project will further consolidate the industrial leader of lithium halogenated water and accelerate its emergence as a new source of energy. 2. Resources will be invested in 7 billion to build 40,000 tons of lithium, the Protector.
On November 3, the Federal Government of Canada announced that Chinese mines, rich and new, Tibetans had to sell power metals, wise, and 3. Potassium fertilizer prices were so high that the price of lithium salt was so high that the shares of the lithium industry and the lithium super company gave rise to market enthusiasm. We believe that resource autonomy could be controlled.
As a result of this trend, the Qinghai, Tibetan salt and lake lithium, as well as Jiangxi, are expected to be the main sources of future supply, and the company will continue to benefit as the country’s salt and lake lithium tap. The company will benefit from the high level of potassium and lithium, which it has built up with its high-quality resources and years of deep cultivation.
This process leads to a high price of potassium lithium. Resource self-control will be a trend, with salt and lake lithium in the Qinghai, West and Jiangxi, which are expected to be the main sources of future supply, and the company will continue to benefit as the country’s salt and lake lithium tap. We expect that in 2022-2024, the company will return.
The prices of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate do not match the expected risks; lithium carbonate expansion plans do not meet the expected risks; environmental policy risks, such as environmental protection; and company management and operations are not as efficient as expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.