- Salt Lake Stock (000792.sz) incident evaluation report.
623.8 million yuan, an increase of 34.55 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 2,925 million yuan, with a high profile in the lithium salt industry, a rise in the volume of products, a significant increase in net profit, mainly due to the increase in the price of lithium carbonate during the reporting period, and
The price of potassium fertilizer (potassium chloride) increased significantly, with the company producing 24,000 tons of lithium carbonate in the previous three quarters, or +47.24 per cent in the previous three quarters; sales of 2440,000 tons, or +62.67 per cent in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters, the company produced 4.29 million tons of potassium fertilizer (potassium chloride), i.e. 4.98 per cent of the year; the sales volume was 3.54 million tons, i.e. -792 per cent of the year. According to a popular offer, 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate was produced in a stable manner, with a blueprint for forward production.
The company plans to build its own new 40,000 tons of lithium salt + 30,000 tons of lithium co-operated with Biadi.
Salt. The project of 40,000 tons of lithium salt is now fully approved, the bidding process and contract signing are proceeding in an orderly manner, and basic work on site temporary facilities and site levelling is being accelerated, as originally planned, 24 months later.
And the 30,000-ton lithium carbonate project with Biadi is well under way.
1) Downstream demand is not as good as expected; 2) capacity building is not as fast as expected; 3) Epidemics are being introduced by the new materials group, the corporate strategy and the six-year new energy research experience.
Du-fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a bachelor's degree from Nakayama University, a master's degree in science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.