On March 30, 2023, Shandong released its annual report for 2022. In 2022, the Department achieved $50.306 billion, an increase of 48.24 per cent over the previous year.
Prices rose rapidly; net profit earned by mothers was 1,246 million yuan, with an increase of 1,440 million yuan in the same year. The main product was self-generated/outsourcing/small gold bars, with revenues of 15,183 million yuan each, with a high level of innovation in gold and gold mines, which became the country's first-largest gold mine.
Seven mines achieved new highs in production, including an annual gold production of 10 tons for the Kari gold mine, 1318.6 tons of retained gold resources based on equity, and further resource security support.
Highest/lowest price within 52 weeks Mine production can recover quickly and high-grade resources are used efficiently; however, open-air mines are off-the-shelf
According to the annual report, the company’s production plan for 2023 is no less than 39.641 tons of gold. Given that the company’s Linglong Gold Mine, East Wind Gold Mine, etc., is actively conducting mining-related licences, the company’s gold mine, and others.
In the near future, the company is expected to achieve its plans for mineral gold production this year, and to reach a new high. The company has set a closed base based on the development of a world-class gold base in the Kudong region.
Issuance of a stock-stock programme, raising a total amount of not more than $9.9 billion, mainly for gold resource development projects in the Jia Mine (integrated) area.
The total investment in this project is $8,273 million, with a six-year construction period. After the project reaches 6.6 million tonnes/year of mining capacity, with an annual average of 290.0 million tonnes of floating gold concentrate (18.85 tonnes of gold) and an annual operating income of the implementing entity.
For $5.373 billion, the average annual net profit is $2,113 million, the purchase of silver and Thai gold, the establishment of a strong union, the acquisition of 20.93 per cent of silver and Thai gold shares, the holding of shareholders in silver and gold and the real situation.
Controllers are entering into agreements to become shareholders in silver and Thai gold. At present, the acquisition is gaining ground, and Shandong and Silver and Thai gold are joining forces to further establish the company’s leading position in the gold industry in the country.
By the end of 2021, the combined amount of silver Thai gold ore (including surface deposits) stood at 1,019.17 million tons, gold metal at 170.452 tons, silver metal at 71.54.06 tons, lead + zinc metal at 10.764 million tons, copper metal.
6.35 million tons of tin and 18.2 million tons of tin metal. *Gold: At the end of the hike, gold prices are expected to rise in a new round.
At the same time, the collapse of Silicon Valley’s bank, and the vagaries of the Swift flow point to the potential market risks associated with monetary tightening policies around the world. As a result, the Fed has indicated that follow-up policies will focus heavily on the health of the US banking system.
In conjunction with a slow fall in inflation and even a recession in the economy, we expect the Fed to raise interest for the last time in March, to ease its liquidity margins, and to release the upward pressure on gold prices; and, in the meantime, the market has recently warmed up, driving the gold to take on a risk-free character, and the gold price is on its way.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective, fair, and independent of other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.