China's Great Stone (600176.sh) Kang Eining has a high-probability cycle, and annual reports match expectations and maintain a “buy-in” rating
After a partial shutdown of small productive capacity, the industry as a whole is in the middle of a high-growth cycle, with good supply-demand trends, continuing to look at the continuation of the high-probable industry and the company's leading position in the industry, the net profits are expected to reach 2.1 billion yuan, 2.5 billion yuan and 3 billion dollars in 2019, respectively.
Corporate performance for the whole year 2017 was in line with rapid growth expectations: companies issued annual performance forecasts, performance analysis: significant growth in company performance in 2017 compared to the comparison, mainly as a result of (1) portfolio of products in the fibre-optic industry
Downstream demand has increased steadily, industry has maintained a high-growth cycle, corporate product sales have increased at the same time, prices have remained stable, combined costs have continued to decline, and the process of structural optimization of production has proceeded smoothly, sales of high-end products (wind power, thermal plastics, etc.) have increased further, and the combined Māori ratio has been maintained
High-level, modest growth. Steady growth in fibre-optic demand, positive supply-demand trends: a steady medium-to-good trend in the fibre-optic industry in 2017, steady growth in downstream demand in areas such as wind power, automobiles, infrastructure, etc., and a combination of environmental policy objectives
The trend is positive in terms of supply and demand. The impact of improved supply and demand relations in the beneficiary markets has been improved, and the company has recently announced a company output of 2018q1: the global fibre-optic capacity is estimated to be about 7 million tons in 17 years (6 million tons + 6 million in rough veils).
China’s company accounts for over 50% of the total. The company’s production and sales are now in the lead, with steady annual growth of over 1.35 million tons of total capacity, and is expected to be successfully operational with Egypt’s capacity of 1704 tons (currently 200,000 tons of total capacity in the Great Stones).
By 2018, 1.4 million tons, or one-fifth of the world’s production capacity will be produced. The company is now a strong leader in the country, and its future development will be further optimized in terms of the structure of production and marketing. The Division plans to increase the production capacity from 150 million square metres to 1 billion square metres by 2022, and the product will be working.
More complex art processes, with higher value added, maintain effective assurance of the company's Māori ratio at a more profitable forecast: we judge that the fibre-optic industry is still operating in a high-growth cycle, with 18 years of downstream demand not less than 17 years. Companies, as industry leaders, have steadily increased their capacity and sales.
The higher-end product route will also be effective in supporting steady growth in corporate performance.