March 20, 2017, China's Great Stone.
China's Great Stone (600176), which was evaluated in 2017, led to a steady increase in corporate operating income. In 2017, the company generated $8,651 million, an increase of 16.19 per cent.
At a time when structural, regional supply is smaller than demand, firms have the right to price, and product boost revenue has increased significantly. Cost declines have been evident under the advantage of size, with lower cost rates increasing profitability. In 2017, the company Māori ratio increased by 1.12 percentage points compared to the same year, with 46.64 per cent of fibres and products, an increase of 2.14 per cent compared to 2.14 per cent.
Nodal points. Corporate size effects are evident, cost uniform purchasing, use of long-term contracts, cost-end controls, and less affected by fluctuations in raw material prices. Cost rates decreased by 3.1 percentage points to 16.88 per cent during the period. Sales costs were 3.71 per cent, compared to the same period, with a significant decrease of 21.7 percentage points, mainly due to increased interest income and lower exchange losses.
The domestic economy is stable and stable, ensuring steady growth in domestic demand. The “one-way” policy pushes up demand for construction materials in cities along the way; the foreign economy continues to recover as a base for infrastructure, automobiles, and wind and electricity, and the future growth of demand in the fibre-optics sector will be on a fast-growing path.
Because of the high entry barriers and concentration associated with the cost, technology, and so on, companies, as the leading companies in the domestic and world optic industry, are benefiting from the existing competition patterns. Environmental policy is now tightened, with a large number of production cut-off policies tightening the supply of products. Supply-side reforms are accelerating the elimination of small, energy-intensive enterprises that are lagging behind, and industrial integration is accelerating.
As a leading industrial company, the market has been rising steadily. The global landscape has benefited from the creation of new spaces for development, improved industrial chains, and technological upgrading to create integrated competitiveness.
In addition, the company’s 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin production line was put into production.
Camp, which focuses on building a programme of “boil + resin” composite material services to complete and extend the industrial chain. The new materials smart manufacturing base was also officially launched in late 2017, and three alkaline production lines and three electronic sand and cloth production lines will be divided over the next five years, with an additional 450,000 unalkali fibres, 180,000 tons of electronic sand and 800 million metres of electronic fabrics, using smart manufacturing techniques.
These will further enhance corporate core and integrated competitiveness in the future. The dollar, $1.20, and $1.35, corresponding to 18 times, 14 times and 12 times, respectively, take into account the fact that companies continue to benefit from a continuous upward trend in demand as a global leader, with significant advantages of scale, internationalization, and intelligent manufacturing creating new spaces for development.
Figure 1: Change in the Māori rate of China's giant stone
Figure 2: Change in China's Great Stone Assets and Liabilities, Figure 3: Change in China's Single Stones Quarterly Net Assets Return, Figure 4: China's Single Stones Quarterly Operating Income
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Master of Economics, Central University of Finance and Economics. Entered the securities industry in 2008. Years of industrial research experience.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.