Kang Eing-Ning has increased net profits by 40 per cent throughout the year, the industry has stabilized upwards and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Two hundred and fifty million, yoy+41% of the company ' s performance is in line with the performance forecast and is at the upper limit of the performance forecast. It is expected that downstream demand will increase steadily in 2018, environmental protection will be tightened, small output will be partially shut down and the industry will be well received.
In the lead, net profits are expected to reach 2.7 billion and 3.3 billion in 2018 and 2019 respectively, with y0y accounting for operating income of $8.65 billion, yoy + 16 per cent, net profits of $2.150 billion, yoy + 41 per cent (with deductions of non-post yoy + 43 per cent), equivalencies of $0.74 per cent, company performance in compliance with performance forecasts and performance forecasts.
A net profit of $598 million, yoy+58 per cent, and a further increase in the profitability of q4 to 47.43 per cent in a single quarter have been achieved, up to an all-time high.
Performance analysis: domestic production of 4.08 million tons, yoy + 12.7 per cent in 2017 and expansion of industrial capacity Ordered, partially low-end and backward production capacity shut down, industrial capacity utilization increased further, and demand for high-end products such as wind, thermal and plastic industries kept growing rapidly and corporate products were sold during the reporting period
The rapid growth in corporate net profits is mainly due to (1) a smooth process of restructuring the company’s marketing structure during the reporting period, and further increases in sales of high-end products (wind power, heat, etc.), leading to a 1.1 percentage point increase in the combined Māori rate over the same period.
A further increase in profitability was achieved by 45.8 per cent (of which the Māori rate for the main fibre-optic product rose by 46.6 per cent over the same period). (2) The cost of the company fell by 3.35 per cent over the reporting period (of which the cost of financial services fell by 3.35 per cent) and the cost of the three fell by 3.1 to 16.9 per cent overall.
There is a good trend in the supply-demand relationship and a sustained high-end product structure: in 2017, the industry was stable, the middle-class trend was positive, the demand for downstream wind power, automobiles, infrastructure was growing steadily, environmental protection was added, policies were becoming more stringent, small output was partially shut down and the industry as a whole was operating in a high-growth cycle.
There is a good trend in the supply-demand relationship. The impact of improved supply-demand relations in the beneficiary markets has resulted in an overall 6% increase in the price of the company's 2018q1 fibre-optic products and a good downstream acceptance. On the other hand, with industrial automotiveization, intellectualization, the upgrading of new energy levels and the growth of the copperboard industry in recent years,
During the period, market demand for high-end products such as thermoplastic veil, the electronic veil, and the wind and electrical veils is increasing rapidly, with some markets becoming more demanding, and the marketing structure of the company ' s products maintaining a high level of Māori as market demand continues to grow.
Profit forecasting: We judge that the market in the fibre-optics sector is now stable upwards, especially the electronic veil market, which needs to flourish, high product prices are running, overall profitability is rising, the entire industry is able to use it for a year. Companies, as industry leaders, have steadily increased their capacity and sales, and their future high-end product routes.
It will also effectively support steady growth in the company’s performance. We expect the company’s net gains in 2018 and 2019 to be based on expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: