Research Center for Smart Manufacturing and New Materials maintains high growth and growth expectations.
At the end of 17 years, the company was producing about 1.3 million tons, a 10 per cent increase over 16 years, while environmental protection accelerated the elimination of backward capacity, improved supply and demand patterns in the industry and higher prices.
The price of the company's 1801 products rose by about 6 per cent, and the full price increase led to a high growth in the company's performance. We, q3, with a bright q3 performance, are expected to continue to outperform the year.
In the first three quarters of the quarter, the net return on profits continued to be higher than expected, with a year-round increase in performance.
Accelerating the expansion of electronic garnish capacity and opening up new opportunities for growth: the company plans to build up 180,000 tons of electric gauze and 800 million square metres of electronic fabric production lines in three phases, further expanding electronic veil capacity, with a higher 4.
Technical barriers, financial barriers, and value added of products. Currently, the company has 40,000 tons of electronic veils and 200 million square metres of electronic fabric, and with the completion of the next 180,000 tons of electronic production, the company will have 220,000 electronic veils.
Tons, on the one hand, will continue to consolidate their industrial leaders and open up new opportunities for growth; on the other hand, they will further optimize the product structure and increase profitability. The process of internationalization is advancing steadily, and the giant stones of globalization are on their way: with the Great Stones of September 17th,
In the third phase of the fire, the Egyptian base, with a total capacity of 200,000 tons, became the largest producer of fibre-optics abroad, covering mainly Middle Eastern and European customers. The US base’s 80,000 tons production line is expected to be operational by the end of 18th, and the Indian base’s 100,000 tons production line is steadily advancing; we believe that cost advantages, size
The cyclicality and growth of the fibre-optic industry have highlighted the firm’s competitive advantage as a leader in the industry. It is expected that the company’s new production capacity will be less than expected; and that the new production capacity in the industry will be released, resulting in an imbalance in supply and demand patterns.
As a result, prices fell: the prices of ore raw materials and natural gas rose sharply, leading to a decline in profitability.