China’s Great Stone, a growing global bobble tap, we believe that the strong technological and cost advantages of companies are key to sustained growth.
In the three quarters of 2017, companies achieved operating income of $6.44 billion, compared to $2.36 billion, an increase of 31 per cent, and net profits attributable to parent companies of $550 million, an increase of 43.5 per cent.
In 2016, the Ministry produced 360,000 tons of fibreglass kiln lasagna production line (phase II); cold-renovation completed the resumption of production; and Egypt completed the production of 80,000 tons of non-alkali fibre-based kiln lasagna production line (phase II); and in 2017, the giant rock climbed to produce 50 million metres of electron fabric per year.
On the other hand, there has been an increase in the share of high-end products, followed by steady growth in the global fibre-optic industry, a steady increase in the production of the bovine, a stable overall market price, an increase in companies, and a further increase in the share of high-heated plastic products.
The strategy for internationalization has been steadily advancing. Following the full post-partum phase and phase two of the Egyptian project, Egypt completed production in the third quarter of 2017 of the 40,000-ton annual high-performance fibreglass production line, so that Egypt completed production in the fourth quarter of the year, and the company plans to build a 100,000-ton annual fibre-optic production line in India.
In the first half of 2017, the project to expand the production line of 600,000 tons of lasagna is officially under construction, which will provide effective security for the production base in the village.
Material supply; construction of a 100,000-ton production line for unsaturated polyester resins per year by Giant Stone Group Ltd., which will be operational in three quarters, marks a substantial step forward in industrial restructuring and related diversification of the company in the provision of a package of services for “boil + resin” composites
In 2016, the company achieved a substantial extension of the chain of downstream industries and further increased the level of business integration. The demand for fibre optics was lower than expected, and additional production capacity was higher than expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.