In recent days, we have studied China’s Great Stones, communicating about its operations, future development plans, and so forth. The global bobble industry has led the way, insisting on its own innovative path, and mastering core production processes.
The company focuses on the manufacture and sale of fibreglass, with five major production bases in Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Egypt, and the United States (under construction), and has completed 18 production lines with an annual production capacity of more than 1.4 million tons, accounting for 32 per cent of domestic production capacity, about 22 per cent of global capacity, and one of the world’s leading producers. Companies have maintained autonomous innovation, spending on R & D over the last five years.
The company is expected to take a step forward in consolidating the industry’s leading position as electronic veils/cloths and e8 process fibres are placed on the market. With the tight balance of supply and demand in the bobble industry, the value of the company’s full benefits has risen.
\triangleright 3.39 million tonnes/year of domestic fibre production in 2016, 3.62 million tonnes/year, with a large number of production lines elasticizing the supply balance. In 2017, the price of the fibre was high, and the price of the unalkalied veil was 12.9% higher than at the beginning of the year.
With 97% coming from domestic firms, there is still a demand gap of 420,000 tons, and the supply-demand balance is expected to continue. High concentration (cr3 = 64%) in the fibre-optics industry is a preponderant monopoly.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright has significantly reduced manual costs: 40% of the company's flask is self-supplied and the cost of raw materials is manageable; cold-renovation has improved energy efficiency in recent years, with one ton of fibre-optic gas consumed more than 20% lower than the industry average;
The Division holds $6.3 billion worth of platinum, precious metals (in terms of cost), and there are sufficient reserves for future expansion of production capacity. Sustained optimization of product structures, construction of offshore production lines “outside” companies to optimize high-end and stringent structures, adapted to downstream needs such as wind power, light weighting of cars, topsoils, etc.
Construction materials were converted to wind (50%) and car (50%) and construction materials fell to 20%. Companies exported up to 48%, with a Māori ratio of 47.9%, benefiting from the global economic recovery, using an “outside-farm” strategy to build overseas production lines and reduce the risk of trade frictions, such as “double-reverse” trade. Egypt produced 40,000 tons in three instalments.
Lines have been set on fire; the 80,000-ton production line in the United States of America is expected to be set on fire by the end of 18th year, and new lines of production and sales can be put on hold.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Companies benefit from higher industry barriers and concentration, maintenance costs, heavy technology, domestic and external convergence.
We expect companies to be 22.4 times, 18.2 times and 15.0 times the net profits of their shareholders in their parent companies in 2017-2019. The average number of registered companies is about 24 times that of a stock, 27 times that of the United States company Owensconning (oc.n)pe, and the company's 17-year peak, median and lowest, respectively.
Twenty-five times, 18 times, and 16 times. The first rating is given as a “strongly recommended” rating.
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Faculty of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
In 2017, Yan Xinjiang, head of construction materials, Master of Engineering Management, University of Qinghua, and Bachelor of Science in International Economics and Trade, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. 3 years of experience in the development and implementation of a master's contract for coal-fired, engine-fired power plant engineering overseas, 2 years of experience in domestic infrastructure finance leasing and investment in ppp, joined the civil securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.