China Stone (600176.sh) China (600176).
The profit distribution scheme provides a cash transfer of $2.5 per 10 shares (including taxes); the capital pool transfers two shares per 10 shares to all shareholders.
Total operating income from fibreglass and its products during the reporting period amounted to $8.427 billion, representing 97.42 per cent of operating income in 2017, an increase of 15.38 per cent over the previous year.
Because of the warming of downstream markets such as wind power, heat and plastics during the reporting period, improved supply and demand in the fibre-optic industry, and structural, regional and seasonal supply of some products, which led to faster sales of the company’s main products, q1 to q4 generated revenues of $1.86 billion, $2.218 billion, respectively, on a quarterly basis.
The second half of the year was better than the first half of the year: by region, the combined Māori rate of $4,707 million had risen, with a significant increase in net interest rates over the same period; by sector, the combined Māori rate of companies had increased by 2.5 percentage points over the same period; and by product, the fibre optics.
Upgraded corporate product quality, high-end production and refined management. Corporate asset liability decreased to 49.36 per cent in 2017, management cost and sales cost rates remained almost the same as last year, and the financial cost rate decreased significantly from 7.2 per cent to 4.85 per cent, mainly due to interest for the current period
Increased revenues and reduced losses on exchange. Excellent cost control to improve the competitiveness of businesses.
The same-year-old growth of 10.93 per cent, which was less than income, benefited mainly from the firm's very strong R & D capacity, its expanding production size and its greater upstream control, and we saw the continued production cost of tons of giant stones.
The company is committed to developing high-end products, transforming the product structure, and increasing the weight of high-end bobble-complex products. e7 sales have doubled each year, and e8 products have been able to produce high-efficiency output on a ton-scale pool kiln.
In 2017, the Qingjiang Quantue Mills Company Ltd., which produces 600,000 tons of lasagna per year, made a positive contribution to ensuring stable, efficient and green production at its source. The Giant Stone Group Ltd., which produces 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin, completed the construction of a production line and is providing “bribled + resin” complexes.
A substantial step forward is being made in the integrated material services solution. The acquisition of a complex complex of materials in Cloud Harbor has been completed, with a total of 32.04 per cent of the shares, and continues to extend the downstream industrial chain and the level of business integration continues to expand intelligent manufacturing and reduce production costs.
The company will implement a new material-intelligent manufacturing base project in the Zhejiang prefecture economic development area, which will be planned and phased in over the next five years, with three non-alkali fibre-optic lines and three electronic veils and electronic fabric production lines, with the addition of 450 tons of non-alkali fibres, 180,000 tons of annual electronic veils and 800 million dollars.
The scale of the production capacity of rice electronics, raising overall corporate intelligence, and improving the economic efficiency of companies. A step forward in reducing operating costs, promoting business transformation and upgrading firms’ core competitiveness is also a key step in accelerating public-sector “up-scaling” strategies.
In 2017, the company’s three-phase production of 40,000 tons of high-performance fibreglass-crystal wiring line was officially launched.
And the US projects are steadily being implemented, and the plant infrastructure and utilities are in the full-scale construction phase. At the end of 2018, the US produced 80,000 tons of non-alkali fibreglass tanks per year, and the kiln wiring line became the first company to set up a production line in a developed country.
As planned, the five-continental layout is steadily moving forward. With the product structural transformation of the “buy-in” rating and the higher proportion of high-end products, the recovery of overseas demand will be one.
Raw materials and fuel prices and supply risks: new production capacity is below expectations.
Real estate industry, construction materials industry. New wealth in 2011, crystal ball number five, gold cow number five in 2012. Eight years of vendor research. Institute sales team.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.