Optimizing the income structure of the health services, advancing the strategic plan for the new decade - the El ophthalmology (300015) company evaluation report Optimizing the income structure of the health services and advancing the strategic plan for the new decade
The impact of the epidemic has largely subsided, with higher performance in the first half of the year. The company achieved a net profit of 1,227 million yuan in the first half of 2021, or +111.92 per cent in the same year, with non-recurring gains and losses mainly due to external donations of $117 million, which led to a larger increase in net profit deductions.
The amount is 1.912 billion yuan, +185.48% of the year. q2 achieved revenue of $3.8337 billion, while the same cost rate continued to optimize and the Māori rate and net interest rate levels increased steadily.
+1.1 pp, due mainly to the growing size of the company, resulting in a corresponding increase in sales costs, such as the remuneration of market personnel and market promotion. Management costs are 12.1%, compared to 1.85 pp, and financial costs 1.05%, compared to 0.39 pp. Companies continue to increase their use of ophthalmology techniques and
The hierarchical chain model is appropriate to China’s circumstances, and the health-care income structure is optimized. The company’s original hierarchy \triangleright chain model is appropriate to China’s circumstances.
+85%, up to 56% in health services. Income from cataract surgery, immediate surgery, and back-of-the-door surgery has increased significantly, Māori rates have also increased, and Māori operations account for the share of circulationa (%)
This increase has led to an increase in the combined Māori ratio of health services. \triangleright billion yuan, +85.20 per cent of the year, hospitals are seeing more and more and more.
On the other hand, driven by the country’s near-visit prevention and control strategy, companies have invested a great deal of research in the area of youth close-visit control, which has led to a gradual increase in the public brand’s influence. The gross rate of sight services rose from 2021h to 2021h1.
To advance the company ' s new 10-year strategic plan and to further improve the layout of the ophthalmology network. The company will move forward with the new \triangleright 10-year strategic plan, building up regional ophthalmology centres and moving steadily towards the focus provincial capitals and straight.
The construction and expansion of the main hospital in the capital city will continue to speed up the layout of the network in more than one city in the capital city, as well as the screening clinics or clinics.
The overall strength of Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd., and the competitiveness of hospitals and improved accessibility to eye services.
\triangleright Risk factor: new hospitals or hospitals climb less than expected: increased market competition: newly introduced services
\triangleright $117 million, which led to a larger increase in non-net profits. The net operating cash flow of the company in the first half of the year was $1.912 billion, equal to +18.548 per cent. q2 earned $3.8337 billion, equal to +52.11 per cent, and the net profit of the mother was $632 million, equal to the net profit of the mother.
Corporate cost rates have continued to optimize, and Māori rates and net interest rates have risen steadily. In the first half of 2021, the Māori rate was 1.05 per cent per annum and the financial cost was +0.39 per cent per annum per annum. Companies have continued to increase their investment in applied ophthalmology techniques and digital transformational research, with R&D costs of 1.40 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with +0.15 per cent in the previous half.
The company’s original hierarchical chain model is in line with China’s national circumstances and has contributed to the rapid growth of the company, which has developed stronger core competitiveness in terms of technology, services, brands, size, talent, scientific research, and management. During the first half of 2021, the company managed to optimize the income structure of its health services, with a steady increase in the share of draught surgery, leading to an increase in the overall Māori ratio.
+85.20%, hospitals are seeing more and more light, ensuring a steady increase in the number of visual mirrors and rising consumption. On the other hand, the company is watching the prosecution in close proximity to the young people, driven by the country’s near-visit control strategy.
The growth in the weight of the company’s brand has been driven by extensive research and research. The gross rate of sight services has been rising from year to year, with 2021h1 keeping pace with the changing demand for eye diseases, with five additional intensive eye clinics: companies keeping abreast of changing demand for eye diseases, and five new intensive eye clinics: youth close eye prevention and control clinics, diabetic eye clinics, cataracts specialists’ clinics,
On the basis of the traditional model of wards, and depending on the characteristics of the ophthalmology, individualized treatment management and one-stop treatment programmes are provided through multi-room ophthalmologist consultations, which effectively improve the efficiency of cross-sectional consultations for ophthalmological patients, while significantly reducing the number of cases in which patients are delayed due to lack of knowledge of the disease.
The establishment of clinics for young people with high levels of near-sightedness, long-term visits by white-collar populations to mobile phones, computer-deep eye disease, etc., is expected to open up new performance growth points. The company’s new 10-year strategic plan will be advanced to further improve the layout of the ophthalmology network:
The company advanced the strategic plan for the new decade by building regional ophthalmology centres, steadily expanding the construction and relocation of the capital and capital hospitals in the capital city, continuing to accelerate the Al relocation project in more than one city in the capital city, as well as in the optical clinic or clinic, the construction of a new Hubei El, the new Angel project, and the expansion of Shenyang El's vision.
The project, the Shanghai El relocation project, the Guizhou El project, the Nanning El relocation project, and the building of a regional ophthalmological highland. This increase is an important step in the company's strategy for a new decade.
At the same time, the company acquired 60 per cent of the shares of the Wuhan El-Han Hospital, 86 per cent of the shares of Han Central El, 55 per cent of the shares of Dan Dong-El, 51 per cent of the shares of Ping-El and 80 per cent of the shares of Al-Haq in Chongqing Van, and created new clinics or clinics in Hubei-Ail, Chenzhou-El, Hainan-Bo-Ei, and 19 clinics.
Degree, depth and density will effectively improve resource-sharing efficiency and the level of medical services, continuously enhance the company’s overall capacity and the competitiveness of hospitals, and improve the accessibility of eye services. We split down the company’s four major business lines and forecast income and Maori rates:
1. Medical service operations: In light of past trends in income, and taking into account the low impact base of the epidemic in 2020, 2021 Qur’an surgery: the proportion of high-end operations, such as Druqhar surgery, is expected to rise further as the population’s standard of living and health awareness rises, and the company has increased its investment in the construction of the Khur’an Unit at the local and district hospitals, which is expected to do so.
Cataract surgery: The number of cataract surgery is expected to increase steadily as cataract restoration works and screening progresses, 2. Visual service operations: with the company ' s hospitals growing in scope, their visual products becoming more abundant, their visual mixes are expected to continue to grow steadily, and their consumption is expected to increase. The state pursues its near-sighted control strategy, and the company is close to the prosecution in the eyes of young people.
Other types of disease: the company keeps pace with the changing demand for eye diseases, with five new intensive eye clinics, adolescents, close eyes, white-collar population viewing mobile phones for long periods of time, high incidence of computer stem eye disease, the creation of new clinics that are expected to open up new sales rates, the company ' s management dependent on health-care personnel, and the need to follow up on the increase in the number of support staff as it expands.
Jo Yah-hyun, member of the team, Master of Chemistry at the University of Xian Transport, joined the Sindh Portfolio in 2021, and was employed as a Cdmo, Medical Discharge, Li Yu-Ten, member of the team, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Medical Sciences. Five years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMeriel, Baker Mankulte (Dannah Group) and had a great deal of experience in the business.
Stewardin, a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical corowork at ppccca and paraexel, adding a credit card in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.