I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Outookfcontuousgrovesresearchanalyst buy ♪
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}and hasachievedremarkableresourcesin controlandoptization. the companyandherestolligentmanufacturingandprecisionmanufacturingtwo-wheeldriveand"4+4+n"strategiclayout.the companyycultivatesdeeper
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, makotdata companycontinuedtoimprovetoefectivemanageandcontroloptization.besides, connuousesopopandequitycentivesdemonstratecompany'sconfidenceinitslong-term
I don't know what you're talking about.
The company has become the most popular company in the world.
The companywillbennefromproductitutionsfrom mainstreambrands.inthelongrun, the companywillbellbenitfromwell-roundedssupportfrom
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it, and I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and I'm thinking about it.
Relayed reports, and the companyyisexpedtoentertheoemsystemformoremainstreamcustomsinthe (002241); 1st quarter 2021
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inthepastreyers, market'sextactionstowardsgoretekfluctuatedsharplyalongweth The volatityofbusinesservicement.nevertheless, Goertekhasdemonstrateditsvalueamid
Heavendsbyitsstrongperformmentormanmentandsoliddevelopment.onlybyconsolidadingthecore compettivenessandcontinuouslyimprovingitself, canthecompanycatchupwithindustrytredend; onlybyworld-bookinglayoutofuntinativementation,canthecompanycontinitutoleadthe
Soochow secreties international
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
Soochow advantages.theother, webcastthatthecompany'snetprofitfrom2022 to 2024tobe researchinstitute,andinparticular
Itsemproyeestianyima, quanxitang andxianying risms: lower-than-expectedvr/arindustrydevelopment; salesofotherproductsmiss
"Boo" (Bau) "Expectings; Internationalations Supply Development. Gore (002241.sz)
The combination of core competitiveness brings with it a sense of sustained growth.
▪ Firm strategic layout zero components + whole machine product lines, with significant efficiency in controls: companies consistently insist on smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive around the "4+4+n" strategic layout, with precision zero components + smart whole machine + content serving as an inner core, building an industrial ecosphere.
In-depth communication with clients and projects, in-depth product definition, technology, process, etc. through R & D capabilities, and continued refinement of business management, and continuous improvement of key indicators such as cash flow, inventory, turnover, etc., as an essential underpinning of regulatory optimization; and, at the same time, continuing staff
Stock-holding schemes and equity incentives underscore long-term development confidence, as well as the cultural and health sustainability of workers' homes. vr/ar is about to enter the rapid and long term, and the firm's long-term upward trend is clear: vr/ar is the main point of growth in the backward age and is an important asset for the company. Gore has a mature optical component.
(vr), optical systems (ar) and smart hardware design manufacturing capabilities, in collaboration with the Global Science and Technology Plant (GIST) depth layout of the vr/ar industrial chain, the sole manufacturer of vr products such as sony, oculus, etc., to benefit in the short term from the new product mix of mainstream brands and are expected to benefit in the long term from the full range of country support and
The growing ecology of the industry, leading the release of brand new products, is also expected to lead to the growth of the industry with the prospect of new hardware of all kinds: (a) Gore leads the layout of the tws headphone design assembly and the core acoustic component, takes an absolute leading position in the market, working closely with the big technology giants.
Future growth is expected to continue as clients expand further and end-product sales increase. 2) Game machines, wearables, etc., and other important domestic and foreign customers have high value products and orders, and there is a desire to move into more mainstream client replacement systems, which are expected to grow in the future. 3)
The company continues to enhance its layout in microelectronics, the mems microphone is a global leader, and its investment in mems intelligent sensors, the sip advanced encapsulation process, is expected to take the future of Gore (002241: 1st quarter 2021).
New elasticity in performance and further increase in the profitability of business as a whole.  The expected volatility of the market has continued to move up the firm: for more than three years, the environment is uncertain, the market is expected to fluctuate sharply, but not at any pace, and objective and robust performance is ahead of schedule.
A firm footprint highlights the value of the company, and only if core competitiveness is consolidated and growing can it be followed by Gore shares (002241); the industry that came to grips with the 2020 annual report; only forward-looking layout and continuous implementation can it continue to lead.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: vr/ar is about to enter the high speed and long term, and the company is expected to be well supported by professional research and analysis, especially thanks to Ma Sky Wing, Tang Gwan-hee and Bao
1. Firm strategic layout and regulatory optimization are the basis for sustained acquisition of incremental orders 1.1. Corporate strategy is unwavering: smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive
For many years, the company has insisted on smart manufacturing + precision manufacturing double-wheel drive, with precision zero components + smart whole machines + content serving as an inner core and building an industrial ecclesiastical circle. The sound, light, electricity, precision structures have been formed with four fine zero components and a hearable, wearable, viewable, home-based, four machine-wide product line layouts in acoustics, optical, mems and half.
Innovative competitive advantages in the transport field, where products are widely applied to consumer electronics represented by smartphones, smart tablet computers, smarts, video games, smarts can wear electronics, etc. Companies have a design and manufacturing advantage in key components such as acoustics, opticals, sensors, etc.; vertical integration is zero.
Synergy layout thinking, services downstream, support upstream, opportunities and value creation in the value chain; acoustics as a core advantage, and optical layout for many years, is an important support for the company's future business. The company's 4+4+n business model of "zero components plus finished products" is not a battle-by-action, development and peer-pull support; and the development of smart fixes through the use of a large number of home-made zero components.
Business, maintaining and upgrading the Māori ratio of the product, leading to a client flow; and leading the development of the engine, upgrading the core zero. 1.2. Sustained and high growth in performance, significant improvement in controls, increased competition in the mobile phone industry, decline in the Māori value of corporate voiceware products, virtual reality products in adjustment period, new layout
The smart wireless headphone business is in the production uphill phase and is not yet profitable. Since 19q1, the tws headphone production and profitability have continued to grow, driving the growth of the smart acoustic business; since 21q1, vr's output has continued to outpace expectations, driving the rapid growth of the smart whole business.
Figure 2: Corporate Sub-business Collection and Structural Share (2021) Figure 3: Corporate Performance Recovering Growth and Sustained Acceleration (Billion Dollars) Since 19 Core Group of Large Clients is Corporate Core Competitiveness: End Brand Innovation Generating Demand, Companies Maintaining with Clients and Projects
Intense communication, deep ploughing of every major client and product line, building the foundation for growth through the development of capabilities to deepen product definition, technology, process, etc. Optimization and fine-tuning of operations is a firm guarantee of enforcement: companies have been pushing for regulatory reform since the end of 18th year.
1) Streamlined functions, streamlined decision-making chain for management and increased middle-level bg authority; 2) increased incentives for staff, efficient rotation of production line groups; 3) digital plant management, improved information systems interface across business links; 4) client project orientation management, with focused resources invested in the market.
Visible results: 1) tws headphones/vr and other new production lines are rapidly increasing, and the speed of the climb of new products and net interest rates
Resource advantages are fully realized; (2) technological frontier paths are always monitored and deployed to maintain the pace of R&D; (3) employee activity and stability are increased. In the future, improvements in corporate profitability are expected to increase significantly, along with a rapid increase in the size of corporate revenue collection as a whole.
Long-term incentives are in place to highlight the corporate culture and long-term confidence of employees: Stakeholder schemes and equity incentives are traditional incentives for companies to effectively motivate their employees to work and maintain a robust characterization of core technical and managerial cadres, especially since 2020, where companies have introduced incentive schemes each year, involving a sustained expansion of staff and size.
Large trends, which have helped to consolidate the core competitiveness of companies at the rapid pace of development of the consumer electronics industry, have strengthened the workforce base and have been confident in the long-term development that has not yet taken place.
Since March 2020, the promotion of the profit-boom game vr market has received great attention again; the epidemic has accelerated, the demand for vr is rising, and the industry is expected to accelerate its warming, including in education, health, tourism and so forth; and 2020q3,
Facebook (Meta) publishes a new generation of vr hardware oculusquest2, which has been well received since it was marketed. In the long run, with the power of the giants Meta, Sony, Hua, Google, Apple, Samsung, Microsoft, and so on, hardware and equipment end displays, delays, interactions, etc. have been gradually upgraded, content has been expanding and accompanied by 5 g
Technology matures, promotes computing and rendering cloudization, solves questions of arithmetic and connectivity, vr/ar long-term prospects are worth a period of 2.1.1. Short term: vr hardware and content enter a virtuous cycle.vr represents product volumes that drive high growth: oculusquest2 has become the most popular vr headline, from
Hardware technology and industrial chain maturity have helped improve equipment experience: vr indicators have been partially immersed, users have improved their use, and vr head has moved to a “playable” phase, no longer being a one-time consumption, while technology has matured.
Lower prices for imported equipment, leading to the export of consumer-grade products. Multi-pound products are about to be released, further stimulating market growth: sony (psvr2), meta (pro/quest 3), apple (mr), pico (neo4) and other leading domestic and foreign brands are expected to be released in the second half of the year to 23 years.
The new vr/mr product, hardware overlaps will be a powerful driver of sales growth. Game content production enters a virtuous circle: as vr's head appears to be in excess of millions, game developers start to make a profit, helping the vr game enter a virtuous ecological cycle, especially the vr renewal of the 3a game, bringing high-quality content.
Production will also be effective in increasing the length and experience of vr users. Figure 8: Vr shows a downward trend in prices.
The giants, each with their own unique flow effects, content reserves, closed ring ecology, intend to take the lead in vr/ar Blue Sea: 1) meta/byte mode: Internet flow plus code fast into the market, hardware and software eco-building going hand in hand; 2) Sony model: customize client groups based on original content advantages, focus games breaking through core user needs: 3) apples
Mode: Self-researching chips + hardware to define product wind cursors, creating new demand to inject the vr/ar market applications from games to multiple fields, applications such as entertainment, socialization, office, education, industry, etc. are expected: 1) pan-recreation video and live broadcasts are expected, and there is a simple landing scene; 2) offline social and office scenes are available
2.1.3. Long term: breakthroughs in core bottlenecks will drive vr/ar to truly reach everyday applications
Vr/ar’s real opportunity for popularization is the emergence of hardware facilities that break through technological bottlenecks, which will make it possible to fully transform the way human beings interact: at the hardware level, the effect of vr/ar is still very high; at the interactive level, there is still an invisible weight and volume, and the issues of dizziness are still to be resolved, far from the experience of immersion.
Vr/ar is currently at a critical stage in moving to a high-speed development phase, and although interactive technologies such as eye-tracing, muscle-electrics, sense-emg, brain-organ interaction are not really mature and the main tracking methods are still hand-trace tracking, the direction of technology development for core zero components such as optical and displaying has shown a clear trend; at the same time, it is one of the rocks that really constrain industrial development.
It is also because the existing content ecology has not yet touched the pain point of public demand, and how to move non-recreational needs into the meta-cosmos world is a bottleneck that must be broken. The future Vr/ar equipment penetration rate will increase dramatically to determine that it is only necessary to wait until key technological breakthroughs have passed.
2.2. Corporate core optical and whole-time technology leads and will benefit fully from the vr industrial chain, which includes, inter alia, spare parts, hardware equipment, software system platforms, content applications and operations.ar The industrial chain includes hardware equipment, tools/platforms, applications three parts, including head, hardware equipment, etc.
Parts and components and technical support, tools/platforms including distribution of platforms, sdk developers ' toolkits, 3d tools, 3d capture, applications in a variety of areas, including games, consumer applications, business applications, health care, education.
A comprehensive layout, such as a research and development base, a Gore optical technology subsidiary, and close cooperation with institutions and institutions of major learning can now provide a wide range of Vr optical solutions, such as a Féner lens, a folding light circuit, as well as spectroscopic reflections, prism reflections, diffraction optical components, etc., at the forefront of free curry, optical motion, microscopic, etc.
Vr, ar-optic technology is constantly investing in research and development, and the layout of optical technology is in line with future trends, with the ability of vr/ar to integrate from zero components to the whole system. The company is deeply tied to leading technology plants such as Sony, Meta, Amazon, Google, and sony, oculus, pico.
The platform’s brand-new vr-based reference design platform, an agreement with waveoptics for exclusive production of photowave-guided components, which will provide the basis for the subsequent import of other technology giants, is expected to be the first to benefit from the long-term rapid development of the vr/ar industry.Vr’s main competitors in the industry include Guangta, Jin, Dragon Flag, etc., and Gore’s share and capacity to maintain production.
Companies have a combined competitive advantage in terms of customer resources, system integration, core optical components, and volume capacity; short-term growth depends on sales by customers (22-23 years of sony, oculus, pico, etc.) and long-term growth depends on the rapid ecological development of the vr industry.
The market is still small in size, with only a few micro-soft hololens. Gore has various types of optical machine technology and production processes, and works with waveoptics to invigorate light wave-guiding technologies, industrial development early technological pathways, and companies lead the way and stay focused on the direction of development.
The global technology giants are active in setting up and evaluating their products in partnership with Gore, and in the future they are expected to generate significant income gains as technology routes are established and new products are formally established. The company’s performance is determined by its core zero components (light systems, mems microphone arrays), sales of new products, etc.
A significant contribution after 24 years. 3. New types of smart hardware are expected to be bloomed. 3.1.tws headphones are expected to become mainstream.
As core technologies such as bluetooth technology, chip programs, mobile phone structural changes and system support, ai, and sensor technology mature, it is expected to contribute to the rapid and sustained development of tws headphones. With intelligence and diversity of applications, headphones will evolve into a stand-alone smart device in the future, so tws headphones will increase their technology and performance.
Table 8: Future direction of the development of tws headphones: Figure 16: tws gradually becoming mainstream (millions)
The company has continued to invest in research and development in the field of headphones, taking advantage of its competitive advantages in the field of electronics and traditional bluetooth headphones, has taken advantage of innovative opportunities in the intelligent wireless headphones industry, has been active in tws headphones since 2013, and is currently capable of designing tws headphones and providing core acoustic components.
The company ' s tws headphone business has design advantages (from antenna design, acoustic component design, audioic integration, sensor integration to embedded system integration one-stop solution), algorithm advantages (active noise reduction, up-and-up noise, microphone arrays, echo elimination, algorithmic techniques such as 3d circular stereos, voice enhancement), manufacturing advantages (electronic zero component manufacturing,
Vertical integration, home-made raw materials, home-made core parts, automated production, etc. The company’s share and sales of large North American customers have increased steadily, while the Odm model of collaboration with Andre clients is dominated by company design, based on customer differentiation needs, combined with zero-assembly technologies and early forward presentation of technology, is expected to continue.
Smart soundbox business: In the 5g+ai era, smart sound boxes are expected to be fast-moving with the location of the smart home entrance Extensions where companies can provide high-quality speakers, shell/structural units, with 360° acoustic structures and high-performance microphone arrays
Column, combined with excellent odm capabilities, provides one-stop service to smart speakers. Game business: the company has been working closely with mainstream Japanese players on a yearly basis, moving from game machine accessories to host odm operations, providing one-stop service from core zero components to full-time integration, with a new generation of hosts heating up.
With a rapid increase in sales and corporate shares, games are expected to bring important performance growth points to companies. Smart wear business: companies provide concepts, R & D, manufacturing one-stop services, have a wealth of top global clients. Successful cooperation cases, design applications to mainstream smart watches, handring platforms, and have a stand-alone 4g service for esim.
Word, double-chip architecture, 5atm design and manufacturing experiences, etc., are expected to continue to benefit from the growth of large domestic customer orders, and to move into the international leading brand supply system in the light of the trend of intelligent wearing healthy eco-constructs. 3.3.mems have clear technological advantages, and micro-electronic business prospects are promising.
Low power and high performance are the direction in which the mems microphones are developed, while the microphone array technique allows voice enhancement and voice location, which is one of the necessary techniques for intelligent products; the microphone array technology allows smart sound boxes to recognize remote voice, and consumers do not have to call their voice assistants by pressing keys; and the voice streaming technology allows them to move.
Intelligent devices have increased their targeted voice signals, thus curbing noise, obtaining clearer voice signals and providing better intelligence services; yole projects a projected volume of 8 billion mems microphones in 2022 and a recovery growth rate of 11 per cent in 2020-2024, with a continuous increase in penetration.
Gore, as a leading mic industry business, has been setting up mems for almost 20 years, and invested in October 2017 in the field of deep-cultivation memms by Golwe Electronics Ltd., through a combination of widgets, advanced envelopes, software algorithms, the development of integration devices and smart sensor modules, the mems microphone product with high performance, dustproof water, intelligence etc.
The company has now become the world’s leading mems manufacturer, with the company Mems mics remaining the world’s highest in 2019, and ranked sixth among the global mems manufacturer, making it the only one in the country to enter the top 10. Meanwhile, Gore’s forward-looking sip wrapping business, with $6.7 billion invested in 18 years together with the Qingjiao Mountain government.
An integrated sensor project. Once a production line has been completed, it is mainly used to produce products such as sensors, smart sensors, and sip-scale containment modules. We believe that, with the rapid growth in the size of the tws headphone market and the tendency to micro-improvise devices, the importance of the containment technology is growing, and companies are expected to benefit fully from the positive layout in this area.
A subsidiary, Golwe Electronics, focused on the mems industry, whose main products include mems microphones, mems sensors, and sips, and which are increasingly integrated, is expected to be marketed in 2022 to accelerate business development. The break-up of Golwe Electronics is affecting: 1) Future growth points include mems microphones associated with a variety of acoustic hardware.
(b) Better access to finance after independent listing and further acceleration of the development of high-technology value added products for microelectronics: 3) Together with incentives for corporate executives and core backbone equity options, management efficiency and prospects for development are expected to continue to improve in the future.
The break-up is affecting Gore's parent company: 1) the rapid growth of micro-electronics has helped to bring further elasticity to the performance of the parent division; 2) the expansion of micro-electronics and the continuous upgrading of product technology will further boost the profitability of and barriers to the products of the parent company's various smart wholes; 3) it is expected that higher capital values will be obtained through the listing of subsidiaries, and this will result in a higher level of productivity.
Optimized allocation of current resources; 4) Consolidation of the zero-sum strategy of 4+4+n and enhancement of the competitive edge of core technologies. 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposal 2022: high growth in sales of vr products represented by ocuulus, sony, pico
There has been a significant increase in revenue, and games and games have been used to generate income and profits; at the same time, there has been an increase in the number of large domestic customers who can wear and sell, and there has been an increase in sales of smart audio terminals, single machine usage and corporate share enhancement to boost smart acoustics The whole set of machines and mems microphones (precision zero components) has continued to grow.
2023 and beyond: new products from the main clients of vr/ar are being released and joint ventures are being established with more technology giants to boost significant growth in the operation of smart hardware; single items such as game machines, wearables, smart sound boxes, both domestic and foreign, are causing market interest and income growth and are expected to move gradually into the business of large offshore customers' watches;
The tws headphones industry has continued to develop steadily, and the new products of large clients are expected to boost sales, while the electronic voice zero component and the mems microphone are consolidated in global leadership; the precision zero component further expands products such as linear motors, wireless chargers, sips, mems sensors, bringing new income and performance elasticity, and improves the whole machine.
The overall Māori ratio has been slightly reduced with an increase in the share of the business as a whole, improved controls and resource optimization have continued to raise the efficiency of the company’s operations and net interest rate levels. We have also selected sophisticated telecommunication, crystallization, and blue devices that provide upstream devices, such as optical components, for consumer electronics.
Special Optics, Soviet Vigilges, Combine Electronics, Sensitivity Holdings, as a comparable company, are 42.57 times the value of the company's 2022pe, and contribute to the company's performance. Second, the company's large product lines are sold and profit margins are overexpected. Third, the vr, wearables, earphones, etc., are the time nodes to be marketed. We expect the company to return to its mother in 2022-2024.
1) vr/ar industry is not growing as expected: the long-term growth of company vr/ar operations is linked to industrial development and there is a risk that development will not progress as expected. 2) Other products are not sold as expected: tws headphones, games, smart wears, etc.
This will affect the growth of corporate business as a whole. (3) The risk of further deterioration in international relations: a deterioration in trade relations between China and the United States will have a direct or indirect negative impact on the business of the company’s major clients in North America.
Appendix: Ghor Basics and Stock Price Recompires for Different Development Times Phase I (2008-2010): Consuming core large clients such as Three Stars, lg, Unions, full access to intelligent cellular phones and the rapid growth dividend of computers
After breaking out of 100 million smartphones worldwide in 2007, the rapid growth phase began, reaching 300 million smart phones in 2010 and 46 per cent in the capr in the period from 08 to 10, while the pc stock also grew rapidly, with cagr accounting for approximately 8.5 per cent (08q4-09q2 Gore) of short-lived financial crisis in 2008-2010.
Market perception changes: since the inception of the market, industry and corporate performance as a whole have been growing rapidly, core competitiveness has been prominent, valuation levels and stock-price performance have been raised along with the underlying landscape, and there has been rapid growth in performance and demand.
Factors such as creation, lack of historical awareness, and so on, determine the scale of valuation upwards. The core factors for ups and downs: the international environment, quarterly performance, rapid penetration of client demand, etc. The financial crisis of 08q4 affected companies’ quarterly performance;
(c) High quarterly performance growth since the beginning of the decade (the concentration of major customer smarts and the low base for the same period of the previous year);
In mid-decade, the industry entered the fast-growing track (published in June) with a valuation of high water levels, seasonal performance expected to be accompanied by continued growth and decline in the industry;
Phase II (2011-2013): Successful entry of a client to benefit from new smart terminals, such as smartphones, and successful entry of a company into a customer ' s supply chain in 2010, while hugging large clients such as Samsung, lg, Unions, etc., 11-13 years
Global smartphones, smart tablets, smart televisions, etc. are showing an explosive growth, with companies fully benefiting from the fast-growing dividends of smart end products, with net profits from collection and repatriation increasing from 4.1 billion and 530 million, respectively, in 11 years.
Figure 31: Growth in phase II smartphone output, Figure 32: Performance in Gore stock prices Changes in market perception: company performance accompanied by large client eruptions and high industry growth, valuation hub ups,
With narrow inter-district fluctuations, the overall valuation level remained stable, enjoying a high valuation of rapid and long-term stability, with rising performance expectations; and the strategic layout of the emerging smart terminal led to a gradual identification of a multi-wheel drive long-term strategy.
Changes in performance expectations show a certain degree of volatility. \triangleright \triangleright after the switch in the valuation at the beginning of November, iPhone sales are expected to be optimistic, gradually increasing the company’s performance expectations for the year;
A slight decrease in performance of 11q2 and a slight easing of stock prices, a rapid recovery of moods, taking into account such factors as the low season, the high base (10q2 new clients ready) \triangleright;
\triangleright 13 years a year of gradual increases in client ratios, high sales of iPhones driving the market to a new high on company performance, with expectations that corporate performance will begin to show a low-season rhythm;
The 13-year layout of new and emerging areas such as wearables, home games, etc., is accompanied by the release of new products from downstream customers (ps4 \triangleright, etc.) opening up new expectations for performance growth.
The growth of smartphones began to slow from the end of 14 years, the growth of corporate revenue began to slow from 14q4 and the growth of profits began to shift in the corporate strategy: the business direction of the layout: "Raising learning, wearing, sensors, precision manufacturing", building integrated product development platforms such as sound technology, photovoltaic technology, mems technology, wireless communication technology, software technology, etc.
There has been a positive shift in market perceptions: large clients’ share of the electric voice has stabilized, the period of high growth has passed, valuation hubs have declined, inter-regional waves have become more narrow, strategic layouts such as R & D inputs, fund-raising, etc. have gradually led to market recognition of the direction of development in the four main areas of the future (smartness).
Soundable, intelligent entertainment, intelligent dress, intelligent home) The core factors for up and down: slightly lower performance, emerging areas of layout, stock prices remained largely stable and quarterly performance declined during the period \triangleright
\triangleright under repair, rapid downturn in valuation; 15q4 with iphone6s release, high order climate and high year-round sales innovation, rapid market mood recovery
Phase IV (2016-2017): Increased volume of cellular voice, high business expectations for vr/ar, slower sales of cellular phones for large clients, doubling of the value of zero components for electric voice, and a total volume of 102 million (+29 per cent yoy) shipments from the market for wearing equipment in 2016, in addition to Vr/ar being one of the important innovations in the area of consumer electronics during this period; company one.
The pace accelerates the overall layout of new products in the fields of vr/ar, smart wear, smart sound boxes, etc. Market perception changes: corporate share of electric sound is stable, iphonex is doubled in volume, vr is distributed, stock price shocks are dominated throughout the year, and new products such as iphone sales are gradually falling, vr and game parts are sold.
In 16q4, the market gradually increased the next year ' s iphonex innovation (then named after the iphone 8 series) \triangleright and sales expectations, doubling the number of components of zero components with electric sound as a proxy for the 17-year increase.
17q1-q3 with high quarterly growth (electric sound +vr) and year-round high expectations of gradual landing and small upswings, stock prices accompanied by steady improvement and valuation of water levels largely unchanged; 17q4, iphonex with less than expected sales, insufficient expectations of innovation in the following year, and flat value for money.
Stage 5 (2018): a decline in mobile sales, a deterioration in pattern and vr/ar below expectations, a fall in corporate revenue for the first time since the market, a negative balance of smartphones, an increase in electricity competitive pressure (access, price decline), a collapse
The vr/ar market was not as well developed as expected, and corporate revenue fell for the first time in 2018 ( - 7 per cent) since it was marketed.
The performance of companies throughout the year is expected to be double-valued, accompanied by downward pressure on sales, post-entry prices and profitability.
Phase VI (2019-2020): rapid growth of company performance associated with the outbreak of tws, the rapid release of company stock tws, smart apparel technology, and the company entered the tws headphones supply chain of a major international client in 2018, accompanied by a rapid outbreak of delivery of tws headphones and company output.
The rapid increase in linear profitability, the rapid growth of corporate revenue and profits, and the continued overperformance of quarterly performance; while industries such as vr/ar accompanied the 5g era with the prospect of rapid growth, long-term growth prospects are promising. Corporate governance continues to improve, resource allocation is optimized, and strategic directions 4+4 are well-defined, profitability and opportunity capture are achievable.
Market perception changes: from the collapse of faith to the crutch of performance, from the optimisation of regulation to the grasp of the wind, from the over-performance to the long-term space, markets have come to recognize one of the corporate consumer electronic poles, with a market value of hundreds of billions of dollars and a supporting base.
Core factors for ups and downs: high performance growth plus a double increase in profit expectations and valuation premiums in the tws headphone industry, while long-term spaces such as vr/ar continue to attract market interest, and the valuation envisages that space will be opened again after 2010; environmental factors such as the epidemic and the Central American relationship during the period disturb the market ' s profitability prospects for companies.
At the beginning of the 19th year, a gradual breakthrough in the airpods capacity, a 19q1 performance trap, a valuation at the bottom of history and a combination of multiple factors, such as the \triangleright spring fixture, began to reverse the stock price, but the 19-year performance expectations were not clear.
(b) 20q1-q2, the epidemic caused successive supply/demand disruptions, the market built a year-round industry export outlook, and company shares.
The end of 20q2 began with a rapid recovery of demand, company performance of q2-q3 and year-round guidance continued to exceed expectations, \triangleright oculusvr demand was optimistic, the market rapidly raised 20-21 years of profit expectations and valuation of water levels;
20q4, market outlook 21 years tws upped and valued water below, but still recognized corporate performance figure 45: Gore stock stage performance Phase 7 (2021): corporate performance continues to rise with the outbreak of vr clients
Changes in company and industry fundamentals: 1) production capacity continues to be low since the precipitous fall in demand in the airpods at the beginning of the 21st century; 2) hot sales have been maintained since the quest2vr market in 20q4 cases, with 21 quarterly deliveries consistently rising; 3) companies continue to improve controls, optimize resources, and 4+4 strategic directions have been well-positioned to ensure a sustained increase in the profitability of products such as vr;
4) The trend towards new products for singles and important customers has been mixed. Market perceptions have changed: from seamless tws headphone connections to vr industry, with companies consistently exceeding expectations over the quarter, the meta-cosmos providing long-term space, and the market has further recognized one of the company’s consumer electronic poles.
The market’s position is close to 200 billion and has a supporting base. Repairs, but the company’s share has increased rapidly, resulting in a rapid return of stock prices with a supporting position; 2) the company’s 21q1 performance is over-predicted, and the market is becoming aware of vr sales and profitability over-expected; and 3) the 21q2 market is running through the vr chain.
(iv) The company's monthly delivery in August of 21 was overdone by a million departments, over-reported expectations, strong demand from the vr, and stock-marketers were upped by the stock market; (5) the field booming universe pushed forward the future vr's expectations as a core indicator and the firm's future growth was determined and wide-ranging.
Recapitulation conclusion: Pessimism caused by the external environment also breeds opportunities to experience the solid developments of the past years, which, despite the uncertainty of the environment and the high volatility expected in the market, remain firm, with firm performance and solid footprints of the forward. The external environment highlights the value of the company.
The growth of pessimism and short-term impacts also gives rise to opportunities, and only by building on core competitiveness and increasing it can the industry’s future be captured, and only by forward-looking layout and continuous implementation can it continue to lead the way! Figure 49: The suppression of the external environment will eventually stop at the increase in core competitiveness of the company.
I have presented this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, with all the views contained therein accurately reflecting the personal views of this person with respect to the said securities or issuers; I have made specific suggestions or observations in this report.
Past performance is not considered to be the future, either directly or indirectly.