The performance climate is up, the turnover is up, the performance is up, the other non-interest business income is up. As of 22q1, corporate income is up \triangleright
Retention revenue performance is robust, finance and bond underwriting are the core underpinnings, and other non-interest income has been shown since 21q3 and is visible, mainly through a significant increase in the return on investment in transactional financial assets, highlighting the company’s excellent bond investment and trading capacity. The net return margin ratio +1.3 pct, based on contribution factors, continues to expand.
In 2021, corporate consumer loans continued to rise, at a rate of +24.3 per cent, and rose by 1.4 pct to 21h1, to buy Suning's withdrawals and expand the space for growth.
22q1 continues its high growth trend, which is expected to sustain moderate growth and low-cost debt deposition. Trading banks have opened their customers further horizontally, reaching 54,000 clients as of the 22q1 open platform, the “Shoe Companion”, compared with +12.8% at the beginning of the year; vertical supply chain service scenes are expanding and client ecology is improving.
The Bank of Nanjing (601009.sh) depth report: Large retail sales are down from +2bp at the beginning of the year.
The recovery, the expansion of assets back to credit, and the loan speed increase in Mr. interest-bearing assets, 8.8 pct, contributed mainly to public manufacturing, leasing services, and personal consumption loans. The rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities declined significantly from the beginning of the year, from 18bp to almost the same level as 21h1, with two strategies in place, with savings ratios and low-cost liabilities expected to settle.
Sustained growth and lower cost of profit. Capital, combined power on both ends, the company’s net difference is expected to continue well. Asset quality continues to be excellent, and the provision remains high. As at 22q1, the company’s bad rate was lower than at the beginning of the year by 1 bp, \triangleright
There's a significant -22bp -pre-indicator interest rate, and there's a clear trend toward a better quality of assets. High levels of coverage continue to increase slightly, with a strong anti-breeding profit potential.
The strategic layout will be strengthened, and corporate performance is expected to remain high. Investment advice: high performance, solid transformation, high probability of transfer, continued high performance, both strategic depths, strong net-rate performance, continued asset quality, and passable.
Figure 1: Year-on-year increase in performance of Nanjing Bank as at 22q1 Figure 5: Year-on-year recovery of net profits of Nanjing Bank as at 22q1 Figure 6: Year-on-year increase in performance of Nanjing Bank as at 22q1 (single season)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.