The growth of the ironing cycle - Walluheungl (600426.sh) - The growth characteristics of the new coal industry model are gradually going beyond the cyclical characteristics.
On 18 June 2021, technology created a “multiline” revolving economy, a flexible multi-collateral chain of industries. The bottom of the company's Roe has been rising for the last decade, and its profitability has been characterized by resistance to cyclicality and bias towards growth.
Cao Xuant, focusing on the optimization of major industries and the production of excellence, has explored a unique endogenous growth path, increasing the level of use of synthetic gas and maximizing the strength of flexible multiproductions.
The core advantage - “multiline” flexible multi-production based on gasification platforms. Companies provide low-cost synthesynthesis of downstream products through advanced multi-spray water gasification processes.
In addition, companies regulate methanol and synthetic ammonia output through integrated gas-based islands and synthesynthetic platforms, converting co-ops to methanol feedstocks, with a more economical process as a whole, and achieving the largest amounts of co- and helium gas than for example.
By adjusting the ammonia ratio to regulate the structure of downstream products, it is also helping to smooth down the volatility of downstream product cycles. The first three years of the investment cycle, as measured by changes in the company’s performance, are also basically the release of the company’s capacity and industry.
During the 13th Five-Year Period, corporate capital expenditure corresponds to a number of new projects, both in terms of the expansion capacity of existing products and in terms of the construction of new ones.
The company is exploring the 14th Five-Year Plan to invest another 10 billion in the next three years to build a second base in the State of Chang, which is expected to start production in 2023, achieve an average annual profit of 1,326 billion yuan, and hopefully build a new Wallu.
Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating. Assuming that the company will collect separately in 2021-2023, the expected end-cycle highlights the competitive advantage.
The company is known as Shandong Hualu Heung Ilium Chemical Co. Ltd., Cheng.
Founded in April 2000 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in June 2002. The company now owns two old factories in the east and west, and a new one, all located in the Canal Heung Ilving Industrial Park in the states of Shandong. The company is a model for the development of new coal chemical industries, using coal as a source for the production of intermediate products such as ammonia and methanol, followed by methanol, ammonia, co, etc.
The production of products such as urea, formaldehyde, organochlorine, dmf, acetic acid, acetic anhydride, ethanol, nitrate, adipic acid etc. for raw materials forms an industrial chain.
Key manufacturers of basic chemical raw materials. The Texas base consumes approximately 5 million tonnes/year of coal, has a production capacity of 1.3 million tonnes/year of ammonium, 700,000 tonnes/year of methanol, and is largely self-sufficient in the production of raw materials for downstream products; The main products of fertilizers are urea, ammonium carbonate and compound fertilizers, of which urea produces 1.8 million tons;
The main product, dmf, had a combined capacity of 330,000 tonnes, of which 100,000 tonnes of additional dmf produced on schedule. The Quality Improvement Project for Precision Diacetic Acid was launched in February 21 with a doubling of its capacity; 550,000 tonnes of ethylene diol production, with 100,000 tonnes of herbic acid production in mid-20 years.
The 300,000-ton carbonate dimethyl (dmc) conversion technology for coal-based ethanol devices has been steadily advanced, with significant cost advantages, with production expected to be completed in the second half of 2021.In addition, the company is in the process of building 300,000 tons of endemide (100,000 tons out) and 200,000 tons of nylons.
The Tianzhou 2nd base project is well under way, with an investment of $11.5 billion in the first phase and gradual construction in the second half of 2023, with the construction of 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of ammonium ammonium, with the use of advanced technology from the company.
In 2020, the company collected $13.11 billion, and the Qingzhou project was completed, which is expected to generate more than $10 billion in revenue, with the prospect of a new Wallau in the medium to long term. The company actually controls the Wallu Holding Group, which is financed by Shandong, which operates primarily in chemical, pharmaceutical, environmental, and environmental industries.
As of the end of March 2020, the Wallau Holdings Group, a fully-owned subsidiary, Shandonghua Ruhingen Group Limited, held 32.28% of the company’s shares.
The company has been spending capital on gas gas platforms for improvement and downstream extension. Looking back, the company has used five years as a development cycle to build a “multi-line” revolving economy with a “multi-line” multi-connected industrial chain based on clean gas technologies.
By expanding the product lines, synthetic gas added value, rather than simply reproducing the product lines, has grown. The company has formed five large panels of fertilizers, polyols, organamines, adipic acids and intermediates, acetic acids, and derivatives.
There is a relative balance of income among the five major segments, but since the products are well-competitive markets, the Māori rate is susceptible to product price factors that show a certain cyclical change, but the overall trend is still increasing.
Figure 7: Overall Māori ratio of products is on the rise (%) The bottom of the company ' s Roe has been rising for the last decade, and corporate profitability has been characterized by resistance and growth bias. In the year 2020, when the epidemic was more severe, most of the company ' s main product prices had fallen to close.
At the time of the boom, close to 30% of the roe proved its strong profitability at the high end of the cycle. The explanation is that, thanks to years of focus on the optimization of major industries and productive excellence, companies have explored a unique endogenous growth path, increasing the level of use of synthetic gas and maximizing the advantages of flexible multi-productivity.
This cost advantage, based on endogenous drivers, is more restrictive and sustainable than the external resource advantage.
The company’s overall profitability is high. From the point of view of its resource advantage, the company is located in Shandong Texas, and does not match the Northwestern coal industry with resources such as raw coal supply and electricity charges. However, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are stablely higher than comparable companies, with a strong overall profitability.
In recent years, corporate combined Māori rates and net interest rates have expanded compared to coal-comparable enterprises, largely benefiting from corporate technological leadership and significant technological reductions, which have highlighted corporate cost advantages. In 2020, companies combined Māori
2.2 Park management improves energy efficiency and reduces management costs Integrated public works promote energy efficiency. The company as a whole implements park-based production management, which is divided mainly into Eastern plants (old plants), West plants, and new plants, and is largely integrated into public works.
The high-pressure vapour from the boiler is first used for back-pressure power generation, the middle-pressure vapour is used for the chemical high-pressure system heat source, the lower-pressure vapour is used as a heat source for dmf, the distillation of methamamine, and the final water enters the condensed fluid system into a new cycle. Moreover, gardening is effective in reducing the complexity of management, and corporate management costs are common.
2.3 Good operating cash flow finance costs are lower than industry fees are clearly ahead of industry fees. Chemical prices fell to the bottom in 2020, and companies remain profitable.
Maintaining a strong level of intra-industry activity. The overall cost rate during the company period was between 4 and 8 per cent, and although it was accompanied by slight fluctuations in product prices and revenues, it continued to decline overall and was significantly lower than in the same industry, with net profits largely growing or smooth.
The net cash flow from operating activities in 2020 was about $3 billion, with sufficient operating cash flows covering significant capital expenditures, a low level of corporate debt as a whole, a significantly lower financial cost rate than the industry average, and a financial cost rate of only about 1 per cent in 2020 and about 4 per cent compared to the company average. Thus, the company ' s current cost rate is at the lowest level in the industry.
Core advantage - A “multiline” flexible multi-production based on gasification platform 3.1 Low-cost synthetic gas is the basis for a company's competitiveness Coalification is a coal-based process that is physically and chemically transformed into gases, liquids and solid fuels and
The industry is inherently an effective shift in resource advantage. Because coal industry is the main downstream industry, such as urea, methanol, dmf, etc., there is full competition.
The gas process is the most central component of the coal industry, with the largest share of energy consumption throughout the manufacturing chain, and the choice of the gas furnace process will have a direct impact on the cost. Modern gasification technologies include, inter alia, fixed-bed coal plus gasification techniques, and the use of coal to pressurize.
Fluid-powder-pressure gasification techniques and gas-flow-gas-bed gasification technologies, including dry-powder-pressure gasification processes and wet-water gas-powder-pressure-gasification processes. Gas-powder-pressure-powder technologies have lower coal consumption and energy consumption, less contamination, higher carbon conversion rates, but higher investment in construction, especially shell-powder-pressure gasification technologies
The highest investment is made in construction. And air-flow beds are more adaptable than traditional fixed-bed coals, which can use cheaper smoke, coal, lignite, and waste. Thus, water-coal processes are more expensive than other gas-chemical processes.
The gasification process provides low-cost synthesizing gas for downstream products, provides a low-cost base from the source, and expands its advantage through continuous technological change. From the comparison of energy consumption of the different gasification processes revealed in the company ' s epoxy report, the company ' s primary coal consumption (decoupled coal) for the multi-spray water slurry gasification technology used in this new project is:
0.5273 kgce/m3, with a combined energy consumption (coal decoupling) of 0.8177 kgce/m3, representing a decrease of 14.59 per cent from the combined energy consumption of traditional gui fixed-bed gas, a decrease of 5.15 per cent from the combined energy consumption of the four nozzle water syrup gasification technology and a further increase in cost advantages.
In 2015, the company introduced a new clean water slurry gasification technique to replace auco-based fixed-bed gasification technology in ugi, which is based on smoke-free coal, thereby enabling the entire plant to produce coal-based raw materials. As a result of greater coalification, smoke-free coal is more environmentally friendly and more expensive than coal.
The price of coal is 1,000 yuan per ton and 550 yuan per ton, respectively, and we assume that one ton of synthetic gas is produced in fixed beds, that 1.15 tons of smoke-free ammonia is consumed in ammonia, and 1.45 tons of coal in air-flow beds are consumed in synthetic ammonia, which is theoretically about 350 yuan per ton. And the cost of coal purchased by companies is further lower than the market price, we believe.
The reason for this is that, in order to guarantee the supply of raw materials, the company mixes the best coals, both in terms of cost control and, further, in order to extend the life cycle of the gas furnaces, with the effect of increasing the efficiency of the device.
Coal species such as excellent, mixed, super low ash, with clear requirements for plant entry targets and distribution control. Figure 17: Decreased coal cost ($/tons) Figure 16: Increasing proportion of synthesizing gas from water slurry
3.2 The “one-line” flexible multi-carbon production model maximizes the efficiency of carbon use. The company has completed the interconnection of gasification platforms to achieve “one-line” flexible multi-manufacturing production patterns through the synthesynthesis platform.
The key to regulating methanol and synthetic ammonia output through integrated gasification islands and synthesynthetic platforms is the control of the co-transformation rates (co2 and h2), the conversion of the former toxic gases to methanol feedstocks, the more economical process wholes, and the maximum use of co and hydrogen, thus achieving a much higher carbon use than their peers.
Rates. At the same time, by adjusting the ammonia ratio to regulate the structure of downstream products, the process of ironing down-stream product cycles and the cogeneration principle: (1) raw coal is made of slurry by grinding rods:
(b) The slurry enters the gas furnace and the coal and oxygen partially oxidizes into co-synthetic gas, co, h2, co2, h2o and a small amount of gas such as ch4, h2s, and then enters the hot chamber bath; (c) the gasated black water is separated from the slag water:
(4) Conversion of sub into co2 and h2, co+h2 h2 +co2 in the gas; (5) removal of co2, h2s and h2o in the gas by low-temperature methanol washing process: (6) entry into the methanol tower for methanol synthesis, through distillation stages and eventual production of methanol products,
Co+2h2 =ch3oh: (7) Decontamination of gas by liquid nitrogen, excluding co, co2 fractions and other impurities that are harmful to ammonia synthesis catalysts, H2 and n2 are produced at high temperature, high pressure and catalyst h3.
It was then combined with synthetic gas, synthetic ammonia, methanol, etc., into multiple production lines and produced different products: (1) Co2 oxidation and urea in reaction to synthetic ammonia: (2) low-pressure methamamine synthesis using methanol and synthetic ammonia as feedstock, contact synthesis dmf:
(3) Methol, Oxygen, No-based reaction to methyl nitrate, methyl-nitrate and co-react to dimethyl (dmo) herbate, dmo-hydrogen with further distillation to ethylene; (4) benzene-based reaction to h2, cyclohexane oxidation to cyclohexol
Acetic acid: (6) Acetic acetylene, with co, h2 hydrazine, butyldehyde plus hydrogen,
The company has achieved full-scale synthesizing gas, synthetic ammonia, and so on. Production is based on integrated gas-drying, plant-wide gas flow balance. The company currently owns 12 gas furnaces, with a gas scale of 784089nm3/h, of which the original
At the same time, the company can make up for the lack of raw gas through the outsourcing of methanol and liquid ammonia to meet the need for plant-wide installation and subsequent product development. According to the E.C.R., the gap in the supply of raw gas to the company is 162,303 nm3/h, assuming that the installations are fully produced. The company currently owns 1.3 million tonnes/year synthetic ammonia, 700,000 tonnes/year methanol.
Full outsourcing of ammonia can adjust 325,000 nm3/h raw gas and full outsourcing of methanol can adjust 226,900 nm3/h raw gas to cover the feedstock gas gap. 4.1 Opening up a new round of capital spending to take stock of the company ' s performance over the next three years
The company basically has a large, concentrated investment cycle of five years. Over the years, the capital expenditure of the company is roughly divided into four phases: (2) 2006-2010: extension of the coal industry chain downstream, mainly urea, dmf expansion and acetic acid.
4) 2016 - 2021: Landfall of traditional industrial upgrading projects, fertilizer functionalization, 500,000 tons of coal ethanol, 50,000 tons of melamine, air energy-efficient conversion and boiler restructuring projects, and production of 167,000 tons of HFA and 300,000 tons of HFA projects under construction.
At this point, the company plans for a new cycle of growth and a peak in production.
An additional $8,181 million in revenue and $806 million in profits. 4.2 “145 billion in investment growth” became operational in 2023 at the state base.
Landing of industrial upgrading projects, fertilizer functionalization, 500,000 tons of coal ethanol, 20,000 tons of melamine, air-efficient conversion and boiler restructuring projects, and commissioning of 167,000 tons of lysine and 300,000 tons of endamide projects under construction, with a large-scale capital expenditure round of the company ' s Texas base from 2016 to 2021
It is almost complete. At this point, the beginning of the next five-year cycle of asset spending, the company is exploring the 14th Five-Year Plan, which plans to invest another 10 billion dollars over the next three years, and we see that the next three years of corporate performance will be accompanied by growth in productive capacity, and that the long-term growth space will open.
The project to build the gas-power platform in the park, and the integrated gas-use project, amounting to 11,528 million yuan, continues the low-cost advantage of the Texas base.
Three high-temperature high-pressure coal boilers and utility engineering facilities. Based on the synthetic gas price of 0.88 yuan/nm3, 140 yuan/tonne of steam, the total outlet would yield sales revenue of $5.2 billion, with an average annual profit of $700 million.
Technical construction of 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of amamine, and 150,000 tons of dmf devices.
In the future, the second base of the company will be located in China, where China and North China will develop. The 14th Five-Year Period will continue to optimize the product structure and consolidate the coal industry. According to an agreement with the local government, the government will seek coal and 1 million tonnes/year of urea productivity targets for the project and address energy consumption and environmental capacity issues for the base.
Corporate support will also be provided in the areas of project land, endangered storage and docks, railway lines, project electricity, drainage, and power islands. The State Project Phase I is expected to achieve a total annual profit of 1,326 million yuan.
5.1 urea: The demand for industrial structural upgrading drives the boom recovery The urea industry has been upgraded by “total control and material structure upgrading at its core”, with a marked increase in industry concentration and a clear trend towards mega- and grouping.
Designing guidance on efficiency gains for transition, emphasising the use of non-smoking coal synthetic ammonia by 2020 increased from the current 24% to about 40%. The share of raw materials was optimized, mainly for lignite and tobacco-based water slurry workers. Artistic production became a strong force in the industry, and backward production, such as fixed beds, continued to be phased out, and technological innovation in the industry continued to increase.
urea prices have increased by nearly 30% since 2021, as a result of demand-side recovery. Farming is the main use of urea in the domestic urea use structure, which accounts for about the country’s total urea.
Consumption was 56%, of which 51.2% was used directly for fertilizers, while 15% of urea was used for compost. In recent years, food security issues have again gained high priority, especially after the new crown outbreak. Several countries have increased their area of food production and demand for fertilizers. Globally, fertilizers are used mainly for maize, wheat, rice, etc.
Cereals, using up to 16.2%, 15.3%, 13.7%, and fertilizer use of the three main crops, 45.2% compared to the total global fertilizer, from January 2019 to May 2021, saw maize purchase prices rise by 50.27%, with only a relatively small increase in wheat purchase prices.
Nitrogen fertilizer companies in Shandong province produce 680.49 million tons of urea (in kind), with Walluheungl producing 26.45% of the product in the right and second place in the province. Hualuin is rising to the “Friendship” urea in the local, surrounding provinces, northeast and south.
Each sub-region has a high profile and has a strong cost and brand advantage in market competition. The main products of the company's fertilizer plates are urea, ammonium carbon, and compound fertilizer, of which urea earns more than 80% of the income of the plates. We believe that the price of urea is expected to rise upwards over the next two years.
The supply-demand relationship in the acetic acid sector has improved steadily in recent years, gradually moving from a low valley to a dynamic balance, with tons of tons, with an average start-up rate of 83%, and domestic appearance consumption of 7.48 million tons. By 2014, the rapid release of acetic acid production had led to overcapacity in the industry as a whole.
The capacity grew from 8.25 million tons to 9.45 million tons, with an increase of about 15%. Moreover, the acetic acid industry continues to integrate, with a high concentration of industry, with cr5 close to 50%.
Rapid growth has led in recent years to a rise in acetic acid production and capacity utilization, with the rate of commencement of acetic acid in the second half of the year 2020, which has remained high at around 90% and with a higher climate. The supply-demand relationship has reversed, with high prices and high climates continuing.
The demand for acetic acid has now expanded to over 40%, becoming the first demand for acetic acid, and the price of acetic acid has not been sensitive to rising or falling because of the low consumption of acetic acid monolithic by pta. The demand for acetic acid is high at the end of the pta year, where the rate of work starts at about 80% is high and the demand for acetic acid is high.
New acetic acid devices are now mostly old and more unstable. Acetic acid devices have been parked frequently since September 2020. Of these, 450,000 tons in 2021 were parked in a 2021 acetic acid and derivative plate, which is expected to contribute 3.09 billion Maori.
We believe that high industry prices and high gross profits are expected to continue with improved supply and demand structures for acetic acid. According to our calculations, the company ' s 2021 acetic acid and derivative plates are expected to contribute 3.09 billion Maori, 5.3dmf: optimized supply with high prices and high Maori sustainability.
dmf is the dominant product in the company ' s organamine series. The company ' s organamide series consists mainly of products related to dmf and methamine (i-methamamine, di-amethamine, tri-amethamine) and dmf is used mainly as a solvent in the production of tidium, ammonia, and is also widely used in the areas of pesticides, dyes, leather. The company has now produced 330,000 tons of dmf production capacity, mostly in the field of leather.
Yearly ranking in the world, 34% in the domestic energy markets. In 2020, corporate organamines (dmf+ polyamines) combined figure 28:dmf industrial chaining synthetic ammonia.
By the first half of 2020, the Zhejiang chemicals plant had a combined capacity of about 160,000 tons of dmf at the request of the local municipality.
A full and permanent shutdown has been completed, and Zhejiang Jianxiang's announcement indicates that after the closure of the Jiangshan base, no further relocations are being sought, with industrial output shrinking by about 18%. Supply contraction and improved competitive patterns have increased significantly, and the prices of dmf products have risen rapidly since August 2020, creating a very high price of more than 10,000 yuan for the first time.
Against this background, the company has been expanding in reverse, with the new 100,000-ton dmf extension project coming into operation in the second half of the 20th century, with a 34-per-cent increase in corporate capacity. As domestic environmental regulations have tightened, some of the country’s dmf small businesses have been overhauled or cut down, and the start rate has been limited, and no additional dmf capacity is available in the country for the next two years, and it is expected that the supply and demand of dmf will continue to improve.
Well, industry concentration is likely to increase further. We believe that industry patterns will be further optimized, with high prices and high levels of Maori expected to continue.
Oil prices are rising in the centre, and the cost-side support is significant. The ethanol national process route is still dominated by oil head, with a total domestic capacity of 1584 million tons in 2020, with oil ethanol accounting for 55% of the country’s total production and the most widely used. Coal ethanol production is 38%, and mto, single ethylene ethylene ethanol, is a relatively small 7%.
With the recovery in demand for crude oil, it is now over $70 per barrel. In this context, the profits of coal ethanol have improved significantly, with the start of polyol plates expected to contribute 660 million Māori in 2021.
Tens of thousands of tons, as a result of low oil prices, have achieved gross profits - 82 million yuan in polyol plates, and the Māori rate has fallen by 17.7 ptt. In the context of the oil price recovery, it is expected that the prices of corporate products will improve significantly at the same rate and maintain the current higher prices, and that the profitability of corporate polyol plates will continue to benefit.
5.5 HSD: The industry is in a recovery window as a result of the recovery of its demand for a self-induced demand for a stable supply and demand pattern. By the end of 2020, 2.88 million tons of domestic production, 1.55 million tons of production, and around 58 per cent of capacity utilization, were in excess. The rate of start-up in 2020 was low.
Since the plant is running a line, it has been inactive for long periods of time since the Salt City incident, and has been parked in Hong Kong and Hong Da.
The industry is in the recovery window, and we believe that this is due to the impact of pbat’s demand for adipic acid, which is about to develop. In 2020, pbat’s share in the downstream share of adipic acid was very small, and it can only be reflected in “others”, with a rough estimate of pbat’s consumption of adipic acid in 2020 of only 15,000 tons.
Around. In 2021, pbat was put into large-scale production, with a pbat capacity of 44/84 million tonnes in 2021/22 and a single consumption of 0.38 tonnes of adipic acid, which is expected to boost the annual demand for adipic acid by 7.9/121,000 tonnes. After 2022, it is expected that 3-4 million tonnes of pbat will be released.
The year 2021 is expected to see a significant rise in the same ratio. In 2020, the market share was 22% as the company’s dominant product. In 2020, the company cost approximately $5,600 tons of adipic acid.
The cost of direct materials accounts for 82% of the total cost, of which pure benzene accounts for about 60% of the cost of the material, and the cost of pure benzene basically determines the cost of the product. Due to the diversity of the pure benzene demand structure, the price of pure benzene in 2020 was more resilient than the price of self-dipic acid, with a decline of 19.3 pct from the same time.
More than 10%, proving that they still have a leading advantage on the cost side. Based on our belief that the future pbat will bring about new developments in the current sulphate industry, it is expected that the current high price of the sulphate will be maintained, and that the company ' s 2021 sulphate canone figure 34: Cost of company sulphate production in 2020 (%)
Profit forecasting and valuation The upward trend in the prices of the company's five main product plates led to an increase in the number of tons of Māori.
The company's status is near the end of steady state, based on the 2023 Wallu Hisung-ju project. We're using phase two.
The dcf valuation method, with a conservative assumption that the firm would be absolutely valued at fcff growth of zero per cent per annum, led to the conclusion that considering that the company was an integrated coal-chemical enterprise, the company selected the same integrated product production as Hushu Chemical and Rusy Chemical was comparable, the yang-chemical industry was comparable to the coal-chemical industry and the cloud-based phosphorus-chemicals were comparable companies.
Because most of the company ' s downstream products are fully competitive markets, and profits are largely derived from the excess gains of its own cost advantage, the valuation is logically stable. We expect the company to operate separately in 2021-2023, and we give the company a dynamic 2021 when it increases its net profits over the next three years and the industries in which it operates.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.