The construction of the integrated new energy industry chain in Qingjiang, with year-to-year high growth determined the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre event: The recent launch of the new energy materials company of the National High School Company for Fertilizer Sources.
The diaphragm base is officially operational, building a whole new energy industry chain in the river. The compost source is dedicated to the production of lithium batteries, diaphragms, with a primary capacity of 80 million square metres. Once the project is complete, the compost source will become the largest powered lithium ion cell diaphragm production base in the east of China. In this way, the combustible river will form a complete new energy source.
Tons of production of silicon-based negative apogee materials, 210,000 (set) recharge facilities, 200,000 total electric motor vehicle power control systems, 80 million square metres of wet power diaphragms and 10,000 tons of tripolar material (modelled at the end of 17), which would enable companies to improve their market competitiveness by controlling costs and quality.
For 17 years, companies have announced orders totalling approximately $4.70 billion, or 98.8 per cent of their total operating income for 16 years, with medium passenger cars producing 3.6 gwh, 3 Gw2 of phosphate lithium and 3 Gwh, which have been invested gradually at the end of the year with the Sandong phase of the Trinity Project.
The company recently spent $129 million (43%) on co-arrangement with Shanghai Electric to explore areas of storage based on lithium titanium.
Industrial applications and business models of energy storage technologies. We see a model of cooperation that combines the resources of both, one with the construction of clean energy equipment in Shanghai for many years, and the other with the leading technical skills of the National High School as the lead in lithium, the two strong combinations of which will help to pre-empt the storage energy market.
Founded in May 2006 and based in the city of Yutsu. There are a number of production bases, including Fatty, Jinjiang, Nanjing, Su, Qingdao, Tangshan, and Chenzhou. The company is engaged in the development and sale of lithium batteries, with the complete production line of lithium phosphate and tri-dollar batteries. In 2014, the company was listed through the reorganization of major electrical assets in Dongsu.
Since the market, there has been a significant increase in corporate revenue and net profits. Power cell output in 2015 was 17gw, an increase of 356.7 per cent, and power cell output in 2016 was 30.5gw, an increase of 79.4 per cent.
After Biadi, Catl, and Watma, with the surge in lithium batteries, the Gokko achieved operating revenues of $4.76 billion in 2016, a 73 per cent increase in comparison, and a net return to mothers of $1.03 billion, a 76 per cent increase in comparison. By early 2017, however, subsidies for new energy vehicles had fallen.
As a result of the policy implications, the output and battery prices of the entire power cell industry declined significantly in the first quarter of 2017. In the second quarter of 2017, there was an increase in the sales of new energy vehicles, with companies expected to start improving in the second quarter, with companies expected to increase their performance by upscaling throughout the year.
This month, with $4.7 billion in orders (98.8% of the total collected last year), the company’s battery business will continue to grow at a high rate, both at the production end and at the order end. At the same time, with batteries entering the high-speed release period in 17 years, manufacturers will need to make up for the price, and the Māori rate will begin to decline slowly.
Assumption 2: The company’s transmission and distribution of electricity has grown steadily since the construction of electricity has entered a slowing period. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.