002074.sz. Short-term performance pressure, four-quarter release and next year's growth is worth a lot.
The profits were 227 million yuan, with a 56.5% increase in the ring. Lithium battery shipments from companies increased significantly in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis, but performance fell in the same year, mainly as a result of a sharp drop in the price of power cells.
The process has been upgraded and the new model has not yet started, and the order ring has contracted.
National High School: Dabei Big Order, III. National High School: Adjustments completed, Operations: Lithium Battery and Transmission Equipment decreased slightly in the first half of the year: 1) Lithium powered in the first half of the year
National high school: short-term performance pressure, National high school: Power cell signing in excess of 1.5 gwh (2 gwh last year full year), phosphate-based lithium, 3 yuan
Lithium phosphate exports are expected to be steady at about 0.3gwh, but the price of lithium batteries has fallen by more than 25 per cent due to the fall in subsidies, with a current average price of $1.6/wh, and the Māori rate has fallen by 12.4 points, resulting in net profits in the first half of the year of the subsidiary's high power.
(b) A decline in sales rates, an increase in management costs and financial rates. In the first half of 2017, the company ' s Māori ratio increased by 11.23 per cent over the same period and the cost rate increased by 1.1 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of an increase in human costs, higher management costs, and the amortization of equity incentives;
Financial costs increased by 53.92 per cent to $2.337 million over the same period and by 0.35 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of increased interest expenditure due to an increase in corporate lending during the current period, with companies having a long-term loan balance of 809 million at the end of the reporting period, an increase of 137 per cent from the beginning of the year and a short-term borrowing balance of 800 million, an increase of 41 per cent from the beginning of the year.
This increase of 24.3 per cent, resulting from the company ' s poor repayment capacity due to tight subsidy policies and tight financial constraints on automobiles, was due to the fact that the company ' s inventory at the end of the reporting period was 897 million, an increase of 42.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in the company ' s battery banks.
This represents an increase of 100 million over the same period, owing to an increase in accounts payable of 595 million compared to the beginning of the year. Net cash flows in the first half of the year for investment activities amounted to $462 million, mainly capital expenditures for capacity-building. The net amount of financing activities in the first half of the year was $2.18 billion, an increase of 5.6 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
Three-dollar line upgrades to speed up the transition to 622, followed by a full-fledged car-type Gilly and a car-to-Thai, with a capacity of 2 gwh, which will be converted from 111 to 622 in the second half of the year, with stable cooperation with North Gas, Chiré, Congtai, Jili, Top Gas Chase, etc., in the first half of the year.
Three-dollar batteries are expected to deliver 0.3 gwh, with a year-round expected to reach 0.9 gwh, and next year, with the back-up vehicle, the company will be able to increase its sales and sales to 2.5 gwh.
The company’s lithium phosphate battery is expected to grow steadily throughout the year, and is expected to produce more than 3 gwh. At the same time, the company’s storage market layout is to be expected in the future, as lithium battery costs continue to decline, storage market space opens, and the company is in the lead.
▪ Increases the up-and-down layout of the industrial chain and creates a lithium cell shut-off. Company announcement: 1) Three dollars is a positive preponderant drive: Aggregated with China Metallurgical Group, Biadei, Cao Cao Development Co-incorporated, engaged in pre-Kyoto drive production, joint venture registered capital of 937 million, a 51% share in the China Metallurgical Group, and a co-founder country.
The project was built in two phases, with production providing 48,000 tons of pre-five thousand and 622 tons of pre-driving units, which are expected to be built in the second half of next year, with production lines that will grow in equal capacity in the second half of next year. The middle-melt group had a resource advantage, while the middle-metallurgical group had three.
The release of meta-capacitation is accompanied by a three-dollar expansion of the production capacity of the company. 2) Creation of a fabric company: A subsidiary of the State is to contribute 50 million dollars to the establishment of a national fabric company, mainly in the field of carbon aluminium and copper, which will be expanded to the area of diaphragm.
There's plenty of space, and the company's coatings are better than technological improvements. 3) Battery recovery: The All-Foot Nation is going to set up a subsidiary with Gansu and Anhui, Lanzhou, for battery recycling, for battery recycling, for battery recycling, for battery recycling, and for battery dismantling, refining and processing.
Resources are recycled, batteries are shut down. 4) Investment companies: The compost countries plan to fund 10 million investment management companies to prepare for the company’s subsequent outreach.
Three major financial forecasts for Kuo High, and Dong Wu Securities Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been prepared by the Committee for Securities Investment.