The company produces lithium ion-powered batteries.
The product involves lithium ion battery products, a single lithium ion battery and a positive lithium power cell material. Currently, the company is actively developing a new generation of triple 622 square aluminium shell batteries and triple 811 batteries. Summary of performance for the first half of 2017: the average sale price of batteries since the government reduced subsidies for new energy vehicles
Sub-power battery products earn about RMB 2 billion, an increase of 1.57 per cent over the same year. Electronic transmission business, an increase of RMB 47.11 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of reduced subsidies for new energy sources.
It accounts for more than 84% of total revenue in the first half of 2017. Currently, the company is actively moving the focus from phosphate lithium (lfepo4 or lfp) batteries to three-dollar batteries with high energy density. Management anticipates that the Qingdao three-dollar battery plant will start production on a regular basis at the end of this month or early next month.
At present, most of the cathode material in the phosphate lithium batteries is supplied by the males at Ruang ' s production base; all the material used for the production of triple batteries is purchased from the third party. The companies are also actively investing in other important production processes: (a) 2016, company and star source.
The material [30568.ch] co-operated in the investment of RMB 3 billion in the construction of the lithium ion-powered battery wet membrane production facility, which began production in May of this year. The production capacity is expected to be 5 million square metres per year; the volume of the first phase is 8,000 square metres; and b) the compost scheme and the China Metallurgical Group (51%), Biade.
[002594.ch] (10%) and the Tangshan Cao Cao Cao Development Investment Group (9%) set up a joint venture, which will hold 30% of the company’s total equity. The joint venture will mainly be engaged in the development and production of the triad drive. The first phase of the project will involve the production of 48,000 tons.
Ncm523 and 40,000 tons of ncm622, the second phase will add another similar production line; c) it will reach 8-9gwh. As for energy intensity, the company is moving from ncm111 to the company's plan to invest 50 million yuan in the creation of a fully-funded subsidiary, a national coating, and the development of coating technology.
Ncm622, so the battery's energy density will reach 190wh/kg. At the same time, the company is investing in triple 811 batteries: the energy density of the company's recently released product is 300wh/, as the company invests heavily in battery production, it also concentrates on storage and power battery recycling.
Development of business: (a) The State High School and Shanghai Electric will form a major R & D energy and battery management trend: the latest report states that China is considering allowing foreign automobile manufacturers to operate in the system; (b) the company, in cooperation with the Lanzhou Kinchuan, will establish the An Län Bün dynasty.
The authorities have yet to make a final decision, but the largest and most expensive investments amount to RMB 100 million. Ensign’s main focus is on recycling and dismantling, which could be implemented early next year.
Dismantling of lfp and lithium manganese oxide (limn2o4 or lmo) batteries. The main reason for this is that the Gansu gold platinum division has an opportunity to establish a production business in China. On the other hand, foreign car manufacturers are collecting lithium ion batteries, including nickel and cobalt.
The country actively seeks joint venture opportunities: the Ford [f.us] scheme works with Angkor Congtai. We believe that Kongko can also benefit from this.
A joint venture has been set up to develop electric cars in China. Moreover, the Ministry of Information and Technology has indicated that it is considering the company’s main bus customers, including Jianghuai [600418.ch], North Air, and Motae. Its owners have banned fuel cars to promote electric cars.
The power cell industry will grow rapidly if commercial car customers are to be included in the upper gas group [600104.ch], the North Gas, the Chinese passenger car, and the Nanjing Golden Dragon.
The total number of orders for passenger vehicles and Nanjing Golden Dragons was 18,600, an increase of 55 per cent in the same year, for about $2.8 billion in yuan, an increase of 34.61 per cent in the same year. The total number of orders for passenger vehicles from the North was 12,900, the value of which was roughly the same as the volume of power cells, and the company was ranked fourth in China in 2016, with a market share of 6 per cent.
At present, the output of the lfp battery is 3.5gwh, and that of the triple battery is 4gwh.
Analyst: markpo analyst: markjiang guoxuanhigh-techco., ltd [002074.ch]isachina-based company, which
[guoxuanh-techco., ltd] isengagedprimarilyinotheresesearchanddevelopment(r&d), manufactureand saleofliftium-ionpowerbutteries, and globaltransmissionandmission.
The company's lithium-ionpoerbattyproductsincludelithium-ion batterypackproducts, singleillithium-ionbatteries and powererthiumbattery catheterials.currently, the companyisactively developinganew
1h2017resources: methegovernmentlowered thesubsidediesfornewenergy vehicles (news), theaspofbetteriesfell.in1h2017, the company reported
Rmb2.4binrevenue, Down 0.1% yoy, andnetprofitatributableto shareholderswasrm445m, Down 16.56%.revenueforthium-ionpower batteryproductswaapproximatelyrm2b2h2017, up1.57% yoy.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
84% oftalrevenuein 1h2017.Currently, the companyisactivelywitching from lithiumironphosphate (lifepo 4 orlfp)batterienternatures, which hasheherhererydensity.managementstheqingdaotary.
The company's cathodetarealforbatesiasakey technology.cruntly, mostofthecathodetarealsinlithiophonphosphate
The company's productionfaciliityinjiang; andallpeopleusedintheproductionoforalbatteriesarpurchasedfromsides. the companyhasalsoactivelyinvestednootherkeyprodition
In 2016, itcooperatedwithshenzhenseniortech [300568.ch], investing 3btobuildawetdiaphragmmanfacturingforestationforcreations-ion powerbetteries, whichstarted productioninmaythisyear.
Annualcapabilityis 500msquaremeters; thecapabilityofthefirstphaseis80m source: bloomberg, companydata, cgisresearch squaremeters.b)hefeioxuannisplaningtocooperatewitchina
Metalurgicalgroup (51%), bydcompany[002594.ch] and 34.61% yoy.passengerveleordersfrombaictotalled 12,900ches tangscaofeidiandevelopmentmentmentgroup (9%) tosetupajioint
30% with heifeiguoxuanholdingofthecompany'storal shares.thejointventurecompanywillfocusmainlyonthedevelopmentand
In 2016, the companyyrankedno.4inbasedonshipsof manufactureoffternalprecursors. the projectwillhavetwophasses: phaseone powers, andhadamarketshareof6%.crently, itscampacityof
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to do it.
Totalcapacitationextoreach8~9gwh.regardingertycity, toinvestrm50mtoestablissawholly-ownedsubsidiary, gooxuantbu, to the companyischangingfromn and 111ton and 622, sotheenergy
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
The company cooperated ally-ownedfectricevidencesinthefreetradezones.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
lithiummanganeseoxide (limn2o4orlmo) batteries.gansujinxuanis china.also, forigncarkersareactivelysekingjointvendure designedforcyclinglithium-ionbatteries, whichhaveniandco.jinxuanis
Oportunitiesinchina: Fordmotor[f.us] isplanningtocooperatewith thelargestinchinaandtird-largestproviderworldwideofcobalt(co). We you uizootyeautomobiletobuildeldrecrcpassengervehiclesinchinchinina
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, believeguoxuanh-techcanalsobenefitforthography.underanewbrand; andvolkswagen [vow.gr] launchedanewjoint venturewithjactovelopelectectectaciónhicleisesinchinina.moreover, the
The company'smajorpassengerveghilientsincludejacmotors miniistryofindustryandforformationtechnology(miit) announcedthat[60418.ch], baic, andzotyeauto.itsmajormercialvecleculecustoms
[600104.ch], baic, zhongtongbusandnanjing-long.the cars.webeliavethatasmoreandmoreoversidescarmakershersenterthe
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
The study is not intended to be sent to or used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside the jurisdiction of which it is issued, issued, made available or made available.
The use would violate applicable local laws or regulations, or would result in the making of a statement or assurance (expressly or implicitly) by the Chinese Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Galactic International Securities”) and/or its group members requiring registration or authorization within that jurisdiction.
This report should not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any article. Past performance should not be regarded as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and the absence of a statement or assurance, express or implied, is made in response to future performance. The person receiving the report should be aware and aware of the purpose of his investment and the associated risks, and should consult his independent financial adviser before investing.
The investment decisions of companies (“Galactic International of China”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“associated persons”) are consistent.