On June 19th, 2017, in the Gang, the U.S. and the Nanjing Golden Dragon passenger vehicles joined forces to save new space in the Shanghai Electrical Distribution Bureau.
Sünanjing signed the Power Battery Contract 2017, where the Nanjing Golden Dragon passenger vehicle was ordered repeatedly to the Hoyoshi Nation, and its year-round performance was assured. Since 2017, the Koko has announced the signing of 1,329 million yuan in Chinese and Chinese passenger vehicles (27.93 per cent in 2016), and 1,875 million dollars in new energy from the North.
This year’s order is split between the order of 26.78% and the order of $4.695 billion, which exceeds the income of the business for the entire year 2016.
Do not increase by 28.16% and 40.93%, reflecting the company’s dominant position in the power cell market - the power of lithium, which will be consolidated by an increase in sales.
Countering price-reduction shocks expands. Adequate orders, strong market positions, and the continuous release of high-quality production can provide strong guarantees for companies to grow their performance throughout the year.
Together with the Shanghai Electrical Distribution Agency, we'll expand the market space. In collaboration with Shanghai Electric Services, I invested in a joint venture in energy storage to explore industrial applications of energy storage technology, Pan Yong-la.
Panyongle@gwgsc.com Market Opening and Commercial Models. Shanghai Electric has a significant advantage in the manufacture of clean energy equipment; Guinang High School is a lithium electric tap, product technology leads industry, currently produced in a volume-based list of lithium square phosphate batteries.
S0512001001 body relative energy has reached 150 ww/kg, system energy density has reached 115 ww/kg, Trinity 43ah battery power ratio has reached 190 wh/kg and system energy density can be around 125 ww/kg.
It will allow for the full integration of their respective resource strengths and seize the opportunities for the development of storage batteries, while also improving the strategic layout of storage batteries based on titanium-tritetium-based lithium and further consolidating the company's presence on the 19th floor of the New Deepfield International Building.
The Great Wall State Swe Securities Ltd. has a leading position in the market for energy car-powered lithium batteries. The integration of upstream and downstream resources in the industrial chain has led to high-technology, high-cost and market competitiveness.
The company is currently integrating the positive/negative/diaphragm industrial chain upstream of lithium electricity, which now has 8000 tons of positive-polar phosphate materials, with stock-financed plans to build 10,000 tons of tri-polar material, 5,000 tons of silicon-based negative materials and 210,000 new energy car charging units.
The company’s entire chain layout is already in the early stages of the production line of lithium diaphragms, which is wanm2 humid. Autonomy of the production capacity of materials upstream of lithium batteries helps companies to increase the pressure density and optimize the performance of products by improving the performance of positive and negative materials and introducing new materials; on the other hand, at the price of lithium electricity.
It also helps to improve the company’s cost-control capacity, maintain the Maori rate in the industry, improve the sale of new energy vehicles, and improve the development of high-end power cells. After the gradual return of policies and markets to stability, the sales of new energy vehicles are gradually improving, with 5.1 per cent per month in May.
Ten thousand vehicles and 45,000 vehicles, with an increase of 38.2 per cent and 28.4 per cent, respectively; of these, 44,000 and 39,000, respectively, were sold, with an increase of 52.5 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively, respectively. New energy, with a 45 per cent increase and a 30 per cent increase in the ring, with a net increase of 30 per cent in April.
The sale of 15 million electric vehicles at the a00 level increased by 104%, while sales of the main vehicles, such as the North Gas ec series, the Jiang oiev series, and the Beans, grew steadily. The company has a strong partnership with new energy vehicles, such as the North Gas and the Jiang Xiao vehicles, and the company ' s phosphate lithium battery technology has acquired new energy vehicles.
The firm’s high level of recognition, we judge, that, with the steady recovery of the industry’s sales, the company’s powered lithium electricity output is expected to recover from the impact of falling prices. In addition, the recently released Draft Measures for the Management of Fire in Cars and New Energy Components shows that national policies are directed towards pure electricity.
Cars and high-performance power cells are tilted, and the new energy mix is positive and linear. The energy density levels of the company’s lithium electricity products have been at the forefront and are expected to benefit from a new energy vehicle that will increase the demand for high-energy density, high-continuity power cells.
Based on the assumption that the company’s capacity will continue to expand in 2017, but that the Māori rate will decline, we expect that the current valuation will remain sufficiently secure, and we will continue to rate the company’s “upscaling” investment. Corporate-powered lithium sales are below expectations; corporate capacity expansion is not proceeding as expected; and the state’s new capacity is emerging.
Significant changes have taken place in the source car industry policy; the company's storage area is not as well configured as expected; there have been significant changes in the company's partnership with the priority new energy vehicle industry, which is defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index over the six months following the reporting period, as follows:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: