There's sometimes a vertical extension of the wind, and the industry's up-and-down slamming + the redevelopment of the production line has led to a decline in performance.
The company’s first half-year revenue was roughly the same as the same period last year, with an improvement over the first quarter, with nearly 85% of power cell revenue increasing by only 1.57% the same year, while the Maori rate fell by 12.43 pct. Depending on the industry’s downstream demand, surrogate events and policy uncertainties are holding back new energy.
In the first quarter of the year, the output of the vehicle as a whole grew weakly, with the production of new energy commercial vehicles falling by 38 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the transfer of the subsidy to the upstream slope of the vehicle company led to a general decline in the price of power batteries, which put companies at the double test of sales and prices in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company undertook a wide range of product-line modifications and process upgrades, which also had some impact on capacity and marketing, and the three-dollar positive pole line was not put into production, while the outsourcing was squeezed by higher prices for raw materials, the lubricating space, which eventually led to flat revenue performance for power cells in the first half of the year, a marked decline in the Māori rate and a net gain.
□ Industry demand continues to improve the growth base for the expansion of the good client base, with the release of a monthly list of recommendations for new energy vehicles, release of government purchase orders in the second and third quarters, a gradual return to growth in the volume of new energy automobile sales, and the July data show that the overall data is good
In June, we expect more than 700,000 new energy cars to be sold this year, and downstream demand is expected to break out in the second half of the year. So far, the company's orders with Nanjing Kinlong, the Central Express, the North Gas New Energy, and Jiangsu Jiankang have reached $4,879 million, of which the North Gas New Energy is set up.
The single marks an important breakthrough in the company’s new energy-borne vehicle market. From the sixth batch of recommendations for new energy vehicles, the company’s entry into the supply chain of Jili and Woo-to-Mouse is further expanding its client base and laying the foundation for performance growth.
Wu Coast □ Technology R & D enhances the cost advantage of vertical integration of high-end products The company continues to maintain the technology and cost advantage of power cells. The company is technologically mastering phosphorus.
An important advance has been made in the industrialization of square aluminium shell batteries and in the development of trivalent 811 batteries and soft-packed battery products. The first half of the year, the company-led project "Research and Development and Integration of Lithium ion Batteries with High-Energistic Energy Power" has made phased progress in the development of energy density of 281wh/kg and 302wh/kg.
Xu Xingqing morning's battery monolithic samples. Companies continue to strengthen their cost advantages by increasing vertical integration into the upper industrial chain of power cells.
To establish a joint venture with China Metallurgical Group, Biade and Cao Cao to produce ncm523 and ncm622 pre-material drivers; to establish subsidiary state coatings for surface treatment products such as aluminium and copper sorghum research and production; and to work with Kanagawa, Lanzhou, for the recycling of lithium battery materials
No rating - the market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.