The vaccine has performed better than expected, the biopharmaceuticals have sailed, and the annual report says that it's the first time it's ever seen a vaccine.
Lee Ping-hoon further increased the share of the pharmaceutical industry in revenue collection in 2016 to 2,319 million yuan, an increase of 22.84 per cent compared to the previous year: 1.379 billion yuan (+29.93 per cent) in net profits in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry.
496 million yuan (+28.51 per cent); 446 million yuan (+34.31 per cent) for 100-gram organisms, with a net gain of 75 million yuan (+40.53 per cent), better than expected; 593 million yuan (+40.53 per cent) for the Chinese medicine industry; an increase in the cash paid by real estate companies for the purchase of goods, the receipt of services and the payment of other goods and services
The increase in activity-related cash flows was due to a decrease of 459.96 per cent in the year-on-year cash flow, mainly due to a net increase in expenditure on purchases of property during the reporting period; and a funding cash flow increase of 1150.78 per cent over the same period, due mainly to the successful issuance of the corporate portfolio during the reporting period.
(i) Growth hormones expanded through exclusive agent-type advantages and distribution channels The performance of the gold-track pharmaceutical industry during the reporting period was largely due to the contribution of recombinant growth hormones, which increased at a rate of about $1 billion in sales revenue, or about 30 per cent in comparison with the same period. Growth hormones were based on exclusive agent-type advantages during the reporting period.
By expanding and expanding the distribution channels, increasing the number of new patients in the group, increasing the length of the patient’s use of medication, and thus consolidating its dominant position in the market for growth hormone products. By agent-type splitting, we believe that the company’s powder-type is about $200 million in revenue from sales due to competition; water needles.
The agent type, based on exclusive agent-type advantages and higher prices, has a sales income of about $1 billion; the long-acting type is at the clinical stage of the iv phase, has not yet been released, and the sales revenue does not exceed $100 million. We judge that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years.
(i) The market has great potential. The growth hormones are the only drug used to treat children with low heights caused by non-recurring diseases: 1.2017-01-25 long spring heights, which are currently estimated at 7 million children in the treatment window, with no treatment rate.
The biopharmaceutical tap, at 1%, is estimated to be about $12 billion in growth hormone market size, far from reaching the ceiling. (2) The market coverage has been expanded through the expansion of the marketing team and the establishment of a complete paediatric growth and development diagnostic model.
The company’s growth hormone products now cover the country’s first developed cities, and the company plans to continue to expand its marketing team to cover the developed district and district levels. At the same time, the company will use the Child Hin Hospital as a template, touch and build a full model for child growth and development, and first build and replicate a successful template in the Jiangzi and Pearl Triangle regions.
Corporate market dominance. We anticipate 17 years of successful long-acting iv clinical work, which will provide a solid basis for the academic expansion of products and the advancement of the Euro-American market, and will continue to contribute to elasticity in future. (ii) Vaccine performance is on the verge of a new phase of development.
Vaccines performed better than expected during the reporting period, mainly as a result of vaccinations for chicken pox. In 2016 100-gram organisms achieved a net profit of $346 million (+34.31%), with a net profit of $75 million (+40.53%). We analysed that the increase in net profits was higher than the increase in crop yields because of cost control over the reporting period, price increases for some regional products, bulk exports from the Indian market and an increase in market occupancy during 2016.
Each year, as a result of the poisoning of vaccines, the whole batch issuance of the vaccine industry dropped by 33 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the company product was distributed by 4,29196,000 people, a 16 per cent decline in the same year, less than the market as a whole, and validated its high-quality attributes. The company’s vaccine operations are about to enter a new phase of development, and its future performance is expected to increase steadily.
The company’s vaccine has entered the international market during the reporting period, has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is currently in the process of posting brochures in Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc. It is expected that further product release will take place through the international market in the future. (2) The rabies vaccine process has been reformed, and it is hoped that it will be turned around.
During the reporting period, the company thoroughly addressed the problem of the rabies vaccine process, which was extended for a period of six months, the rabies vaccine was issued for a total of 274.1 million people and sold for a total of 32,000 deliveries throughout the year.
Reassembled ovarian hormones bid is progressing in an orderly fashion, with the prospect of a breakthrough. Kinsey Reassembly is pushing ovarian hormones to succeed, filling the national production gap. The sales team, through active participation in tenders in public hospitals throughout the reporting period, has already won and been sold in six provinces: Fujian, Chongqing, Shanghai, Shandong, etc. We estimate that the product will be collected by about 20 million yuan and that the company will continue to do so in 2017.
The market for ovarian hormones in the country is concentrated in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals, the winning results in selected provinces and cities, and the company’s winning price is slightly lower than that of the Sherano-like product. We believe that reorganizing ovarian ovarians are expected to replicate the successful model of growth hormone import substitution in the year and achieve a breakthrough in performance.
(iv) The Chinese pharmaceutical industry increased its secondary development investment in existing varieties, with a modest increase in performance expected in 2016. The company overcomes the negative impact of its medium- herbicide industry policy by working to expand product market coverage through marketing model upgrading and full-source development to achieve positive growth (+4.44 per cent). To further tap into the market potential of existing products, the company has increased its competition.
Secondary development inputs for existing products, with a total of $13.3 million spent on existing products during the reporting period, such as silver-chilling pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary blades and dexue capsules, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period, with expected future performance expected to increase slightly. (v) Continued growth in R & D inputs and abundance in product ladders
In 2016, the company invested $265 million in research and development, in the following: clinical trials for growth hormones declaring new adaptive conditions are well under way, and the iv phase of long-lived growth hormones will be completed as expected. In addition, the trauprin microballs have completed their clinical declarations and are expected to receive clinical clearances in the first half of 2017;
Tossing and freezing rabies vaccine has been used to obtain clinical batches; rabies vaccine with herpes has been completed for i and ii clinical trials; nasal injections and live influenza vaccine have entered clinical trials for iii; and Essena water needles are in a state of new drug approval and are expected to enter the market for diabetic drugs as the first drug in the country and to take their share of the market.
The company is the leader of the country’s biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that the performance of the genetic engineering medicine can be kept high: growth hormone water needles and long-lived monolithics, with long-lived clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels contributing to high product growth. Reorganizing human-induced ovulation hormones fills a gap in national production and promises to achieve import substitution; the company’s vaccine business is about to enter a completely new phase of development: the hydropox vaccine is positive.
Towards the international market, the rabies vaccine will be profitable through process modification and agent upgrading; the company's performance in pharmaceutical production is expected to overcome the negative impact of industrial policies and achieve a modest increase; the company's real estate business will also continue to grow steadily. Given the under-predicted long-acting growth hormone iv clinical situation during the reporting period, the restructuring of the human ovarian hormone market will not be as popular as expected, and the vaccine will be safe.
Risks and policy risks, research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.