The company's review reports the pharmaceutical creature, the biological locomotive that accelerates growth, the long spring highs and highs (000661.sz)
We've been talking to listed companies recently. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is now on the third board.
There is still uncertainty about the company’s commitment not to lose its stake in the gold race, to maintain control over it, and there is no risk that it will be diluted. In the main business, growth hormone products dominate the domestic market, with water needles and long-acting agent types being exclusive and long-acting agent types.
It is expected that the iv period of clinical work will be completed in the first half of 17 years, which will allow the further release of growth hormone products, while the rabies vaccine problem has been resolved and the market share of corporate vaccine products will increase, and information will be provided for the preparation of this report.
Real estate is growing steadily. We expect that corporate performance will accelerate.
The government has supported the issue of Kinsey's new 3rd board, but there are still uncertainties. Since the receipt of the letter of concern, the listed company is continuously communicating with the supervisory authorities, such as the Hong Kong pharmaceutical industry.
The Ministry’s special document requires companies to communicate with the exchange in accordance with the rules of the law in order to get the Kinsai to sign up. The Changchun New District Council sends a letter to the government to clarify the local government’s position.
It's important to see if the gold race is going to be successful. It's important that the gold race is on the third board. The gold race is not only about the securitization strategy, but also about the convergence of the interests of large and small shareholders and the promotion of the gold race medicine industry.
In the future, companies will continue to promote the securitization of the assets of controlling firms, supporting 100 grams of independent capital markets, and Wahkang, among others. If they are successful, companies promise not to lose their shares in the gold race and remain in control of them.
There is no risk that equity will be diluted. The company promises not to lose its stake in the gold race, and it will not weaken its position of control and control.
There is no pressing need for equity incentives, so the risk that the equity held by listed companies will be diluted, and that no successful listing will have an impact on the company’s day-to-day operations and performance. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has no equity commitment to its employees, so the employees are not expected to do so.
Normal operations, if not successful, will not have a greater impact on the performance of listed companies, and on the motivation of the management of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry. (ii) The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry will develop around child growth and development and reproduction.
The company will continue to expand its paediatric marketing team to cover the county-level municipalities in the developed regions and to accelerate growth of growth hormones.
We measure the size of the domestic growth hormone market at an average weight of 30 kg for children, a penetration rate of 20%, and needles and water needles at a rate of 50% each. However, in 2015 the treatment rate for children with dwarf disease was less than 1%, and the domestic growth hormone market was about 2 billion yuan.
Kinsey’s growth hormone water needles and long-acting types are exclusive varieties, have achieved coverage of one-line developed city, occupied by superhumans, and expanded to 800 to 900 people in 2016, and the increase in sales is filling up the sale of growth hormones. Therefore, the company will continue to expand its sales teams to cover county-level municipalities in the advanced regions, and growth hormone products will grow faster.
The long-acting type is expected to complete iv clinical trials in 17 years, laying a solid foundation for academic outreach and marching into the European and American markets. Since the long-acting type was introduced, companies are building up reliable clinical data for domestic markets and advanced markets in advanced European and American markets, as well as material for academic outreach.
Six months of treatment. However, the current pace of clinical trials in iv is slightly slower than expected, as some of the formerly compliant patients no longer meet the test criteria, as a result of the country ' s revision of clinical protocols. To avoid a conflict between the iv clinical trials and the original market roll-out time, the company specifically slowed the marketing process to ensure the successful completion of the iv clinic in 2016.
In the first half of 2017, we expect the company to complete all of the iv clinical trials as soon as possible. The iv clinical phase will provide a solid basis for the production of academic outreach and the advance of the Euro-American market, which will help to increase the amount of growth hormone products.
Reorganizing the tenders for ovarian hormones is proceeding in an orderly manner, and companies will actively take up their share of the domestic market. The domestic market for ovarian hormones is concentrated in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals, mainly for the treatment of infertility among women. According to statistics, the number of infertility patients in the country is close to 40 million, about 50% of whom are women, with ovulation disorders accounting for about 30%. We have 50% of patients choosing to treat ovarian hormones.
The high-age maternal drug introduced by the two-child policy is close to $20 billion. However, the market is still far from saturated, with the domestic market for ovarian hormones estimated at $2 billion in 2015, of which the Mercerano reorganisation of ovarian hormones (57 per cent) was marketed in May and, after asking about the mid-point results of some of the provinces and cities, the price of the company’s products is slightly lower than that of Mercherano.
Reorganizing ovarian hormones has the advantage of being pure, safe, and psychologically acceptable. In 2017, the company will continue to promote provincial tenders in an orderly manner, actively taking over the country through its own-account and proxy-cum-merger marketing model, and (iii) establishing and promoting a fully fledged child growth and development treatment model.
In response to the situation in the pharmaceutical market, it has improved the distribution channels for growth hormones, and the Kim Po High Hospital Management Company, an investment unit of the gold-spill industry, has built, acquired, or controlled a growth and development hospital for children, to increase growth hormone products at the end, while avoiding the risk of selling them in large hospitals.
At the beginning of the tri-a hospital, it is determined that growth hormones are required, and patients can be transferred from the main hospital to the children’s hospital at a relatively low cost, while at the same time avoiding travel to and from the main hospital.
The company will set up and promote a fully fledged model for child growth and development, using the model as a model. In the future, Kinsai will use the Shanghai Children’s Hospital to map and develop a fully fledged model for child growth and development, and will be involved in a range of issues, such as early sexualization, autism, etc..
(iv) Actively and cautiously extend to bio-innovation drugs, companies will carefully consider buying good bio-innovation drugs. At the endogenous level, companies only have strategic control over controlling companies.
At the outreach level, companies will be determined to develop or introduce innovative biopharmaceutical technologies, while ensuring good business development. Given the high failure rate of bio-innovation research and development of new medicines, companies are very cautious about acquiring bio-innovative drugs and keeping good targets constant.
As a follow-up, the doctor from the Enterprise Development Department is even directly involved in the piloting of the target project, and we believe that the future growth of the company’s performance is largely determined by the absolute dominance of the gold-sale growth hormones in the domestic market, the water pins and long-acting agent types are exclusive, and as the market-wide strategy and the long-acting agent model are introduced, I am gradually taking over.
They expect a 35% and 30% increase in the Golden Race drug industry in 17 and 18 years, respectively. With the effects of the poisoning vaccine events of last quarter, the 100-gram rabies vaccine problem has been resolved, and the market for rabies and pox vaccine is expected to increase, with Macon expected to lose within 10 million. Profits for vaccine operations are expected to grow faster in 17-18 years.
The growth hormone long-acting long-term clinical trials and market roll-out were not as fast as expected and the reorganisation of ovarians was not sold as much as expected, and the issuance of vaccines was not as fast as expected.