A steady growth in performance and the prospect of a gradual release of the potential of priority products: The company published its annual report for 2016: 2,897 million yuan in operating income in 2016, an increase of 20.62 per cent over the previous year.
The gold race is growing rapidly, with greater potential for subsequent growth. It is expected that the company’s main product will be restructured to grow hormones at a 30% increase in sales throughout the year, and that the company will have a clear competitive advantage over the product (a full product line and a higher market share), with an expanded marketing team and more hospital coverage, and with a growing adaptive capacity.
Reorganisation of ovarians is subject to tender progress in public hospitals, with only six of the winning provinces in 2016, which are expected to go to more district hospitals for sale and gradually contribute to their performance. Kinsai collected 1.380 billion yuan in 2016, a 30% increase in comparison, and a net profit of $500 million, an increase in comparison.
Overall, we believe that the company's genetic restructuring products are of excellent quality and benefit from a two-child policy, followed by a return to high growth of 100 grams of life and a breakthrough in vaccine exports. In 2016, 100 grams of life were able to overcome the adverse effects of the "Standang Disease" incident, generating an income of 350 million yuan, an increase of 34 per cent over the previous year, and a total profit of 91,814,000 yuan.
The net profit is 74,627,000 yuan, an increase of 40.5%, related to the high growth in export operations and the rising market share of chickenpox vaccines. At the same time, in the case of vaccine exports, the company has completed a sustained increase in research and development inputs for India, Nigeria, and the technological platform for vaccines, mono-resistant, and long-lasting formulations has developed.
The ratio has continued to rise, from 5.8% in 2013 (R & D inputs as a percentage of the proceeds of the pharmaceutical business) to 11.43% at present, and 21 projects are under development, of which iii clinical studies are under way for the refrigerated dry flu live vaccine, which is expected to be marketed quickly and with good responsiveness.
Comprehensive technology for the production of genetically engineered drugs, such as mono-resistant, recombinant proteins, and long-acting technologies such as peg (polyethanolization) and microball have been developed in the field of pharmaceutical preparations, gradually creating higher technical barriers.
ovarians are expected to contribute gradually to their performance as a result of the bidding process. At the same time, companies have developed high technical barriers to gene restructuring and preparation techniques, as well as long-acting pharmaceutical formulations, and we appreciate the company’s long-term development,1 and the bidding process is slower than expected;2 EvP releases are slower than expected;3 and the listing of new products is slower than expected;4,
Real estate, Chinese medicine operations are not performing as expected, nor will they be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or observations in the present report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed, nor are there any changes in the information and advice contained.
Seeking to be objective and impartial in reporting content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute securities issued by companies and transactions, and may also provide or seek to provide investment banking services or other services to such companies. ]