The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is growing fast; 100 grams of it, the export of Pox vaccine has become a bright spot, Juddji.
The company achieved sales revenue of 2.897 billion yuan in 2016, an increase of 20.62 per cent over the same period; and II. Our point of view is that performance meets expectations and vaccine exports become the bright spot.
After the adverse effects, in 2016, revenues of 2.897 billion yuan and a net return on maternity were still realized, representing an increase of $485 million, or 20.62% and 26.11%. In company business, 100-grams perform well, the gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry is growing rapidly, and the Chinese medicine industry and high-real estates are performing well.
1) The Golden Race Medicines industry: maintaining high growth; completing revenues of 1,379 million yuan and net profits of 496 million. In 2016, the Golden Race expanded the sales force, expanded the hospital coverage of its products, and increased sales revenues by continuously developing new hospitals and increasing the number of new patients in the group.
With the development of four-line urban health care, companies have expanded from one-to-two to three-to-four-line cities, rapidly increasing the market share of their products and contributing to the rapid growth of their companies’ performance. With respect to new products, the four long-acting growth hormones are well under way, and are expected to be marketed.
Reassembled ovarian hormones, although subject to local public hospital recruitment, are now in the six provinces of Shanghai, Chongqing, Jiangxi, 2017, with a) 100 grams of biology: exports as bright spots; 346 million yuan in revenue and a net profit of 75 million.
After the “vaccine incident”, 100-gram organisms were active in re-establishing their distribution channels and returning to normal deliveries in the second half of the year. Vaccine exports to South-East Asia became the company’s highlight this year.
Indonesia’s registered testing plant has been completed, and is expected to contribute to revenue and profits. The stabilization of the rabies vaccine production process has been resolved, there has been an increase in the number of batches issued, and the market bidding process has been initiated, which is expected to reduce efficiency gains.
3) Waqqang Pharmacy and High New Real Estates: The Chinese rule. 593 million yuan in net profits and 28 million yuan in net profits were achieved by the Waqqqang Pharmacy, which increased by the same amount.
Driven by factors such as sinking and rising share of new products, we can maintain high growth and continue to contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the “vaccine incident”, while export operations are expected to continue at high rates. Therefore, we maintain a “growth” in the company.
Figure 1: Revenue from sales of companies ' major subsidiaries (millions)
Figure 2: Net profits of major subsidiaries of companies (millions) Figure 3: Māori rates and changes in net interest rates of companies Figure 4: Corporate costs (millions) and income as a share
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board