Cobalt production has increased significantly, and copper production has been added to the world's top 10-year-old incident assessment report for the Luoyang molybdenum industry, which published its annual report 2024: the company achieved business income throughout the year 2024.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn has seen a significant increase in copper and cobalt production, with regulatory results in copper and cobalt costs of 109.47 million tonnes, compared to 5.91%. Copper production is among the top ten coppers in the world.
On the price side, while the international cobalt price has declined considerably over the same year, the international copper price has risen over the same year. The international copper market averaged $9,147 per ton in 2024, with cost control effective and copper and cobalt cost having fallen over the same year.
Significant increase in sales, efficiency gains, management esteem, etc., kfm succeeded in reducing production costs, upgrading equipment, 2, Luoyang (603993): Democratic Republic of the Congo
Operating rates and recovery rates for copper and cobalt. The company ' s copper sales cost for 2024 was spent on copper and cobalt projects, and future production will continue at npm copper gold mining to optimize the company ' s development path.
Two major world-class copper and cobalt projects kfm and tfm are in production, preparation for a new one company with six production lines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and more than 600,000 tons of annual copper-producing tfm blended mining projects successfully completed in one quarter and successfully completed in the second quarter, tfm 5.
The production line was fully constructed, resulting in an annual production capacity model of 450,000 tons of copper and 37,000 tons of cobalt, making it the world ' s fifth largest copper mine and the second largest cobalt mine.kfm project benefits from early output in the first quarter of 2023, with production starting in the second quarter.
The tfm and kfm advanced exploration work has yielded a stage-by-stage outcome and is actively preparing a new wave of extension projects.
The breakthrough resulted in the signing and successful implementation of the Congolese Heshima Water Station project, which has a capacity of 200 megawatts, with copper prices currently in the upper cycle and the cost of corporate copper and cobalt products falling slightly.
Rendering up profit forecasts to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Performance growth is not as high as expected; 2) major mineral costs such as copper and cobalt are higher; 3) price volatility risks for major products; 4) geopolitics of offshore mining
(b) Policy risks; (e) interest rates, exchange rate fluctuations; and (f) safety and environmental protection and nature.
Dufei: Carbon neutral group member, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, responsible for color research and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.