On April 17th, 2024, profit growth was robust, and growth was strong.
Events: Companies published their annual report for 2023. Profit growth sustained: in 2023, companies achieved $66,711 million in operating income, compared with growth. Growth in loan sizes was robust, and there was room for improvement in net interest differentials: in 2023, companies realized benefits.
By the end of 2023, companies issued 34.5% and 187%, and the niche financial advantage was further enhanced. At the same time, the company’s total individual lending was increased.
At the end of 2023, corporate deposits believed that there was room for improvement in net differentials as deposit rates were adjusted downwards and credit structures were optimized.
Sustained growth in non-interest income and deepening of the light capital transformation: In 2023, the net non-interest income achieved by the company was due to a decrease in revenue from agency and commissioning fees on a year-on-year basis and to an increase in on-line transaction fees.
At a point, asset quality is growing more resilient, stability is becoming more pronounced, and risk offsets are becoming more visible.
The ratio of loan and business loans is high, comprehensive financial services for children are upgraded, old-age financial opportunities are seized, life-cycle financial services are forged as a “coastal river”, income contributions are increased, core savings at the end of the debt are enhanced and costs are reduced. Retail aum is stable at more than a trillion dollars, companies continue to deepen their transformation,
In combination with the company’s fundamentals and equity elasticity, we have committed ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively, reflecting clearly and accurately my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.