The company released its performance in the third quarter of 2020, yielding $14.84 billion, corresponding to +5.8 per cent, and returning to the mother's net profit.
Higher prices contributed to higher profits: 1# Cobalt on the colour market of the q3 Yangtze + 5.1%, Ring + 9.0%, lme Copper + 11.8%, Ring + 21.0%, and higher sales of cathode copper and pre-triple drive-over, with higher rates of increase in the q1-3 battalion from first half of the year to 0.6% in the previous three quarters
q3 gross operating cost drops by 3.4 pct, driving a net profit growth of about six times. The relative depth of the shares is 300 indexes, which are expected to be stable in drilling and copper prices.
Expenditure, new supply level; resilience of consumer demand, high power nickel subject to costs and safety less than instantaneous, non-cobaltization more remote, and maintenance of cobalt prices as a whole; recent years of low capital spending by global copper companies, with a relatively moderate pace of new production and release over the next two years, with an annual increase of 2 per cent
In line with the global economic growth hub, the recovery of the global economy has been accompanied by a sustained positive increase in demand in areas such as downstream electricity, construction, domestic electricity and transport, especially as China is an absolute consumer of copper, coupled with the low levels of copper stocks and the relative elasticity of the rise in copper prices.
The forward drive has entered the mainstream supply chain, with 30,000 tons of nickel sulphate plus high-ice nickel and pre-drive new energy sources: the forward drive has entered the lig chemistry, ssk, Ninder era, Biadi, etc., the global core of head-power batteries, and products have started to be used on a large scale on popular meb platforms,
Many new pre-triple drive products such as Euro-American high-end electric cars, single crystals, ncm, etc. go into client certification or bulk supply. The company evaluates performance at 10,000 metal annual reports _ the decline in cobalt prices, major contracts, etc.
Construction began in July on the basis of a ton of nickel products, 50,000 tons of pre-removable capacity.
Projects such as the RMB 6 billion-dollar project for the annual production of 45,000 tons of nickel metal with high ice nickel and the annual production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells with three-dollar pre-drive materials have now been revised twice.
The corresponding figure is 46.0/34.1/32.3 times, taking into account the company's accumulation, expansion and maintenance of the “increasing” rating in the new energy sector before the triple dollar. Risk factors: new projects are not expanding as expected, lithium positive electrodes and front drive materials are concentrated.