The non-ferrous metals industry (603799) outperforms expectations and increases the value of companies' performance in the south-west securities research and development centre.
Incidents: The company released its three-quarter report for 2020. The company achieved revenue of $14.84 billion in the first three quarters, 5.8 per cent more than the previous quarter, net profit of $687 million for the mother, 640 per cent more than the previous quarter, net profit of the mother after deductions, 6.28 per cent more than the same period, $5.78 billion more than the previous quarter; q3 recorded revenue of $5.78 billion more than the same year.
• q3 has outperformed expectations, and the sales of electrolysis copper/pre-discharged products have increased significantly in corporate profits. 1) The prices of electrolysis copper have risen by 49.5 per cent, compared to 49.5 per cent, with a year-round increase of 100,000 tons: 2) the year-round output of the pre-discharged body is expected to reach 30,000 tons: the first six months of the company ' s pre-removement have seen a significant increase in sales of 13,000 per 1.27 million tons, compared to the same year
Size: 2) Metal cobalt price ring rises steadily and costs fall: the electric cobalt q three quarter ring rises by 7%, the overseas mb cobalt ring equals the cost of cobalt products as high-value cobalt stocks are consumed, and the cost of cobalt products decreases. • Upstream miners reduce their capacity, downstream demand warms, and supply and demand gaps continue to increase the price of cobalt.
Production has been affected, thanks to improved production guidelines, Vale has been downgraded to year-round mineral targets, ambatovy will be suspended from operations, affected by the new crown epidemic and the decline in cobalt prices and in the scale of mining by the people, with the prospect of a reduction of 8 per cent at the end of the supply of cobalt in 2020, while warming by the demand for cobalt downstream (New Energy Automobile Batteries and 5g mobile phones)
Together, the demand gap for cobalt is expected to exceed 10,000 tons in 2020, and the demand gap is expected to continue to boost the price of cobalt. Over the next three years, the company plans to raise its fully funded three-dollar pre-remobilization capacity to 150,000 tonnes/year, with combined assets rising to 130,000 tonnes/year, while the company is jointly building 45,000 tons/year in Indonesia.
The combined nickel content of the ton nickel metal pyrotechnic high-ice nickel project, as well as that of the 60,000 tons of nickel nickel metal in China, will exceed 100,000 tons per year, matching the company’s pre-triple-dollar drive capacity to secure the raw material supply system. The future is expected to continue to grow with the company’s release of pre-triple-year drive capacity and the gradual release of profits from the nickel plate.
The removal of copper and the substantial increase in the volume of ex-diversion sales have increased the company’s performance below the expected risks and the pace at which the new production capacity has reached the expected risks.
Material Leader (2020-05-26) 3. Chinese Friends Cobalt Industry (603799): Performance meets expectations and production capacity does not release enhanced corporate performance
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.