The company issued a single quarterly report in 2018, yielding 621.251 billion dollars, an increase of 6.7 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 18.770 billion, an increase of 12.8 per cent, attributable to the parent company’s shares; and a gain of $0.155 per share. International oil prices were higher in the first quarter of this year than had been driven by an unusually high rate of production reduction in Oec and geopolitical events.
There was a sharp increase in the average Brent price of $67.3 per barrel per quarter, an increase of $12.5 over the same period last year. The company’s tourism operations benefited significantly from an increase in oil prices, a quarter of 111.33 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent production, a loss of $318 million in operating, and a significant loss of $5.446 billion in the same year. As oil prices rise, we expect the company to be on board.
Midstream: Refinement plates remain high and profitable \triangleright pricing mechanisms for finished oils, with higher oil prices not only generating stable processing costs, but also significant inventory returns
Increased. The chemical industry has limited new production capacity, high downstream demand, a combination of size and technical advantages, strong competitiveness, and a steady operating gain despite a significant increase in raw material prices in the first quarter. First, oil refining and chemical industries achieved operating gains of $19.07 billion and $8.452 billion, respectively, a 13.82 per cent increase over the previous quarter.
Downstream: The sales plate performed steadily, the non-oil business grew rapidly, and the sales section performed fairly rapidly, with non-oil operations growing faster (8.726 billion yuan in non-oil business income in a quarter, 21.8 per cent more than in a quarter).
As the country’s consumption tax system for finished oil continues to improve, prices will continue to decline, and the business is expected to return to growth in the future. The world’s former large oil companies averaged about 1.5 times pb, while China’s petrochemicals were only 1.1 times higher, and there was room for the company’s valuations to go up.
International oil prices have fallen sharply; polyolefin prices have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon sector have fallen short of expectations.
2. Summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements of China ' s petrochemical (600028) study: high profile of oil refining and chemical industries, and on-the-ground listing of sales operations
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University in 2015, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities advisory firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, was appointed to work on the management of oil refining and chemical production techniques. The report was based on the author’s professional understanding and sought to be objective, fair, and not to be influenced by any third party.