Oil prices have risen and upstream operations are expected to lose their share - China's petrochemicals (600028) quarterly reports issued by the company in the first quarter of 2018, generating an increase of 6.7 per cent in operating income from the same year, amounting to 621.2 billion yuan, belonging to the company.
The net profit of the shareholders of the parent company increased by 12.8 per cent over the same period to $18.7 billion. The price of oil increased by the same quarter, resulting in a significant loss in the company’s exploration and exploitation business. The average value of Brent oil in the first quarter of 2017 was $54.88/bpb, and the average value increased to $66.96/bpb over the same period in 2018, which increased by the same year.
Ends the years of decline; gas production increases by 0.6%, and if oil prices remain at $70/bp, it is expected that upstream operations will run out throughout the year.
Drums, where the company’s crude oil and natural gas production grew, lost only $318 million in operating profits from exploration and development operations, well below the losses of $5.7 billion and $12.5 billion in 2017 and 2016. If the average annual oil price is maintained at $70 per barrel this year, upstream operations are expected to turn out to be profitable, adding about $45 billion in operating profits to the plate.
Refinement plates benefit from stock replenishment, and sales and chemical industry operating gains have remained essentially unchanged.
Revenues from sales and chemical operations remained essentially unchanged, and capital expenditure increased significantly over the same period. Oil prices rose in the first quarter of 2018, company upstream operations suffered significant losses, oil refining operations benefited from stock additions and are expected to remain high throughout the year. Companies are expected to realize net profits as shareholders in parent companies in 2018-2020.
There's a significant drop in the demand for oil and exchange rate risk.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, nor does the reader with whom the company has no business relationship assume appropriate responsibility. This report is confidential to the company without its public disclosure or consent. If a non-corporate client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.