The company's annual production of 4.48.79 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, with a 3.2 per cent decline in crude oil production compared to that of natural gas production.
Despite a significant increase of 23.9% (Brent) in international oil prices over the 17 years, the same increase in the same amount has affected old amortization, impairment of assets, employee costs, and resource fees, with operating losses amounting to RMB 45.9 billion, representing an increase of RMB 9.3 billion.
The impact of the same loss of the RMB 11.3 billion. Losses in upstream operations are the most important factor delaying performance. Midstream: the oil price hub moves up, the smelting plate is high, and the unit compares with the deep 300 movement.
The refined oil business benefited from an increase in oil prices, an upgrade in the quality of the oil products and a restructuring of the products, with an increase of RMB 38.8 per ton over the year. The value of the products benefited from the chemical industry was increased by RMB 27 billion over the year, an increase of RMB 6.4 billion over the year, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period.
The largest producers of refined oil and ethylene in the country, the current upturn in international oil prices, the high profile of the refining plate, and the most important vehicle for contributing to the company’s performance. Downstream: the sales plate has a stable performance, and it is expected that future offshore listings will significantly enhance the company’s valuation.
The performance of the sales block has been relatively stable, with non-oil operations growing faster (the profits of the non-oil business being RMB 2.2 billion, an increase of RMB 700 million over the same period). The plate realizes an operating gain of RMB 31.6 billion over the year, a decrease of 1.8% over the same period, partly affected by the sale of oil products under price reduction.
By doing so, it is hoped that future listings will be achieved. In addition to contributing to stimulating the dynamism of enterprises, enhancing market competitiveness, activating the huge development potential of new and emerging businesses (non-oil products), China’s total petrochemical enterprise value can be raised significantly.
Although the company's performance has increased by only 10.1 per cent over the same period over the past 17 years, the plan has significantly increased each share of the return on investment The company, as an excellent state-owned business shareholder, is an example of a value investment.
1. " China ' s petrochemicals (600028) research report: oil refining, chemical industries are high and sales are on the market twice, nine times and nine times higher. Oil prices are rising, company performance is on the rise, dividends are high, and value investments are best targeted.
The average pb of the world’s former major oil companies was about 1.5 times, with only 1.1 times the average of China’s petrochemicals, and there was room for upward restoration of the company’s valuation, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Four major panels were active, with net profits increasing on a quarterly basis and a significant fall in international oil prices; lower prices for polyvinyl hydrocarbons; and less than expected reforms in the hydrocarbon sector.
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.