On 11 July, the deep south circuit released its mid-19-year performance forecast: 1 January to 30 June 2019.
Billion dollars, a 43 to 70% increase in the same year. High performance gains are mainly due to the smooth climb of the production capacity of Nanton factory, where the company’s overall good rate and capacity utilization are at a higher level and orders are adequate. The efficient functioning of the Nanton smart plant leads to marginal improvements in overall operating efficiency.
\triangleright floor printing circuit board investment project (phase II), replenishment of liquidity, two years of project build-up, expected to reach production, proposed to be issued with high-speed high-density multilayer pcb.
The main product of the project is a 5g communications product, which is a high-speed, high-density, multi-layered circuit boards produced by the server. The issue of the fungible debt has now been confirmed by the National Finance Committee and the CSRC has benefited.
(2) A number of high-speed high-density pcbs are high-end products, mainly used on routers, switches, optical transmission networks and data centre servers, storage units, etc. The downstream communications infrastructure market is expected in 2019, driven by the expansion of the data centre and the construction of the 5g infrastructure, according to Prismark.
This will increase by 5.6 per cent; according to Prismark, the market size of the server (including data storage) will increase by 7.7 per cent in 2019, and we believe that the company owns a large number of high-quality customers, such as Hua, Naking, Nokia, Ericsson, Hewlett-Packard, Unions, etc., and will benefit from ample hand orders for the construction of routers, switchboards, etc., of 5g infrastructure.
Corporate focus on the “3-in-one” strategy, pcb operations benefit 5g commercial acceleration, taking into account the company's South China Trader 1. Deep South Circuit (002916), company review: 18 years.
Multiplier, given that companies are leading firms in the country in the pcb field, are technologically strong, have high-quality customers stable, and maintain a company's “recommended” rating based on the elasticity of growth in company performance based on fast reporting, over-expected operations of the Nanton factory.
1. Increased competition in the industry: 2. Performance is not as fast as expected: 3. Price volatility of raw materials. The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and fair, without any third party giving any opinion or influence.