Deep South circuit (002916); 5g windy, national alternative, deep South circuit.
Focusing on the area of electronic connectivity, the company is committed to “Creating the world: the company released its semi-annual report for 2019 on 10 August, and the company achieved business income during the reporting period as an integrator of technology and solutions for electronic circuits at the community level”.
Three more than 68.02 per cent increase in the availability of printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronics.
In the first half of the year, the company’s 5g communications pcb product gradually moved from a small batch phase to a bulk phase, with 5g products taking over.
By the end of the reporting period, the productivity slope had largely ended, with high levels of capacity utilization. In addition, the expansion of the data centre and the electronic customers of cars had contributed to the company’s performance.
The 5g dividend continued to erupt, and the company was able to expand its production capacity to meet the wind. In 2018, the data from the Ministry of Industry and Communications showed that the total number of 4g base stations in the country was 3.72 million, and that the 5g base station would be more intensive due to limited coverage, with at least 7 million base stations in the country in the future.
The plant deepens its specialized production lines and continues to invest in technological improvements and efficiency improvements; on the other hand, it is proposed to launch a two-stage plant in South China...to take advantage of alternative opportunities to national production and to upgrade the company's product.
Active expansion of the containment base plate operation and upgrading of the pcb operation. The micromems containment panel product is the backbone of the base plate business, and the technical difficulty of the project has increased significantly, and the company continues to be a leader in the technology and production of this type of product.
The company’s product structure and technology in the pcb area is also improving. Future developments have led to a “recommended” rating for the first time.
Downstream customers need less than expected.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Liu Hui Shau, research assistant brief.
A Bachelor of Technology, Harbin Industrial University, Master of Finance, Shandong University, three years of experience as a nuclear power engineer, joined the Dongcheng Securities in 2019.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, deep south circuits (002916); 5g wind, alternative to national production, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.