h1 Performance guidance meets expectations, 5g boost company performance outbreak — Deep South Electric Point Review `H1 performance guideline 2019' meets expectations and is expected to continue with high growth in 2019:
The company issued a performance forecast for 2019 h1, with a projected net profit range of $421-477 million, a 50-70 per cent increase over the same period, which is consistent with our previous expectations and maintains the profit projection unchanged. We believe that the company is focusing on the area of electronic connectivity and is committed to “the development of world-class electronic circuit technologies and solutions”
Integrator, which will benefit fully in the context of the impending 5g and the accelerating trend of semiconductor national production. 5g, which contributed to the rapid growth of company h1 performance in 2019, will boost performance: corporate net profit h1 grew rapidly in 2019, mainly as a result of: first, the firm’s order ratio.
The second is that the company's production capacity is well uphill, contributing new capacity, generating business income and profits. We believe that, as the 5g era approaches, the level of remixing and integration of products will increase further, and the proportion of pcb products using special materials will increase.
Plus, there will be a process of increasing the price of a pcb product for 5g communications. As the world’s leading wireless base station radio powerer pcb supplier, companies have entered the field of communications earlier, with a much deeper technological build-up and a large number of high-quality customers, such as Chinese, Naking, Nokia, Samsung, etc., and will usher in a 5g era.
We believe that, with the issuance of the 5g license plate, China’s 5g commercial curtain has been opened, and the 5g building will help boost companies to raise funds for the 2nd phase of the Nanton Project + the non-Sitic Envelope Project, which will lay the foundation for future growth: the company now has three production bases, namely, Shenzhen Longgang, Jiang Su-tsi and Jiang Sonantung.
Possesses pcb, enveloped base, pcba operations; tin-free base has pcb, pcba, q1 performance meets expectations, in-house capital pcb head-to-head, and the envelope board fund-raising project is under construction and is expected to be operational by mid-2019; Jiang Sonam Tong base is currently operational
High Performance Growth, The Domestic Pcb Rolling 5g, Mainly Pcb Operations, 5g Communication Products, Grand Age, 519-03-12.
The server produces high-speed, high-density multi-layered circuit boards, and the plant is now under construction. We believe that the public report "Performance Express" meets expectations, and that the current Pcb Pcb flagship project, the Nanton II project and the non-Sitic envelope project, guarantee the company ' s future capacity.
The Annual Report performance guidelines will be substantially revised and companies will be fully equipped to accelerate the trend towards national production of the 5g+ semiconductor, pcb in the country.