Performance meets expectations, 5g operations drive a new round of growth
Corporate rating: Increase (maintain) company reports mid-2019. Business income realized in the first half of 2019 billion yuan, an increase of 68.02 per cent over the same period; net profit withheld from parent company 4.39 per cent
1. The performance in the first half of the year was in line with expectations and the 5g communications operations continued to be high. Research Assistant: Wei Daes Division maintained a high growth performance in the first half of the year, with 60 per cent of income from communications pcb operations.
The main reason is that 1) the company ' s 5g communications pcb product is gradually moving from a small batch phase to a bulk phase, with high-intelligence, high-frequency high-speed (auu, pcb) high-value-added orders raised; 2) the new plant is leading to an increase in performance.
The production capacity of the South Chinatron I was on a smooth slope, with a 90% capacity utilization rate, the company qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, above, H1 received about $505 million, and the South Chinaton II pcb plant is already operating.
Inputs will continue to add to the company’s performance. Deep South circuit depth study – 49 patents for steady quality competitions, and 27 patents for inventions, with strong subsequent growth momentum.
The 5g took a photo of the construction period and raised 1,064 million yuan in debt for the second phase of the construction of Nanton, which is expected to take one or two years, with a total profit of 299 million yuan for the completion of the production, with a strong future performance growth.
The company created a leading company for the country’s pcb, which benefited from the construction period of 5g, which clearly showed a huge future of business space and maintained an “enhanced” rating. Since the open compliance channel, the report’s analytical logic is based on my professional understanding, and it clearly and accurately reflects his research views, with no third party to draw conclusions.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.