Deep South Circuit (002916) Electronics continues to outperform expectations, multi-factor resonance opens up growth space, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a semi-annual performance forecast, with a projected net profit of $420 million to 480 million in the first half of 2019, together with demand and supply, supporting high performance growth. On the demand side, the first half of the year resulted in a high level of wireless investment due to a 4g wide and deep coverage demand, with a national mobile communications base in January-May 2019.
In the meantime, on 6 June 2019, the country officially issued 5g commercial licence plates, and the three major domestic operators began to move fast to build 5g, while the demand for major equipment stores increased, leading to a relatively full supply of company orders and a high level of capacity utilization.
By the first quarter of 2019, the production circuit board plant had contributed to more than 90% of the production capacity, leading to an increase in operating income and profits over the same period of the previous year. • Multifactory resonance, creating a favourable environment for the rapid development of the domestic pcb sector.
The impact of dividends, capital and industrial group advantages, strong demand, etc., and the continued concentration of global production in the pcb industry (especially high-technology content, such as high-strength panels, scratchboards, envelopes etc.) in Asian regions such as mainland China, where pcb firms have experienced large-scale expansion over the past 10 years, with industry rising.
20 percentage points. Second, increasingly stringent environmental requirements to increase the input and operation of pcb firms raise access thresholds, production capacity converges gradually towards the forefront, and strong will continue. Meanwhile, the 5g and auto electronization will boost the pcb industry.
• High-quality products are built to protect the river, and the expansion of production provides for high-performance growth. At the same time, companies have a long line of niches, high-quality customers, high-quality clients, technological leadership, and strong capital.
Three major production bases for tin-free and south-tons, with the Southton and tin-free factories collecting production energy for new capacity-building, and alternative opportunities for 4g, 5g wireless station construction and the nationalization of the ic plate, are expected to build the pcb tap in the future in the context of major industry opportunities (2019-03-13)
2. Deep South Circuit (002916): Performance is bright, and no direct or indirect compensation has been obtained for the high-quality 5-g race track (2018-10-23) nor for any of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.