Deep South Circuit (002916), semi-annual performance forecast for 2019: 5g drives profit growth, looking at performance in the second half of the year. Performance in the first half of the year maintains a high rate of growth, overall in line with expectations. The company expects to achieve return in the first half of 2019.
Wei Hongmei, the national communications pcb leader, has increased performance in building 5g. The company is a national print circuit board leader, owns a printed circuit board, seals a base plate and electronics combines three operations, making it unique.
In the downstream sector, the company's pcb product is dominated by enterprise-level applications, of which pcb accounts for nearly 60% of the revenue. In addition, downstream customers are industry champions (s03401186023).
In the 5-g era, base stations were built in a significant increase compared to 4g, and 5g products were characterized by mimo antenna technology, high-speed/high-frequency high-capacity applications, high-intensity cluster networks, and thus special materials for pcb were processed and produced.
In the first half of the year, the country’s 5-g construction began to spread, and the company’s 5-g product has gradually moved into smaller volumes since the first quarter, partly into bulk production, with a higher share of revenue, leading to the same company’s performance.
On July 12, 2019, Nantong factory contributed additional production capacity, generating revenue and profit gains. The company was well organized, covering a wide range of downstream customers, and survived in Long Kong, Shenzhen, Jiang Su-jin and Nantong.
Of these, Shenzhen Longang Base currently has three operations, pcb, pcb, and tinless production base has two operations, pcb, pcba, and a pcb fund-raising project is under way; while Nantong Base is dominated by pcb, and the Yutsun II Tpcb plant has been launched, with major products
For 5g communications, the server produces high-speed high-density multi-layered circuit boards. According to company announcements, the climb of the production capacity of South Pass I is progressing well, with a capacity utilization rate of more than 90% as at 31 March 2019, and a 5g license plate is officially issued almost six months earlier than the market generally expected.
Official distribution, which helps to dispel doubts about the progress of building 5g in the country's industrial chain, helps to speed up the construction of 5g in industrial chain enterprises and achieve 5g commercialization as soon as possible. At the beginning of this year, three major mobile/connected/telecommunication operators indicated that they would build 30-50,000 or 20,000 5g base stations in 2019.
As the license plate was issued much earlier than expected, the move at the end of June raised the projected number of base stations to “over 50,000” and the possibility of additional investment is also expected, as connectivity/telecommunication is expected to increase. As the construction of 5g within the country accelerates, the company’s profits are expected to continue at a pace that is favourable to its performance in the second half of the year.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.