Performance is on top of the steering zone and continues to look after performance throughout the year. Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2019. The company achieved operating income of $4,792 million in the first half of 2019.
The first half of the year was on the forecast, with q2 generating a single-season maximum profit level. Previously, the company expected a net return profit of 284 million yuan, an increase of 74.09 per cent, the highest single-quarter record of the company, three major businesses steadily developed and profitability increased. Beneficiary 5g boosted downstream demand.
Long, during the reporting period, the company’s three main businesses grew steadily and its operating income increased. The company’s three main operations – printing circuit boards, seal boards, and electronic assembly – accounted for 501 million yuan in revenue from the main business during the reporting period, an increase of 29.70 per cent over the same period.
The main product of the company's foundation-based business, where the company continues to have a leading advantage in terms of technology and production, is the main business income of $570 million, an increase of 42.96 per cent from the previous year. Business growth is mainly due to increased demand for goods in the communications sector.
The increase is evident in Māori rates and net interest rates of 23.80 per cent and 9.84 per cent, respectively, during the reporting period, both of which were marketed and continued to benefit 5g. Companies focused on autonomous innovation and continued to increase R&D inputs around 5g. During the reporting period, R&D investments by companies amounted to 230 million dollars, an increase of 38.73 per cent, or 38.73 per cent, over the same period.
4.81% of total receipts; 49 new authorized patents, 27 inventions and 2 new pct patents. At the beginning of the year, the three major mobile/connected/telecommunication operators indicated that 30-50 thousand or 20,000 5g base stations would be completed in 2019, and as the licence plates were issued much earlier than expected, they moved at the end of June.
It is expected that the number of base sites will increase to “more than 50,000” and that connectivity/telecommunication will also increase, with the possibility of additional investment. As the country’s 5g construction accelerates, the company’s profits are expected to continue at a rate of 43 times and 32 times, respectively, with a “careful recommendation” rating.
First half of the year 2019: 5g to boost profit growth, looking at the second half of the year.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.