Performance of 19H1 slightly exceeded expectations, 5g business share continued upscaling
Recently, in mid-2019, the deep south circuits released: revenues of $4,792 million, an increase of 47.90 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $471 million, an increase of 68.02 per cent in the same year; net profits of $439 million, an increase of 68.54 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from operating activities of $471 million, an increase of 26.24 per cent in the same year; basic ps
\triangleright disclosed in its performance forecast that 19h1 was attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of $420.53 million.
476.6 million yuan, a 50-70 per cent increase over the same period. Real performance is near the upper limit of the zone. The significant increase in performance is mainly attributable to: (1) the start-up of the first phase of the south front factory in 18 and a half years, the continued release of new production capacity, the filling of the production capacity pcb order and the high capacity utilization rate; and (3) 5g orders starting to contribute to income, as a percentage of the ratio.
Upgraded, 4g communications pcb demand remained relatively stable; (4) goods exported directly to North America accounted for less than 5 per cent of revenues during the reporting period and were less directly affected by the economic and trade frictions.
Billion dollars, 74.09 per cent in the same year, and 52.21 per cent in the ring. 19h1roe, 11.76 per cent in the pantry, has become the world ' s leading radio base station radio-frequency (RF) pcb supplier, the major aerospace utility supplier in the Asia-Pacific region, and the leading domestic processor chip-packing base.
Pcb, which drives demand in the areas of communications, servers, etc., has maintained high growth, 5g products have started mass production with a revenue of 3.5228 billion pcb, an increase of 53.44 per cent over the same period, benefiting from demand for communications, servers, etc.; Māori 24.48 per cent, an increase of 0.57 pct over the same period. 19H1 NBC output continues to climb up the slope and produce capacity.
1. Deep South Circuit (002916) is at a high level of utilization; the Southton II project is under construction, with a total investment of $1,246 million, to be issued
Transferable debt collection does not exceed $1.520 billion (currently accepted by the CVM), mainly for communications equipment products following the construction of the 5g network; demand for communications products remained stable for 4g in the first half of the year, 5g communications pcb products moved from small batches to bulk production, and 5g products received a higher share of income.
Super-expected performance, profiting from 5g commercial trends Rapid growth of the enveloped base plate, with most of the proceeds from the mems enveloped base plate income of $501 million, an increase of 29.70 per cent over the same period, the beneficiary fingerprint category, the radio frequency module category, storage
Products such as class have grown faster; the Māori rate is 27.82%, a decrease of 1.22 ptts over the same period.
Cellular radio frequency module covers; high-end storage chip envelopes have been produced on a volume scale and processors have been equipped with capacity to produce them. In June 19, the ipo collection project, a tin-free base plate plant, entered the experimental production phase and is currently in the production uphill phase, with the product mainly a storage block.
\triangleright continued to raise R & D investment by $570 million, an increase of 42.96 per cent over the same period, resulting in an increase in demand in beneficiary areas of communication; Māori rate is 17.50 per cent.
There was a long-term collaboration between the company and Hua Dao, General Electric, etc.. Research and development for the reporting period increased by $230 million, or 38.73 per cent, and the percentage of receipts was 4.81 per cent. Forty-nine new authorized patents were added during the reporting period, 27 new inventions and 2 new international pct patents.
The top tier can be 120 floors, and the bulk production layer can reach 68 floors, far above the industry average.
Quality stability, based on the elasticity of company performance growth, and maintenance of company “recommended” ratings.1 Increased industry competition: 2, less than expected: 3, risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: 4, author with qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,