Mid-Crystal International (688981.sh) Continental Crystal Circle Leader, landing board sailing, 27th of August 2020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In addition, the semiconductor industry is warming, there is a clear trend towards substitution of domestic production, domestic policies are heavily supported, and there is a great deal of international effort to create crystal circle.
With the growth of emerging markets such as artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, and 5g, the global integrated circuits sector has grown steadily, the domestic integrated circuits have grown faster than the global one and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future. Rapid growth in the domestic integrated circuits industry has not yet fully met growing market demand, accelerating national production has been beneficial.
Domestic policies actively support the development of integrated circuits. Crystal circle manufacturing is at the heart of the integrated circuit industrial chain, with industries moving from the idm model to vertical division of labour, and moving towards regional industrial chains in the future. The global pure crystal round is growing rapidly, with a clear shift towards China.
In the 5g era, new applications such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence, driven by new demands, have emerged from 2020-08, which has gradually become the driving force for technological change in the integrated circuit industry. The crystal circle industry is characterized by high barriers, a monopoly, and is expected to increase in concentration in the future.
Income, Māori, process, R & D inputs, and capacity are far ahead of each other, and there is still a large gap between China and China.
The global market size of 14nm and below is expected to grow rapidly in the future, and companies are expected to benefit from a full one-stop finfet solution for their clients. The company is now full of orders, close to full production lines, and is on the market at the same time, raising funds to drive advanced R & D, actively expanding production capacity, 2020.
This expenditure was further raised from $4.3 billion to $6.7 billion, with future growth likely.1 The continental crystal circle leads to steady growth, 1.1 and the continental crystal round leads, with 20 years of thin hair.
The company is the most technologically advanced, large-scale, well-equipped, multi-nationalized, professional crystal-crystal miller on the mainland. Established in 2000 and developed over 20 years, it is now one of the world’s leading integrated circuit-crys, one of the world’s leading industries, and one of China’s most technologically advanced, large-scale, well-equipped and transnational operators.
In 2000, the company was built in Shanghai at Dong Kai, Shanghai, and was the first company in mainland China to provide 0.18 μme technology nodes. In 2001, the company completed the construction of an 8-inch production base in Shanghai: 2002, the company
In the same year, the company’s 12-inch production base in Beijing held a full-scale technical certification and volume production of rice – 0.13 crores, marking the initial build-up of the company’s integrated circuit crystal round replacement technology. In 2004, the company made its first profit and was listed at Hong Kong’s joint office with the United States of America.
(2) Accumulation period (2004-20015): Since 2004, the company’s 12-inch production base in Beijing has been gradually put into production. The successful landing of 12-inch integrated circuit crystal round engineering operations is an important milestone in the company’s development process, marking the company becoming an 8-inch and 12-inch integrated circuit crystal dryer.
The company ' s annual operating income exceeded $1 billion for the first time, and in 2006, 2009 and 2011 it was able to achieve 90 nanom, 65/55 nanom, 45/40 nanom upgrading and volume production, respectively, resulting in a cross-cutting increase in its technical services capacity, and in 2013 the company ' s annual operating income exceeded $2 billion for the first time.
In 2017, the company ' s annual operating revenue broke out by $3 billion. In 2019, the company made significant progress towards 14 nanometres.
Figure 2: The company has gone through three periods since its inception, starting at a high rate of growth starting in 2015, and figure 3: The growth rate of revenue and net profits in the company ' s history has fluctuated considerably.
Integrated circuit crystallizers are the company's main business, while companies are also working on a platform-based eco-service model that provides clients with design services and one-stop packages such as ip support, photo masking, convex processing and testing, and promotes upstream-downstream cooperation in the integrated circuit industry chain, working with partners in the various links of the industry chain.
Clients provide a full range of integrated circuit solutions. Figure 4: The company mainly provides integrated circuit crystal-crystal-crystal industries. The company owns several plants. The company now owns four 300mm crystal-crys (2 in Beijing, 2 in Shanghai),
Three 200 mm crystal mills (one each in Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen) and one 300 mm congee processing plant (the Gang Sujiang), provide clients with the services of 0.35 μm-14nm over technical nodes, crystal round workers from different process platforms and a global service base.
Figure 5: Companies own multi-generational plants around the world. Figure 6: The international production line in the center core has been growing since 2000. The equity structure of the company has been fragmented, with the first two shareholders in the country.
The two major shareholders are Da Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Hong Kong) and Xingxi (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd. (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Hong Kong) (Hong Kong), which hold 15.77 and 14.62% of the shares respectively.
Investment funds (large fund), led by the Ministry of Trade and Communications and the Ministry of Finance, both of which have a national background, with a large and dispersed number of remaining shareholders.
Figure 8: Grand Tang Telecom has been a major shareholder in China Harbour International since 2008, 1.2, with a steady increase in revenue in recent years, a relatively high share of crystal round workers and domestic income, and a more robust corporate harvest in recent years, with negative depreciation pressures and increased investment in research and development.
Losses in 2018 and 2019 resulted from higher depreciation pressures on companies due to the expansion of production lines for advanced and mature processes, which did not reflect a scale effect, on the one hand, and from rising corporate R & D inputs and rising R & D costs, on the other.
Figure 9: Firm growth in corporate revenue 93.1% per year, domestic revenue 59.4%, while the major distribution areas abroad are the United States, and the United States region accounted for 26.4% in 2019, so changes in demand in the United States and the impact of policies on companies
Smart phones and consumer electronics contributions are mainly collected, mature and sophisticated. The company has the capacity to produce a variety of technology platforms that can provide customers with integrated circuit crystal roundworks and ancillary services in different product end-use areas such as communication products, consumer goods, automobiles, industry, and computers.
The share of communications products and consumer goods received was higher, at 45.70 per cent, 34.29 per cent, respectively, and downstream smartphones and removal lines, with 50 per cent of the company ' s 90nm or more in 2019. Figure 15: 90nm or more or 50 per cent (2019)
Figure 16: Smart phones and consumer e-consumption major revenue (2019) Growing capacity, increasing fixed asset input, increasing depreciation costs and delaying corporate Maori rates in order to meet the growing demand of clients.
The crystal circle is promising, the center core international has a long way to go. 2.1. Integrated circuit markets are wide, and national policies actively support the global integrated circuit industry market as artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, 5g, etc., evolves.
As the foundation and core of the global information industry, integrated circuits are known as “food for modern industries” with wide applications in electronics, communications, military, etc., and are of strategic importance and central importance to economic development, social development and national security.
Or the importance of regional modernization and combined power, the core integrated circuits chain is divided into three main components: integrated circuit design, integrated circuit manufacturing, and encapsulation testing. As new applications such as 5g, object networking, artificial intelligence, etc., continue to evolve, the global integrated circuits market is growing in size as a whole.
According to data, global IC sales grew from $23.82 billion in 2012 to $39.33 billion in 2018, or 8.72% in Cagr. In China, ICL sales grew faster than in the world as a whole.
According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, the sale of the Chinese integrated circuit industry grew from RMB 215.8 billion in 2012 to RMB 653.1 billion in 2018, with capr reaching 20.3 per cent.
In 2016, 2017 and 2018, China ' s integrated circuit industry sold 433.6 billion yuan, 541.1 billion yuan and 653.1 billion yuan, respectively, at a rate of 20 per cent, 25 per cent and 21 per cent respectively, with markets growing at a significantly higher rate than the global total.
Figure 19: Stable growth of the global integrated circuits sector market in China will continue to grow at a high rate in the future. According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, the largest three applications in the national integrated circuit industry in mid-2018 were in the area of network communications, computer fields, and consumer electronics.
In the future, as automobile intelligence, electronicization, automation and other emerging areas of artificial intelligence, object networking and 5g grow, the market size of integrated circuits will continue to expand, and the field of application will continue to expand. According to the Central Core International Investor Relations Report, China's integrated circuitic design/ic manufacturing/ic
The rapid growth of the integrated circuit industry on mainland China has not yet fully met growing market demand, and the acceleration of the national production process has helped to reduce the supply and demand gap. Imports of the integrated circuit on mainland China reached $312.1 billion in 2018.
In recent years, the country has adopted industrial policies to promote the development of the integrated circuit industry in a market-driven manner.
In June 2014, the State Council issued the National Integrated Circuit Development Promotion Programme, which sets out the development goals of the integrated circuit industry for the next few years, until 2020.
The 16/14nm manufacturing process achieved volume-scale production, the integrated circuit industry chain reached international sophistication in 2030, and a group of enterprises entered the first international development ladder to cross development.
On 4 August 2020, the State Department issued a Circular on the Issuance of Policies to Promote the Quality Development of the Integrated Circuit Industry and Software Industry during the New Period.
Taxes, investment financing, talent, markets, etc., favouring and supporting the integrated circuit industry. Table 2: The New Deal for Integrated Circuits, in which the State explicitly provides services and guidance for major integrated circuit projects, 2.2. Crystal circle manufacturing is the core of the integrated circuit industry chain, with a steady growth in the size of the crystal circle.
Integrated circuit industry chains include core industrial chains, supporting industrial chains, and supply chains. Core industrial chains include integrated circuit design, manufacturing and containment tests, supporting industrial chains including integrated circuit materials, equipment, eda, ip nuclear, etc., and demand chains include communications products, consumer electronics, computing chip fields, automobiles/industry.
Figure 24: Integrated circuit industrial chains include core industrial chains, supporting industrial chains, and demand industrial chains.
The process of forming a particular integrated circuit structure in large quantities on a circle, with its high technical content, complex processes and critical importance in the process of chip production, is represented by the width of the line between transistors, which is the main indicator for measuring the level of the integrated circuit manufacturing process.
Punctuation. Line width refers to the minimum width of an integrated circuit that can be built on an integrated circle, as in the case of the cos process, which is typically the length of the grid length of the transistor made for the process. As advanced light-engineing techniques, 3d containment techniques, etc., emerge, the various advanced processes are being improved and refined, and the integrated circuits are already 0.35 microns at the beginning of the century.
The cos process has been developed to the nanoscale finfet process, while the diameter of the crystal circle as the basis of the integrated circuit has grown from the original 6 inches to the current 12 inches. Currently, the top 10 crystal round producers in the world are advanced in active layout, reaching the most advanced mass-production integrated circuit manufacturing process in the world.
From rice to 5 nanometres, 3 nanotechnologies are expected to enter the market by 2022. The searchry model is now dominated by the integrated circuit manufacturing chain. The business model of the integrated circuit manufacturing enterprise consists of two main models: 1)idm, the vertically integrated manufacturing model, which covers the clusters of industrial chains.
All the components of a built circuit design, manufacturing, sealing and so on, the integrated circuit enterprises under this model are typical of the heavy capital model, with high demand for R & D capabilities, financial strength and technological level, and therefore the enterprises using idm are mostly the traditional giants of the global chip industry, including Intel, Samsung Electronics, etc.; and 2) the searchry model, i.e., the Foundry model.
The crystal circle model, which focuses only on the integrated circuit manufacturing chain, stems from the specialization of the integrated circuit industrial chain, the division of labour, the creation of a crystal-free-crystal design company, a crystal-crystal engineering firm, and an encapsulation-testing company. In this case, the crystal-crystal-free-crystal design company is engaged in the design and sale of integrated circuits.
At present, the world's leading crystal-crystal-cylinder industry has grown from power generation, Grovend, U.S. Electronics and Central Cube International to a number of industry-specific divisions with a vertical division of labour from the Idm model, moving from a global division of labour to a regional integration of industrial chains.
The reason for this is that, as manufacturing processes rise, the production lines of integrated circuits, process R & D, and the need for talent and capital are increasing, most of the Idm cannot afford the risks associated with large investments. Competition between countries in the future is increasingly reflected in competition for technological power, with the semiconductor industry acting as a semiconductor.
The underlying industries for science and technology development are now the focus of competition among countries. The Wanassen agreement abroad and the sanctions imposed on China reflect the importance of creating a domestic chain of self-controlled semi-conductors, the most critical link in the industrial chain, and the inevitable trend of future regionalization of the industrial chain.
Table 3: The global integrated circuit industry will move from a global division of labour to a regional integration of industrial chains (1) Industrial development stage in the 1950s, when integrated circuits were born in the United States. As an emerging technology, R & D, manufacturing, etc., is dominated by a small number of large firms and production.
The equipment, materials and manufacturing process technologies used are also highly specialized, and enterprises that are able to develop the integrated circuit industry initially possess only a full range of technologies, including product design, industrial chains integrated into one-stop R & D, processing and manufacturing, and large companies with integrated circuit materials and equipment (idm - vertically integrated manufacturing plants);
(2)idm ' s involvement in the integrated circuit industry is a service to its own electronic whole-office products, such as electronics, telecommunications equipment, home appliances, etc., to the 1970s, thereby increasing the added value of its whole-office product and upgrading it.
(a) Functions and quality, lower production costs and competition for markets;
(i) The rise of the sealing industry: since the 1970s, increased competition in the industry and the growing maturity of the encapsulation test process have gradually shifted to the process, production management, equipment manufacturing and raw material technology of the encapsulation test; and idm has focused on core advantages to reduce business risks,
(b) The rise of the design industry: in the 1980s, as computer-assisted engineering (cae), ancillary design (cad) and process simulations, imitation, etc. Design, manufacturing, sealing methods enabled integrated circuit design to be conducted independently of the production process, while at the same time responding to product diversification trends, a large number of specialized integrated circuit design companies
(iii) The emergence of the manufacturing industry: in the 1980s, as manufacturing processes rose, the production lines of integrated circuits, process R & D and the talent and capital needed to date)
Increasing demand, most of which are unwilling or unable to absorb the risks associated with large investments, has focused only on the emergence of integrated circuit chip-making enterprises; (4) sealing of industrial transfers: in the early stages of development of the encapsulation testing industry, technical and financial thresholds are low, more human and land resources are needed, Malaysia, the Philippines, mainland China and Taiwan have a strong comparative cost advantage, and local governments strongly support and encourage integrated circuit industry development, thus global integration.
The circuit industry’s encapsulation testing chain has shifted significantly to these regions, and the Asia-Pacific region has rapidly developed into a global integrated circuit containment base; most of these countries or regions have developed design and manufacturing on the basis of the encapsulation testing industry, resulting in a three-pronged pattern. The semiconductor industry chain has moved from a global division of labour to a regional integration of key chains.
Regionally integrated industrial chains, as the basis for technological development, are now the focus of competition among countries. The “Wanason Agreement” and the sanctions imposed on China abroad demonstrate the importance of a self-controlled semiconductor industrial chain in the domestic context (future trends), where semiconductor manufacturing is the most critical link in the industrial chain, and the future regionalization of industrial chains is the inevitable trend.
The round manufacturing market is growing rapidly. According to the icinsights data, the global net crystal round labour market was about $36.2 billion in 2013, $57.6 billion in 2018 and 8.1 per cent in 2013-2018. By forming symbiotic relationships with customers such as the Crystalless Circle Design Company, the crystal circle industry can benefit from the first increase in emerging applications.
China’s transgenic industrial sector started late, but it is growing at a faster pace, and there is a clear trend toward the transfer of the semiconductor industrial sector to China. According to China’s semiconductor industry association, the manufacturing industry in China’s integrated circuit industry achieved sales of 181.8 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 25.55 per cent compared to the 2013 figure of 60.1 billion yuan.
Cagr reached 24.78 per cent, achieving high and steady growth rates faster than the global rate. Figure 26: Global crystal round industrial markets growing at a steady scale. Figure 27: China’s continental crystal round industrial sector is growing faster.
The world will gradually enter the 5g era, and new applications such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and big data, driven by new needs, such as the networking of things, will gradually become the driving force for the new generation of technological change in the integrated circuit industry. According to the Chinese Information and Communications Technology Institute ' s White Paper on the Economic and Social Impact of 5g, 5g commercials are expected to drive the Chinese city in 2020.
The direct output of the field, estimated at $484 billion, grew to $6.3 trillion in 2030, with 29% cagr. The formal commercialization of 5g will create additional opportunities and challenges for the listing of new chips. The continuous expansion of the area of downstream applications of integrated circuits has led to a sustained surge in market demand. At the same time, it has been accompanied by a global rise in the number of integrated circuits.
Capital investment is strong and the landscape of the integrated circuit industry is expected to remain on the rise, favouring integrated circuit manufacturing. The crystal circle industry has a higher concentration of markets and continues to grow as technology nodes rises.
Mediumly high, with a clear industrial oligopoly feature. According to icinsights, in 2018, the global market was pure crystal, with a total of 97% of the world’s industrial congener cr. The top five manufacturers (power builder, Grovend, U.S.C., C.I., J.T.) accounted for 88% of the global market’s market share.
China is the world’s fourth largest market for pure crystal round workers, with China’s pure crystal round labour market accounting for 59% of the world’s share. China’s China market for pure crystal round jobs ranked first among mainland Chinese firms.
18% of the share is in the top position of domestic firms, and as the technology nodes are shrinking, capital investment in integrated circuit manufacturing equipment will grow, and market concentration will increase further in the future.
As the technology nodes up to 5 nm or even smaller, ordinary light machines are limited by their wavelengths and are no longer capable of meeting process requirements. Therefore, integrated circuits require expensive ultra-violet light engravings.
Or use multiple template processes to repeat multiple membrane depositions and etching processes to achieve smaller linear widths, resulting in a significant increase in the number of membrane depositions and etchings, which means that integrated circuit manufacturing companies need to invest more and more advanced light etching machines, etching equipment and membrane deposition equipment, etc., causing huge equipment inputs.
Investment costs are tens of billions of dollars, more than twice as much as 14 nanometres, and about four times as much as 28 nanometres. Large amounts of equipment are affordable only for front-sized integrated circuit manufacturers, which further exacerbates the tendency of the integrated circuit manufacturing industry to concentrate on the head, creating good opportunities for the development of the head integrated circuit manufacturing enterprise.
Figure 30: As the technology nodes shrink, the input of equipment made by integrated circuits tends to increase significantly 2.4. The power build-up advantage is clear, with multiple indicators leading the way.
The main crystal-crystal industries are power stations, Grovender, U.S. Electronics, China Harbour International, Crystal Technology, China Rainbow Group, High Tower Semiconductor. One of them, as the leading sheep in the industry, is a remote leader. In terms of asset size, in 2019 it was $528.5 billion, far ahead of other companies, is China Harbour International (114.8 billion).
In 2019, the revenue from electricity generation was 24.6 billion yuan, 11.2 times that of Mid-Chu International (22 billion yuan). Because depreciation and amortization have a greater impact on the company’s net profits, ebitda is a better indicator of comparison.
In 2019, the ebitda was $158.3 billion, 16.5 times more than in 2019 (9.6 billion yuan in 2019), and the ratio between the ebitdas was greater than the ratio between the two, because the Māori rate of power production was higher than in the middle core, and the trend towards the growth in the middle core is beginning to rise. The trend in the roe decline has not changed in recent years.
Good, there is still a large gap between China Harbour International and the Uttar Pradesh Electronics and Stations, with an international core of 21.6 per cent/4.7 per cent/3.8 per cent in 2019.
There's a big difference between power and power. The power supply has remained at around 50% of the Māori rate, well above the industry average, while the Māori rate in 2019 was 21% in China and cost control was significantly better than in China.
Interest rate levels, small fluctuations, are influenced by the industry cycle. The power on the table is significantly higher. There is a high degree of consistency between the central core and the combined power on the grid. The power on the table is maintained up to 20%, approximately seven times higher than that on the middle core and the combined power.
Figure 35: The highest rates of Māori production in power generation, the second highest in power generation, and the second highest in medium core, but the highest in international research and development costs. The highest in comparable companies, with $21.1 billion in research and development in 2019, is 4.5 times the link.
China Electronics is the surrogate that is now the closest to the technology of the center core international, and the closest to the center core international, except that there is a gap between the maturity of the most advanced process in the center core international and the connection. In order to reduce the technological gap in competition with the international community, the center core international has significantly increased its R & D investment, amounting to $4.7 billion in 2019.
Second on comparable companies. At the same time, the R & D rate is the highest among comparable companies, with R & D rates of 17 per cent, 19 per cent and 22 per cent respectively in 2017-2019, while the rest of the companies have R & D rates between 5 and 10 per cent.
The middle core international fixed asset turnover has been on a downward trend since 2013, pulling the gap between power and power generation, combined with low stock turnover. The low middle core international fixed asset turnover is related to its increased R & D investment, and net fixed assets have increased significantly in the context of maintaining the momentum of research and development and the continuous acquisition of new equipment to build new plants, while net fixed assets have increased considerably.
The rate of increase in revenue does not match the rate of increase in fixed assets, and the rate of turnover of fixed assets naturally follows downwards. At a later stage, as middle core international purchases of new equipment, construction in progress and conversion to fixed assets slow down, depreciation increases, collection levels rise, and the trend of fixed asset turnover will gradually increase.
Figure 39: The fixed asset turnover rate continues to decline due to R & D inputs. Figure 40: Medium core international inventory turnover is at a lower level.
After a wave of recovery in 2018, the recovery was quickly made in 2019. In late 2019, the international core valuation was in figure 42: three companies started to upgrade up after 2016, and the advanced process was developed to produce without crowding out medium- and low-end processes from the market. Not in the short term.
The immediate transition to an advanced process has led to an increase in the share of the market in the advanced process as a direct result of the increase in the market share of the chip as a whole, creating the scene where the stock market coexists with the incremental market. According to semiconductor industry observations, the size of the stock market at the lower end of the process (40nm) has not changed much since 2000.
The power supply has been developed every 2-3 years since 2000 and is more advanced and yielding, with a similar ratio of 2-3 years from realization to peak collection, 7 nm in 2018, and nearly 20% increase in revenue in 2019. The power supply has grown from systematic research to real production.
In the same process, CKI has achieved 28nm process output from 2015 to 2019.
Quantities are achieved annually. However, the 14nm process technology at China Cube International has been able to meet 95% of the country's demand, and while the euv lumbers purchased by China Cube from Asml have been in a state of supply, the current wavelength 193 nm can also be manufactured at 7 nm, and the first generation 7nm process at the station is done with duv luminum.
The price of single-crystal circle sales is on the decline, power generation is on the rise, and the core country is on the rise.
This is the clear difference between the international long-term workers and the meso-producer-generation plant, mainly because the power generation leads the development of the advanced process, and the other plants have been on the track to catch up with the power. The main production income for the center core international is 0.15/0.18um, which is now 40 nm, the crystal round of the more advanced process.
The higher the unit price. Mid-Cryp International is in the process of accelerating advanced research and development, and it is expected to reverse the current downward trend in the future. Utility and China-Cryp International are different in their approach to the process, maintaining advanced process yields in 2017 and 2018, but stopped in 2019, focusing on increasing the maturity of the current process and slowing progress on the advanced process.
The combined electricity is close to the price of a single crystal round at the center core International. Calculates the price of a single crystal round at each generation of plants, approximating the main income by dividing it by the current year's output, as the price of a single crystal round.
3.1. The high size of the Finfet market and the expansion of the company’s productive capacity drive the future growth of the company, which is expected to benefit from the industry’s expected high future growth in the size of the global 14nm market and below. According to data reported by middle-core international investors, the global finfet market generated $21.07 billion in 2020.
To benefit from the increased use of high-performance computing applications, rapid growth is expected over the next five years, with a projected 14 per cent capr. The company, on the one hand, offers a comprehensive one-stop finfet solution for its clients: the company is the only Finnfet photo-coated human team in mainland China that develops a new generation of n+1 chips, significantly increasing the transistor density per unit area compared to the previous technology.
At the same time, different vt options are available to meet the needs of different market applications and are now in the customer import phase, figure 45: companies ensure long-term co-winners by providing a one-stop finfet comprehensive solution to their customers. There is still a large gap between the company's capacity and that of the global flagship.
In 2019, the capacity of power generation was 27,967,000 tablets/year at about 8 inches, and the U.S. electronic capacity was 81,488,000 tablets/year at 5.1/1.5 times the rate of 54,822 units/year, respectively, but the share of the electronic market in the power supply/U.S.E. was 9.8 times/1.5 times the share of the C.I. So the level of the process is an important factor in the market, because it is important for the market.
A positive growth in corporate output could be expected to drive a new round of growth. According to the company’s 2020q2 performance statement, the company further increased its capital spending, which was planned to rise from $4.3 billion to $6.7 billion in 2020.
At the end of the year, 15,000 units per month of advanced production capacity were created, with China-King International, 12 inches and 8 inches expanding capacity, and at the end of 2020, 30,000 inches per month of mature production. The 12 inch was expanded to 20,000 in months.
The stock build-up of the order was not expected to result in a backlog of 98.8 per cent and 98.5 per cent of capacity utilization in the last two quarters, respectively, and the missing portion was used for research and development and was running at full capacity.
On May 5, 2020, China and China announced that they were on the board and raised $52.5 billion, of which the original plan was to raise 200 dollars.
Billion dollars, over $32.5 billion. About 40% of $20 billion is invested in the 12-inch chip sn1 project (the 14nm and below advanced process at the Sn1 plant in the Central and South China countries), about 20% in reserves for advanced and mature process R&D projects, and about 40% in replenishment of liquidity.
The "12-inch chip sn1 project" is the main platform for the development and volume of advanced processes 14nm and below in China-Cryspin International, the implementation of which will lead to a significant upgrading of the company's crystal-round technology and its market position in the field of global high-end chip manufacturing; and the reserve funds for advanced and mature process R&D projects will be used on the one hand.
(c) Companies are at a high pace of development, with high demand for operating capital and a rising proportion of current liabilities, which are being financed to supplement liquidity.
It helps to improve the company’s capital structure and its ability to operate in a more risk-resistant manner.1 The company’s advanced process of research and development is progressing well, and 14 nm production is improving successfully.
(b) Māori rates remained stable as depreciation amortization slowed down in 2020 and 2019. Companies are the only suppliers in mainland China with 14 nm and below chip preparation technology while acting as rows.
In addition, the semiconductor industry is warming up, there is a clear trend towards substitution of national production, and domestic policies strongly support integrated circuits.
In 2020-2022, we expect companies to achieve a certain valuation premium for each of them, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating. The risks of trade friction between Central America and the US, less progress in research and development than expected, and the risks associated with the impact of the new crown epidemic.