20q2 performances were in line with expectations, high demand for mature and advanced processes Performances were in line with expectations, steady growth in corporate revenue Reclamation demand, and capacity utilization was maintained at more than 98 per cent for two consecutive quarters, with downstream pmic,
Market value in circulation (millions): The demand for cós and object networking remains strong, with a consumer-type rounding ratio of +7%. Income from advanced production of 14/28nm has continued to grow steadily, with a quarterly round growth rate of 21%.
Depreciation results in an overall Māori rate of pressure, with medium- and long-term income growth accelerating to cover cost pressures for a period of six years, with eight inches of depreciation for used equipment, and depreciation resulting from capital expenditure that is significantly increased in the short term putting some pressure on Māori rates and net interest rates, which companies can mitigate in the medium and long term through various improvements.
See, given that the demand of emerging markets on top of 5g continues to grow and expand as domestic 5g infrastructure progresses, leading offshore firms have expressed optimism about the utilization of mature and advanced process energy, which is expected to increase the growth in revenue to cover the cost of depreciation.
In the depth of the chip series: the crystal circle industrial code.
Crystal circle intergenerationals are the “centre” that connects upstream design and downstream applications, and central core international surrogate capabilities are upgraded. Cube infrastructure series depth: a map of semiconductor equipment investment means that the level of the semiconductor industry in the continent as a whole is higher.
The core is built at depths: a map of semiconductor material investment, which pulls down devices, materials, seals, and technology overlaps. The center core international advanced process has been able to upgrade the national production semiconductor development potential and growth space, with a synergy of national production equipment and materials.
Designed ic: When national production replaces the right time, a double-dimension supplier can be expected to make progress together.
Advanced process development progress risks; external shocks risks; patents and technology risks. 1. Income and capacity growth is steady, with nearly full capacity growth of 1.1 operating income, with capacity utilization of 98.6 per cent
The company’s revenues grew steadily in the first half of 2020, reaching $939 million in the q2 season, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same period, and $138 million in profits from parent companies. The industrial sector is expected to continue to benefit from a strong demand in the first half of the year and in the coming years, such as 5g downstream, physical networking, ai, etc.
At present, despite the impact of external shocks, the company’s capacity utilization rate is 98.6 per cent, and the company’s capacity is currently saturated, at more than 95 per cent for four consecutive quarters. The capacity utilization rate is maintained at full capacity and continues to improve the company’s profitability.
The full utilization of mature process product capacity, while the advanced process of 14 nm's reasonably released product mix helps companies to have an overall Māori rate of 1.2 depreciation, with medium- and long-term growth expected to accelerate the pressure on the cost of covering old sales costs. 12 inches of new equipment is depreciated for 7 years and 8 inches of old equipment for 6 years.
Depreciation resulting from capital spending that has increased significantly in the short term will put some pressure on the Maori rate and net interest rate, and companies will ease it through improvements. In the medium- and long-term, given the continued expansion of demand in emerging markets above 5g as the country ' s 5g infrastructure progresses, offshore front-loading firms have expressed interest in mature and advanced crafts.
The growth in revenue from increased capacity is expected to accelerate the coverage of depreciation. Corporate capacity continues to increase steadily, with a capacity of 480150 8-inch equivalent in February of 20q, mainly in Shanghai for the first 12” and Tianjin for the first time, and in Beijing for a new planned project, Beijing for more than 12 and 28 nm.
0.18-0.15 Emblem nodes are dominated by special processes such as power management, fingerprint recognition, cis, etc.; below 28nm is dominated by rf and mobile chips, which will be expanded to Hpc and ai. Figure 4: Total expansion, Tianjin 8 and Shanghai Advanced 12 are growing steadily
2. Domestic client orders have continued to grow and demand for advanced + mature processes has increased significantly, with a steady increase in the domestic client ratio of 14/28nm based on the division of corporate revenues by region and a gradual increase in the continental client ratio, with 20q2 Chinese region accounting for 66.1 per cent.
The rapid rise of domestic design firms, with industry compounding up to 24.6% annually, is expected to continue to grow by more than 20% in the future, as the 5g demand increases. The company matures and expands production + advanced processes, widens the ceiling for surrogate services, and we think it will grow more and more as good rates, performance, costs, etc. continue to improve.
Home-grown clients are approaching the more flexible services offered by the company. The largest share of revenue splits by application is now in communications and consumption, and automobiles and industrial applications are warming up with the successful resumption of production in the country, with 1.4 pcts up.
At present, corporate revenue is still dominated by mature processes, and the advanced process of 14/28 nm is increasing steadily. The maturity process is in demand and is now close to full capacity, and the company continues to expand its new production capacity. In the advanced process, q2 merged the statistical caliber of the 14/28 nm process, totalling 9.1%, to $78 million. According to our calculations, 14 nm
The trend of sustained growth was sustained by the collection of approximately $17 million and about $60 million at Camp 28nm. Figure 8: Nodes (millions of United States dollars)
2.2 The maturity process is stable and profitable, and the advanced process enablers are fast growing, and the size of the market is expected to remain stable over the long term.
Smaller than $10 billion. With strong demand in the iot and nor markets, mature processes are expected to grow. 40/45nm downstream applications of major counterpart networking-related products such as wifi, bluetooth, nb-iot, etc., with rapid growth in areas such as home-based intelligence, smart payment terminals, tweepable equipment, etc., iot wireless communication chips
The area has been in a good state of development, with faster growth. With the growth of the market for amoled, tddi, motor power, and tws headphones, the demand for norflash has been strong, and the 55/65nm platform provides substitute services, mainly for innovation norflash, and is expected to share the dividends of the sector’s growth and the twxl innovation share.
Figure 10: Market size of mature processes (billions of United States dollars) Figure 11: Property networking pulls up the growth of the netflash market (billions of United States dollars) The advanced process of companies can provide R & D and volume of the 28nhkc+ and 14nmfinfet processes.
High-end consumer goods, high-speed computing, media applications, application processors, artificial intelligence, and car electronics can be provided to clients. The breakthroughs in advanced production have also broadened the company’s business path and the ability to absorb more chips to design orders.
Advanced process markets are growing rapidly, and they are expected to become the growth point for companies’ future performance. The demand for advanced process markets is high, mainly 5g, ai, and iot open up many new applications, and companies move into advanced process nodes in a timely manner.
Ihsmarkit predicts that the future market size of mature processes will remain at US$ 40 billion. Figure 13: Forecast of mature and advanced process market size (US$ billion) 2.314/28nm technology research and development directions will be clear and will expand as technological advances are applied.
The 14nm node is widely regarded by industry as a turning point for integrated circuit manufacturing processes, and the 14nm process will be aligned for future release. The Central Harbour South plant is primarily responsible for 14nm manufacturing processes, with the Central Harbour South producing about 3,000 units per month at the end of q1 in 2019 and plans to expand production to 15,000 units per month at the end of 2020.
The company ' s 14nm mass production consists of three main stages: 1) Phase I is cost >asp, focusing on high-end customers, multimedia applications, etc.; 2) Phase II is cost-free from Phase asp, focusing on medium- and low-end mobile applications, ai, mine machines, etc.; 3) Phase III is cost <asp, achieving economic benefits and developing radio frequency applications.
The n+1 process is well under way and is in the customer import and product certification stage. The n+1 process is a 20% improvement in performance compared to 14nm, a 57% reduction in power consumption, a 63% reduction in logical area, a 55% reduction in soc area, and a close proximity to the 7nm process.
Electronic technology platform for 3 vehicles: optimize process, encapsulation and ip design, improve reliability and safety through electronic related certification for aec-q100 and is26262 vehicles.4 High-performance computing technology platform: enhance device performance, develop special devices, support up to 13 layers of metal interconnection, develop high-speed
Basics, such as storage and high performance standard libraries. and associated high-speed interfaces. n+1 is the second-generation finfet technology of the center core, with saqp forming fin for the first time and sadp forming dummygate for technology development in the n+1 process
The new generation of 28 nanometres is now entering the customer import phase. The high-resolution electron constant metal fence (hkmg) process of the 28 nanometer rear fence is being strengthened. Based on the 28hkc process, it continues to optimize device performance.
Low power consumption (28hkc+) logic increases by 10%; the 28hkc+ platform is mainly used for smart phones, tablet computers, television, roof boxes, Internet, high performance for approximately 105 people with processors, mobile backbones and wireless interconnection chips. Design planning is fully consistent with 28hkc+, providing 22 nm low power production techniques (22ulp) and low leak power production techniques (22ull).
22 nano-low-power technology platforms can be widely applied to a variety of product networking products to meet the needs of smartphones, digital televisions, roof boxes, image processors, about 70 people to wear, and consumer electronics.
Crystal circle intergenerationals are the “centre” that connects upstream design and downstream applications. Increased surrogate capabilities in the center core international mean a higher level of semiconductor industry in the continent as a whole. Crystal circle manufacturing enterprises develop design rules for the base, pulling down equipment, materials, seal synchronization and technology overlaps.
Potential and growth space, coupled with national production equipment and materials suppliers with synergies, are expected to advance together. 3.1 The multiplicity of home-grown equipment blooms and synergies drive industry development.
Of that amount, $7.33 billion, or 81% of the total investment, was spent on equipment procurement and installation. The equipment company increased its recognition through the certification of an advanced production line in China-Cycle International, which is expected to stimulate the procurement of national production in the same industry.
Improved 1: Equipment-type corporate products have an "0->1->n" feature, with initial core technological breakthroughs being the most difficult. After that, product shifts are based mainly on improvements and optimization based on core technology, which will be difficult.
This will be significantly reduced, from a 1-n change, and the profitability of companies will gradually improve at this stage. For example, our semiconductor equipment manufacturer is in the "0-1" phase of conversion to "1-n" and the performance of many of the equipment is officially at the advanced stage.
Improvement 2: The reluctance of early advanced crystal-crystal manufacturers to take greater risks of introducing new suppliers into production lines results in slow progress in the development of domestic equipment manufacturers and a lack of feedback on volume production data. Currently, domestic crystal-crys plants are starting to develop advanced programs for active and equipment leading companies such as Sino-Mimi, Nord China-Channel.
Two-way mutually beneficial situations, such as technology development cycles, and reduced pressure on R & D spending. The development of crystallized manufacturing plants and equipment combines would significantly shorten the R & D cycle, and national production equipment companies would be expected to enter a virtuous cycle of “technology R & D - certification - volume feedback - correcting improvements - product upgrading.”
Figure 15: Nationally produced semiconductor equipment companies have evolved to expand the market demand for 3.2 materials, expanding rapidly by productive capacity; there are a large number of subcategories of materials manufactured, and there is less demand for a single product except silicon.
The company’s main raw material purchases in 2019 amounted to $4.72 billion, of which the share of silicon was up to 40.81%, followed by photoresist, chemicals, gas, etc. The purchases of raw materials other than silicons have not changed much in the last three years, with silicon spending on silicon.
According to Semi, from 2016 to 2018, the global unit price of semiconductor silicon tablets increased from $0.67 per inch to 0.89 per inch, with an average annual compound growth rate of 15.39 per cent. Semiconductor materials are characterized by high downstream certification barriers and high customer stickyness.
High costs, the variety of materials required, chemical or physical pollution and defects resulting from poor quality of any type of material in the process can lead to a reduction in or even direct loss of a batch or group of products. The barriers to certification for semiconductor suppliers are therefore extremely high, and it is not usually easy to replace partners once it is determined.
As semiconductor material is made as a crystal circle, it is much influenced by industry landscape and downstream market demand. China’s mainland gradually assumes semiconductor manufacturing capacity, and the raw material market capacity is bound to expand with the energy released.
The Division ' s core technologies meet certification standards and are expected to enjoy a long-term high growth dividend in the context of a trend towards national production substitution (1) risk of advanced process development; (2) risk of external shocks such as increased friction between Central America and the United States;
(3) Patents and technical risks; Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.