The first core of China begins a new journey.
China’s first “Key” with the hope of the nation’s technology industry rising. In 2019, 14 nmfinfet was officially produced, with advanced process nodes driving the domestic semiconductor.
Industrial chains rise in tandem. After the company broke through the finfet process, the advanced n+1/n+2 process accelerated, with the support of a large alternative market for the design and manufacture of chips in the country, and it is expected that the domestic semiconductor industry will accelerate its rise with the company; 2. Central Core International is the leading manufacturer of domestic crystals, with the fourth largest city in the world and the first in the continent.
It covers a number of areas such as logical circuits, mcu, radio frequency, storage, etc. that are growing better, providing companies with a stable basis for performance. 14 nm raises money after listing, expands production quickly, and improves global competitiveness. 3 - The company is the fourth in the world, and the first in the country continues to catch up with the advanced crystallized rotor.
The market value of the two locations after the launch of the company’s creation board is estimated at approximately $22.5 billion, compared to the value of the listed companies, and the market value of the medium-core international target is expected to be 4,363 to 482.1 million, with a “buy-in” rating. The country’s first “core,” with the hope that the nation’s technology industry will rise.
Since its inception, China’s semiconductor industry has been under the weight of 300 Taiwan compatriots and more than 100 European, Japanese, and Korean professionals, founded by Dr. Zhang Yujing and a member of Wang Yang’s Senate in April 2000. Dr. Zhang and his team built their first production in 13 months, with 4 8 inches built over three years.
Dr. Zhang, in an effort to build the “China’s first core”, was prevented from doing so by the Taiwan side, and in 2005 gave up Taiwan’s domicile, with great respect and wholeheartedness, and laid a good foundation for the long-term development of China’s international community. Figure 1: China’s five presidents, four ceo, did not forget their first relay.
The company was sued twice in 2005, with a total payment of about $400 million, and in November 2009, the founder, Dr. Zhang Jing, was forced to leave, while China-Chrystal International stopped the advanced process of catching up. In 2012, Qiu Xingyun, a company that began to focus on mature process research and development, succeeded in reversing the losses, but the technological gap and power accumulation in the advanced process increased further.
The company initially introduced a larger number of shareholders to solve the financial problem, and as Dr. Zhang’s advanced process faded in 2009, the company’s equity structure was fragmented and some shareholders focused on short-term financial returns, the strategic direction of the company was swinging, and the gap with the international flagship advanced process was widening.
With the country team represented by the Grand Fund in 2015 in the amount of $2.25 billion, the center core of national will will dominate the future direction of China’s international development. During the same period, the chief economist of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, Zhou Koko, became Chairman of China’s International Board of Directors, and the firm founder, Dr. Zhang Yujing, once again sought to build “China’s first core.”
Dr. Liang, who graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, and whose mentor Professor Hu Jung Ming was the inventor of the finfet technology. Dr. Liang helped the station to prioritize 130 nm “Bronze Process” technology in 2003, and helped the Samsung to give priority to 14 nm technology again in 2014, which is a remarkable battle.
The development of the n+1/n+2 process has been successfully advanced, opening up the prospect of catching up with 14 nm and the following advanced processes, and rekindling the hope of the Chinese “first core” of the nation. Although the company has crossed the 20 nm process nodes, the accumulated experience of the 14 nm and beyond is still insufficient, and the process upgrading is still a long way off.
China’s semiconductor industry chain flagr, the continent’s advanced crystal-crystal circle for industrial leaders, is currently the fourth largest in the world, representing the most advanced in China. The company provides its customers with a variety of technology nodes ranging from 0.35 micrometres to 14 nanometers, integrated circuit crystal round workers and ancillary services for different process platforms. In the logical sector, the company takes the lead in achieving 14 nanofinfet volume production.
The company has continued to grow its deep-benefit-related breakdown of the track by introducing such special processes as the most advanced 24 nanonand and 40 nanometer high-performance image sensors. According to icinsights, the company ' s share of global cities in 2018 was about 6%, and its share of the world ' s fourth, with domestic cities accounting for about 18%.
In 2020, the growth of corporate revenue resumed and the Māori rate improved. Over the last three years, the company has remained relatively stable, largely above RMB 20 billion, with alternative market expansion opportunities in the 20q1 beneficiary countries rising by 37.83 per cent. With the acceleration of the 14nm production process and the domestic downstream business transfer bill, the harvest is expected to grow at a high rate this year. Since the second half of 2019, the company has maintained a high profile of more than 28nm maturity, with a sustained increase in capacity utilization.
Māori sales rebounded in 2019. q1 company revenue in 20 years was $6,401 million, an increase of 38.42 per cent. 8 inches of crystal round sales were converted to 1.467 million pieces, an increase of 29 per cent in the same year: Māori sales recovered to 25.81 per cent, and Māori sales are expected to continue up with the 14nm advanced process. q1 net profit after deduction was $142 million.
By 35,000 a month, the demand for advanced processes by domestic feeders has been greatly met. In a wave of national production substitutions, the Chinese-represented domestic manufacturer has been able to move gradually to a single core based on the safety of the industrial chain.
The company’s mature process nodes provide the main revenue, and the advanced process is becoming more sophisticated. The maturity process of 0.15/0.18um has been the company’s main income, with the 55/65nm, 40/45nm and other nodes starting to rise in recent years, and 28nm and 14nm, which are relatively low. The company has successfully achieved a yield of 14nmfinfet, rising to around 1.3% in 20q1 and is expected to rise to around 10% next year.
A breakthrough in the process is expected to open up the country’s vast market. In 2020, the company raised funds through the Science and Technology Board and increased the country’s team. China’s 6k-per-cent capacity is now on the market in South China, leading China to upgrade its science, technology and innovation, and China’s core is opening a new course.
A number of crystal mills have abandoned their pursuit of Moor's laws because of the high R&D and capital costs involved in advanced processes. The crystal-crystal production has now reached 5 nm, 5 nm in the three-star plan year and 7 nm in intel has been announced for 2021, but the second-tier companies United, Grovend, etc.
According to ibs, as the technology nodes are shrinking, the input of integrated circuits is increasing exponentially. In the case of 5 nm, the cost of investment in 50,000 productive units of equipment is high, at $21,496 billion, more than twice that of 14 nm, and about four times that of 28 nm. The size of capital investment can be seen in the case of China-Cholel International if it is to accelerate the investment in advanced processes.
Figure 10: Investment per 50,000 pieces of crystal-crystal plant equipment Figure 11: Technical node gap between meso-core international and mainstream crystal-crystal industrial enterprises Semiconductor industry is autonomous, with meso-chip being the first to hit.
As a champion of the China-China chip industry, with a manageable burden on the semiconductor industrial chain, CKI has continued to increase its research and development costs and capital expenditures, actively pursuing the annual growth of R & D staff to 2530, 14 nm about 100, n+1 300. The company has achieved 28 nmhkc+ and 14 nmfinfet processes, and the second generation of finfet technologies are well advanced and entering the customer import phase.
A 57% reduction, a 63% reduction in the logical area, and a 55% reduction in the soc area, close to the 7nm process. The company will become the country’s only substitute for the demand for advanced processors.
As companies catch up with advanced programs, large amounts of money are needed in equipment and in R & D, and the company will be listed better to solve the company’s future financing capacity. The net amount of actual funds raised, after deducting distribution costs, is $20 billion, 12 inches of chip sn1 ($8 billion), reserve funds for advanced and mature technology R & D projects ($4 billion) and supplementary liquidity ($8 billion).
The company’s objective is to build a production line with a monthly output of 35,000 advanced stages, raising a total of 46.3 billion yuan. The issuer grants 15 per cent of the excess distribution options for the initial distribution of seaton securities, provided that the full options are exceeded, and figure 15: the company’s 14nm core finfet patent application has significantly increased.
Analysis of the central core international valuation from the main financial indicators of the global crystalworker. Analysis of the current global crystalworker's main financial indicators: letter, with a maximum value of 124.09 letters, the current value of the central core international port unit is 84.24 times.pb shows that the global average of the main crystalworker pb (mrq) is 4.28 times the average, the highest.
The high value is 7.81 times higher than that of the Central Harbour Unit, which is 3.67 times higher. Ps shows that the average of ps is 4.88 times higher than 10.67 times higher than that of the Central Harbour Unit, 7.43 times that of the Central Harbour Unit, and that the market value/2 and a equity market are more favourable to technology companies than the global market, and the valuation system is higher than the global market.
According to the pb valuation, after taking into account the company’s listing, the net market is 2.20 times (pre-supplies) and 2.11 times (after sales) below the global average.
The estimate under the ps valuation method is that if the company's 14nm project is considered to be operational, it will produce more than 35,000 pieces per month. Compared to the price of the station's crystal circle, the company will receive approximately $2,268 million in additional revenues based on US$ 5,400 per piece, converted into about RMB 16 billion, taking into account the compounding of the original industrial business.
In the long term, the company, as a national leader, is expected to reach $163 billion in long-term revenue if the global chip, calculated on the basis of over $300 billion in domestic chip imports in 2019, is about 80% of the sum of Foundry billion yuan, of which the neutral estimate is that the center core international receives 30% of the market share (currently 18%).
China’s technology industry has a large long-term growth space, giving the company a “buy-in” rating, and the company, as a core technology champion, the burden of upgrading the national technology industry. In 2019, it was officially produced in 14 nmfinfet, an advanced process node-scale chemical and biological product that is expected to lead to the simultaneous rise of the domestic semiconductor industry chain. The company broke through the finfet process, the advanced process “n+1/n+2” accelerated, and chip design and production took place in the country.
With the support of large alternative markets, it is expected that the domestic semiconductor industry will accelerate its rise together with companies.2 Companies are the leading industrial producers of the country’s crystal circle, with the fifth largest city in the world, based on domestic demand, and have a longer-term growth space.
The company is the fourth in the world, and the first in the country to continue to catch up with advanced crystal-crystal generation plants is of strategic importance. As the company is on the market, it substantially increases its ability to finance and provides a good basis for future high capital investment. After the company's launch, the market is about 22.5 billion dollars.
Estimates suggest that the company's long-term revenue target is expected to reach 163 billion to 27.3 billion, and that the systemic risks associated with the current global crystallized plant ps are estimated to average 4.88 times 1, macroeconomic fluctuations, major natural disasters, infectious epidemics, etc., resulting in less than expected industrial progress; 2. Policy benefits, integration of acquisitions, expansion of outreach, etc., may fall short of expectations;
3. Global trade conflicts may lead to lower-than-expected processes of national production of semi-conductor industrial chain development;
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions