It's very interesting to see that this is the first-ever coverage report by China-Crystal International.
Strongly recommended (first rating) (1) that the company, as the leader of the domestic crystal circle, has a 6 per cent global market in 2018, ranked fourth in the world, first on the continent, and a 5 per cent global market for 2020q2 with a projected revenue of $940 million,
The ratio of R & D inputs and capital spending is higher than the ratio of R & D spending to that of the U & D sector, with R & D personnel accounting for 10.95% in 17 years.
Achieving key technological breakthroughs, paving the way for a follow-up advanced process, and narrowing the power gap. Innovation drives down-stream advanced process demand, companies advance the process, the moor law leads the chip industry, and with technological innovation, 5g, smartphones, iot, etc.
In market space, 20 nm in 2019 and 30% below, ihs is expected to have more than half of the advanced process by 2025, when the market will be at $42 billion, cagr at 13.4%.
Broad, technologically comprehensive, the collection structure represents the structure and direction of the industry’s downstream demand. The power supply was 27% of the 7nm system in 2019, and the advanced process contributed more than half. The difference between the center core international and the station’s power supply is two to three generations, with the advanced process taking place relatively low and there is considerable room for improvement.
Capital and policy support in all its dimensions, multi-factor resonance, and companies are approaching a period of gold development. (1) Capital and policy resonance support companies develop when it is right to replace national production.
Low, weak manufacturing, structural imbalances, government attention to the integrated circuit industry, intensive policies to support industrial development, and continental integrated circuits to maintain the climate cycle. As continental semi-conductive institutions, companies have access to policy bank loans and low-interest bond issues.
After entering the stock company, a range of support is provided to the company, including finance and the integration of resources in the industrial chain. (2) Core talent is added to the list of industry clients, and multi-factor resonance drives the firm’s rapid growth.
The lower the process, the exponential growth in equipment inputs, and the sharp reduction in the number of advanced process players. Companies are the only challengers in the advanced process in the continental region, with policy, talent and capital resonance.
Given the company’s future growth and scarcity, it is covered for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating. And below, advanced process yields are less than expected; the epidemic has affected the company’s supply chain.
Deficiencies, first-time coverage, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Prices and current consistency, with the remaining crystal round selling average price of 4200 yuan per piece for 2020-2022; 3) benefit from national production substitution and downstream demand, except for 14 nm, and the company's overall capacity utilization rate
4) Photo masks manufacturing, other major operations such as contour processing, other business operations such as education, costs Some market views suggest that the company's 28nm business is a drag on its performance, and we believe that the company has adjusted its production lines in a timely manner, improved efficiency and capacity utilization, and added up to its home-grown customers' turnbooks, looking at the 28nm against the 28nm.
The negative impact on company performance is reduced. The high depreciation during the development of the process is the main reason for the company’s Maori burden, and profitability is expected to improve gradually as the company’s advanced production process enters the profitability period.
1. The company breaks down key technical nodes and looks forward to the follow-up of advanced process development;2 in the context of the Great Trade War, as the leader of the continental crystal circle, the company's landing pad, the amount raised, invested in the 12 inches sn1 project, to achieve the development of our semiconductor industrial chain and to keep up with international advances.
3. The development of semiconductor industries is the only challenger of state will, companies are the continent’s advanced process, with a series of strong support from the state, including policy, finance, and the integration of resources in the industrial chain. Companies are still in advanced process development stages, with the company’s advanced process productivity gaining momentum.
During the profit period, profitability is expected to improve gradually, with companies having significant strategic value and scarcity. 14 nm and below advanced process R & D is less than expected; customer imports are less than expected; 14 nm and below advanced process production is less than expected; and the epidemic has affected the company ' s supply chain.
Cyclops continue to build up, and the pressure of depreciation puts pressure on the performance 1.1. Cyclops International was founded in 2000 by Mr. Zhang Yujing, the largest and global ranking in China and China.
The fourth integrated circuit crystal circle plant provides 0.35 μm to 14 nm crystal round generation and ancillary services, with processes covering chip chips, mixed signals/radio frequency, power sources/simulations, eeprom, image sensors, etc. The collection book shows a global market of 6% in 2018, ranked fourth in the world, and first in the continent.
During the year, the company built 8-inch production base in Shanghai and 12-inch production base in Beijing, achieving 0.18 μm, 0.35 μm full technical certification and volume production, and in 2004 it was listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, laying the foundation for the future development of the company; in 2005-2012, the company achieved 90 nm, 65/55 nm, 45/50 nm
Upgraded and massed, the company began a rapid development period, with 28 nm in 2015, the new 12 inch production line in Shanghai in the same year, the first 14 nm production line in Mid-Chu International, with 2019q3 achieving 14 nm finfet production, and the n+1 (on 10 nm)/n+2 (on 7 nm) process is now well under way, July 2020
16th, company ' s official landing module, Central Core International Development History, Figure 2: Production Time for Company Key Technology Node
The company has a large number of plants and introduced the advanced process capacity of the External Capital Enhancement Corporation. The company is based in Shanghai and has six lines of production in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Shenzhen, covering 28 nm and 14 nm, as well as 0.35 m ~ 40 nm maturities, a congee processing plant in Jiangsu, and in the United States, Europe, Japan.
In addition, the company’s introduction of a joint venture between large funds and local industrial funds to set up the North Central (40nm–28nm) and the South Central (14nm) helped to share the financial pressure and expand the company’s advanced production capacity.
Figure 3: Distribution of the company's main production base
The Institute's full-time subsidiary, with a large fund headed by the Ministry of Information and Technology and the Ministry of Finance. The rest of the shareholders are numerous and dispersed, with the third largest shareholder, the Purple Group, holding less than 5 per cent of the shares.
Smart phones and consumer electronic contributions are mainly collected, mature and advanced. From downstream applications, 46% of the company ' s revenue in 2019 came from communications products and 34% from consumer electronics, which together accounted for about 80%, half-equal, mature and advanced.
The ratio of domestic users rose from 47.26% in 2017, and the gap with such industries as power generation was gradually closing, with domestic customers shifting monopolistic effects. With domestic production, the ratio of domestic users rose from 47.26% in 2017.
With the rising share of domestic customers rising, industry revenues falling in the current period, and, in general, there is a tendency to keep pace with changes in corporate productivity and revenue.
Corporate revenue is expected to rise significantly as the company moves into a period of expansion of its capacity. Companies are more profitable, and depreciation pressure puts corporate performance under pressure.
The realization of a revenue of $5,785 million, an increase of 9.48 per cent, and $6,401 million in 2020q1, an increase of 38.42 per cent. In terms of profitability, the depreciation pressure resulting from the new advanced process was the main reason for the company’s continued decline in the Māori rate, with a depreciation amortization ratio of about 30 per cent, the impact of the elimination of the depreciation amortization, ebitda/
At the same time, the company’s continued research and investment has put pressure on net interest rates and, after reaching a low of 1.57 per cent in 2018, the company’s 19-year net interest rate has risen to 5.76 per cent. The company is still in the advanced process of development investment, and as the company’s advanced process production is entering the profit period, the company’s interest rate has been reduced to a low of 1.57 per cent in 2018.
High depreciation is the main reason for Maori pressure. Innovation drives advanced process demand, which is strongly supported by downstream demand.
2.1. A remote lead in power generation, an international effort to catch up with the center core, and a narrowing gap.
The process is made into a corresponding circuit structure, which is then shaped through crystal circle cutting, sealing, and product testing, and eventually becomes a chip that meets a particular function.
The leading process node has gained a pre-emergent advantage and accumulated a large number of high-quality customers, with a market share of more than half (51.5%) of the 2020 q2 plants, far above the second star (18.8%), and the center core International fifth in 4.8%.
The arts have matured, and in 2019 they began to grow, with a yield of nearly 30%, and 5nm on the verge of production. The center core international is the continent, where innovation drives smooth growth in the crystal round labour market, downstream applications contribute to advanced process development, the global semiconductor market has recovered since the second half of 2019, and the crystal round labour market has experienced steady growth.
After the down-cycle in the first half of 2018-2019, the global half-guiding homogeneity continued to decline with trends such as the import of 5g and the electronicization of cars, but the decline was narrower, with a return to positive growth of 2020q1 with a recovery of $10.46 billion in that period, rising to $57.6 billion in 2018 and 9.73 per cent in cagr, maintaining a steady growth trend.
Innovation is the main driving force behind the demand for advanced processes, with downstream applications contributing to the development of advanced processes. Moore's Law leads to the development of the chip industry, which, with technological innovation, has a strong demand for low processes, such as 5g, smartphones, lots, etc., driving down and driving the industry. From downstream applications, the main areas of application are the following:
90 nm and above maturation is used mainly in entry-level microcontrol units, power managers, smart cards, flash controllers, etc., in low-cost areas; 40-65 nm is used mainly in wifi chips, digital television top case, auto electrons, consumption
16/20nm is used mainly in the areas of medium- and high-end cellular processors (e.g. apple a9/a9x, high-tungslong 636/710) and backbone chips (e.g. high-text x 16lte), high-performance computing cpu, artificial intelligence chips, low-power car electronics;
14 nm and below are mainly used for high-end cellular processors (e.g. apples a12/12x13, high-tungslong 855) and backbone chips (e.g. high-tungsten x 55), high-performance calculus cpu, mine, due to the fact that power generation is the absolute leader of the industry, the city is more than half stable, the customer coverage is wide and the technology is comprehensive,
The collection structure represents the demand for and structure of downstream products in the crystal circle industry, indicating the future direction of the industry. The yield of the electric 7nm crystal in the second half of 2018 was mainly used in areas such as apple chip, high performances such as artificial intelligence, which, according to the 2019 report, were used mainly for smart phones (49%), followed by high performance.
Operations (30%), network of things (8%) and car electronics (4%). As a relay of power and advanced production, the company is expected to follow the build-up trajectories and expand applications in areas such as smartphones, high-performance, motor electronics and object networking.
More specifically, the share of electricity from 28nm and below rose from 54% in 2016 to 67% in 2019, with the most advanced 7nm system now starting with a market of 78 billion dollars or more in 2023. In terms of the income structure of the crystal circle plant, 2019
Year 20nm and below is over 30%, and ihs are expected to have more than half the share of advanced processes by 2025. The continued use of advanced processes is a major driver of industry growth, and gartner predicts a steady growth trend until 2023, when market size is expected to reach $78.3 billion.
2.3. Downstream demand for advanced processes is strong, and companies contribute large amounts of space to advanced processes. Downstream demand for advanced processes is high. There are about two generations below for station power, center core international and table power. As a follower, the center core share of the international market is stable at 5-6%, and the product structure is expected to converge towards station power.
In 2019, the 7nm process contributed the largest revenue (27%), followed by 16nm (20%), and two together, amounting to nearly 50%, indicating a strong demand for advanced processes downstream. Following Moore’s law, power generation is about one to two years advanced generation, and advanced process R & D and advancements are staged.
At present, the power gap between the center core and the station is large, with 28 nm and 14 nm accounting for less than 5% in 2019. With the expansion of the company’s 14nm production capacity and an increase in the good quality of goods, it appears that the advanced process drives the growth of the company’s revenue.
Figure 25: Advanced production of power supply compared to the increase The country's full-scale contribution, domestic climate cycle supporting the development of companies 3.1 and national production in place of the right time, the country's full-scale support for the development of support companies
3.1.1 The continental semiconductor self-sufficiency rate is low, and there are structural imbalances in the industry. The domestic semiconductor market size accounts for about 30 per cent of the world's share each year, with a self-sufficiency rate of only 15.3 per cent.
The continental manufacturing chain is weak, with structural imbalances. In the design, manufacture and sealing of the industrial chain, the continent accounts for less than three-quarters of the total, compared with the global average of 46%, the continental structure of the manufacturing chain is 3.1.2, the State strongly supports the development of the integrated circuit industry, and the continent maintains its climate cycle.
The State attaches great importance to the development of the integrated circuit industry, and policy support is increasing. The State Council issued the National Integrated Circuit Development Promotion Programme, which clearly states that by 2020, the gap between the integrated circuit industry and the state of international excellence will be reduced, with the sector ' s income rising at an average rate of more than 20% per year, reaching the integrated circuit chain in 2030.
Various ministries and local governments have successively put in place specific plans and policies to support and develop the integrated circuit industry, including policies to support and develop it. The laws and regulations provide support to the integrated circuit industry in a variety of ways, including finance, taxation, technology, and talent, and create good companies.
40% of the world’s new crystal-crystal mills are located on mainland China, with the continental integrated circuits keeping the air cycle alive. Policy support and structural imbalances pull manufacturing shifts. Semi projects that 62 new crystal-crys plants will be built globally in 2017-2020, with 26 seats in mainland China, exceeding 40%, and nearly 50% in 2017-2018.
After a downward cycle in the first half of 2018-2019, the sale of the continental integrated circuits was supported by demand of 95.4 billion people in 2017q1, and our integrated circuit landscape will continue.
China’s integrated circuits maintain high growth rates of 3.1.3, low financing costs, large-scale funds are injected into support companies for low-financing costs, and low-cost companies for development.
A variety of financing sources and low-cost finance-cost support companies increase their investment in research and development, introduce talent, and expand their productive capacity. National large-scale funds are injected to provide companies with a range of assistance, including financing, and the integration of resources in the industrial chain.
In addition to financial support, which was announced in May this year by Big Fund II and Shanghai IEC, which is worth about 20% of its investment, the Fund's contribution to the company is reflected in the consolidation of the industrial chain, with Middle Point International's indirect equity chief electricity technology becoming its first shareholder.
The upstream crystal circle produces vertical industrial chains that are sealed downstream. 3.2, core personnel join in, and continue to invest in high-capital enablers.
There is a significant pre-emptive advantage in the construction of the Protector's River by powerful patent barriers. In addition to State policy and financial support, the company, as a latecomer, continues to work on the introduction of talent, investment in research and development, and capital spending, trying to catch up with front-line producers in such industries as electricity.
Research and development experience. In 2019, Dr. Yang Guangjian, Director of the company’s front-office power generation, was introduced as its independent non-executive director, and in June this year, Mr. Paik Noon, the former Managing Director of the Grovend China District, was invited to join the company to work on advanced processors’ outreach and market development. In our view, the company is in advanced stages of development.
This will help companies to achieve a breakthrough in the 14nm and below advanced processes, and to achieve a continuous increase in R & D and high capital investment by companies that are leading industry producers, such as power generation, and assist companies in advanced process development. Compared with the power generation and the combined power supply from the friendly shops, the R & D input rate (R & D input/total collection) is between 16 and 22% of the region, while the input rate is less than 10%;
Seventy-three per cent, except 31 per cent in 2017, with less than 15 per cent for the rest of the year, and less than 45 per cent for the rest of the year, with the exception of 2020q1 for 62 per cent. The effects of increased capital investment by companies have begun to show in recent years, and the gap between electricity and electricity is narrowing: 40 nm and the electricity gap is four years in terms of production time (UGC 2009vs).
divisional 2013), 28 nm and the U.S. electricity gap for two years (Uts 2013vs 2015) and 14 nm gap for less than two years (Uts 17q1vs 13q3).
Under the circumstances, bringing together core talent, such as Mr. Liang Mengsong, to invest heavily in research and development, in order to achieve a breakthrough in the advanced process and catch up with industry leaders. We believe that companies, as the only challenges to the advanced process in the continental region, together with policies, capital and talent, are contributing to the development of companies that accelerate national substitution and add up to their domestic clients.
The company will have a good development window period. 3.3. Advanced process capital begins to be huge, and the center core is the only challenger in the mainland region.
Technology and manufacturing processes are becoming more complex, and when the technology nodes move in a 5 nm or even smaller direction, the average light time machine accuracy is no longer capable of meeting the process requirements, requiring euv light and more advanced corrosion, membrane sedimentation equipment. The process reduction and integrated circuit equipment are exponentially linked, with an input of about US$ 4 billion per 50,000 crystals at 28 nm.
Investment in equipment per 50,000 crystal-crystal capacity (US$ billion) High input and performance pressures have led to a significant reduction in advanced process players, with the only challenge for the continent at the center core. Subject to high sunk costs and performance pressures, the second echelon announced its withdrawal from 12 nm in 2018.
Under R & D, Grovend announced a moratorium on R & D up to 7 nm in the same year. There are currently six 16/14 nm crystal mills, with only three stars and one battery left on board 7 nm and below. Mid-Cryp International has achieved a postpartum dose of 14 nm in 2019, 12 nm is currently testing, and research and development on n +1 and n+2 of markers 10 nm and 7 nm is progressing gradually, with China-Cryp International being the mainland.
The only catch-up in the advanced process in the region. With the benefits of national production substitution, national policy support and financial support, and the slowing down of Moore’s laws, which provide an enabling space for its followers, we believe that China-Chole International is capable of continuously investing in advanced process R & D to become a powerful pursuer of power generation.
3.4. Breakout on key technologies, downstream demand supporting company development 3.4.1, 14nm process leading to critical technological breakthroughs, downstream landscape demand opening up profit space, and company 14nm process leading to critical technological breakthroughs that facilitate subsequent advanced roll-out.
In the 14nm era, the quantum effect of the pyroclastic effect was highlighted, leading to the occurrence of electrical leaks, etc., which led to the deterioration of the device and increased power consumption, so that the 14nm node was widely regarded by industry as a turning point for integrated circuit manufacturing processes. To solve this problem, the finfet structure transistor technology was created. Unlike the traditional 2-dimensional mos structures, finfet
For a three-dimensional structure, this structure can effectively reduce electrical leaks, while significantly reducing the extreme width of the fence, with lower power consumption and a better mobility and size of the transistor. Currently, power generation is based on the finfet structure of 7 nm and 5 nm. The key technological breakthrough of 14 nm is achieved by CKI, paving the way for a shorter node to follow.
Finfet structure transistor 14nm is in the process of expansion, with lower-scene demand opening the door. 14nm is used mainly in the areas of medium- and high-end cellular processors and backbone chips, high-performance operations. As the world moves into the 5g age, high-performance players
The company now collects 1% of the 14nm 19q414nm and 20q2 to 1.3%, and has achieved 710a chip sub-manufacturing.
3.4.2, 28nm restructures the product and the negative impact on the company’s performance is expected to improve 28nm oversupply and drag the company’s performance. The company is the first continental 28nm crystal-crystal manufacturing plant, and 2015q3 achieves a 28nm-based production based on pollysion technology (used to produce low- and medium-end mobile phone application processors).
Then, successively, in 2017q2 and 2018, the production of 28nm based on hkmg technology (for the production of ott machine capboxes, television chips, etc.) and hkc technology (for the production of soc). As the lowest point of the unit transistor cost and the fraction of the semiconductor system prior to the emergence of the finfet, the global crystallization plant has a higher level of energy layout.
In the process of climbing production capacity (2016-2018), the market is oversupplyed, reducing the company’s profit margin. Companies adjust product structures, improve good rates, and increase capacity utilization, reducing the negative impact of 28nm on the company’s performance. In the face of market oversupply, the center core adjusts the production line structure, part of which will be used for 28nm.
The use of equipment for the production of other, more profitable, process products shows a downward trend in the income of 28nm products (US$1,634 million vs. 807 million in 2019). Meanwhile, the rate of conversion of domestic clients to the Hkmg firm has risen, and the negative impact of 28nm on the company ' s performance has been reduced.
40nm and above mature production is mainly in low-cost areas such as wifi chips, low- and middle-end digital television tops, auto electrics, consumer electrons, and entry-level microcontrol units, smart cards, flash controllers, mainly customers such as high-communication (power chip management, etc.), cellular (power chip management, radio frequencyic, etc.), Andemey (electricity)
Source chip management), as well as noorflash, wilfi microchip, radio frequencyic, Weir shares (cis sensors), Gekkowi (cis sensors), China's semiconductor (smart card chips). The upgrading of electronic products has led to a more responsive consumer, faster response speed, longer electricity, etc.
The demand for electronics for the capacity of the pool to continue the voyage is responsible for the increase in the size of the simulation chip downstream, including amplifiers, power management, etc., icinsights estimate that the simulation chip increased by 6.6% between 2017 and 2022, higher than the global average of 5.1%. In addition, it benefited from the trend of three to four shots of mobile phones, as a cis of the highest cost of three.
Demand is expected to continue to grow, with a three-time trend in smartphones, mainly at an average compound growth rate of ic2017-2022.
Cis is the most valuable part of a mobile camera, and the global three-cam penetration rate is expected to increase rapidly.
4. Profit forecasting and investment rating 3) Benefiting, in addition to 14 nm, from the demand for national production substitution and downstream landscapes, the overall capacity utilization of companies 4) photo masks manufacturing, other business operations such as convex processing, other business collections, costs, etc.
Considering that companies are asset-dependent, asset-intensive industries and have a certain cyclical nature, we believe that the pb valuation reflects better the quality and real value of the company’s assets than a pe-value. We choose beauty and tower semiconductors, combined and port shares, as comparable companies.
Taking into account the differences in market structures, we have also selected the semiconductor plate company for a share valuation. At a collection rate on 28 July 2020, the industry’s top-stage power dynamic pb was 8.0x, the central core international port unit was estimated to be 4.0x, and the latest weighted average dynamic of the semiconductor plate was 7.0x and the median 7.7x.
Our semiconductor industry is still developing at a time of high growth, and national production substitution opens up incremental space, so a share is of significant strategic value and scarcity, is covered for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating. 14 nm and below advanced process R & D is less than expected; customer imports are less than expected; and 14 nm and below are advanced.
Process yields fall short of expectations; the epidemic has affected the company ' s supply chain.