The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has become a second-hand translator for the center core international (688981.sh) (first rating)
Middle-hull > Domestic Crystal Generations > Global Market: A complex annual increase of 18 per cent in the design and manufacture of internal chips due to the United States technology blockade (with a volume compound rate of about 10-12 per cent and a price of about 5-6 per cent), exceeding 16 per cent in the domestic Crystal Generation industry and 10 per cent in the domestic and global markets.
7-8nm R & D: Although the C.I. is clearly behind the C.I.C. for nearly three to four years, C.I.C. is going to be the world's top three by the third quarter of 2018, when the C.I.C. and the C.I.C. will give up R & D and post-partum for 7nm, which means that the C.I.I. will be the world's top three by the beginning of next year.
Over a period of five years, CKI will exceed its global share of combined electricity (8%) and core (7%). The advantages of providing photo masks, ip and design services, and advanced sealing: all three synergizing services are available.
To speed up the process of importing products from the new process, improve rates, control costs, overcome technical barriers, and offer one-stop solutions to clients, and apart from a single-stop solution similar to a central core, combined electricity and cores are mostly outsourced photo mask manufacturing, ip and design services, and advanced sealing operations.
Two structural challenges: while the development of 7-8nm by Mid-Cryston International has surpassed the UCR core, 28/14/7-8nm is still three to five years behind, allowing the middle-crystal to sell its advanced production options only 30 to 40 per cent lower than the price at which it was first released and facing an increase in investment in each node of equipment.
30-40. This will leave the middle core International's 14/12/7-8nm, similar to 28nm, at the end of the seven-year depreciation period. Due to the rareness of the semiconductor locomotive, the middle core is expected to outperform the grid core in five years.
Long-term growth trends, such as market share, gradual reduction of the technology gap with power generation, have been established, but in the second half of the year old costs have increased significantly to the detriment of the Maori rate and overall profitability, and we therefore recommend that investors “take over” rather than Jung-hoon.
The risk of high depreciation costs and short-term cash flow shortfalls due to the large increase in capital spending, the risk of an advanced process leading to a discount price, and the risk of Heath continuing to be unable to apply for a production licence. Depreciation has increased as a result of the high short-term capital expenditure in mid-hull to more than 150% of the revenue, which has led to a sharp increase in depreciation.
The world's Māori ratio is likely to continue to fall below the level of industry in the coming years.  Our view is different from that of the market, which believes that national production substitution will drive a significant increase in the profits of the middle core; but we think that depreciation has increased significantly, financing.
The downscaling, and price pressures, would result in a surplus of less than the net return to the mother, and much less than the 18-20 per cent increase in the harvest. 7-8nm process output (2021), Heath ' s ability to restart the bill, and the return of the Māori rate are attributable to the rareness of the semiconductor head of the 1-college plate: 2. The market is expected to exceed the middle core international in five years.
A long-term growth trend, such as a gradual reduction in the technological gap with power generation, has been established, but significant depreciation costs in the second half of the year have harmed the Māori rate and overall profitability, as well as the risk of high depreciation costs and short-term cash flow shortfalls due to the large increase in capital spending.
The risk of a post-sale discount price, the risk that Heath will continue to be unable to apply for a production licence. First, the domestic crystal round-work market and the industry’s super-global growth, since China and the United States have expanded their trade competition, combined with the US’s communications with China’s boom, China’s targeted embargo on Heath’s trade.
And putting hundreds of domestic high-tech enterprises and research centres (semiconductors, communications, security, computer/industrial intelligence, military industry, scientific research institutions) on the list of entities in the United States Department of Commerce that have been unable to purchase more than 25 per cent of American technology, non-American substitutes and even national production substitution/autonomous control have become part of the domestic industry.
The body industry, such as eda software, materials, equipment, crystal circle intergenerationals, seals, storages, non-crystal integrator designs, the main dynamic of the upgrade, coupled with the high-valued and well-functioning cash available to the country ' s shareholdings and the new venture boards, is investing in research and development, hiring talent, and buying technology.
The growth of the industry in excess of the global crystal round industrial market and industrial growth will be expected, in other words, the US technology blockade, which has led to a massive expansion of the domestic semiconductor sector from point to point. Domestic crystal round labour markets have grown more than globally.
Although the US government wants to use high tariffs on high-tech products imported into the US, but produced in China. To allow US firms to produce orders back, the domestic science and technology industry chain is well developed and has strong cost advantages, and the epidemic is under control, we have yet to see a clear return of production orders from the technology industry to the US.
If Hong Heiscon State's lcd panel investment is still seriously behind, the mini-US 5nm plant, which produces 20,000 pieces of power per month, will not produce until 2024. So we expect China to have a share in the global crystal round labour market from 51% in 2018 to 60% in 2025.
In the case of the Chinese core, the share of Chinese mainland customers has continued to rise, rising significantly from 50 points five years ago to 66 points at present, while the share of Chinese mainland customers has continued to rise over the past few years, from 8 points five years ago to 21 points at present, and at the same time, in the United States,
We expect that the power buildup ratio will fall significantly from 4q20, but regardless of the future generation of the Heath portion of the chip, the license or other domestic Heath replacement company will be able to send electricity to the mainland in the long run.
Since the rise of Chinese-American trade competition, combined with US communications to China and China, Heiss has responded to the blockade and placed hundreds of national high-tech enterprises and research centres on the list of entities in the United States Department of Commerce, China has been a major contributor to the global economy.
Since it was not possible to purchase products that represented more than 25 per cent of United States technology, national production substitution/autonomous control has become the main engine for the overall upgrading of the semiconductor industry, such as the crystal-rounding process, in conjunction with the central core international transfer of a stock section, to obtain high-valued and well-operated cash input of 14/12/7-8nm advanced process product expansion.
Thus, the compound growth rate of the industrial sector, which has created a domestic crystal circle, is 16% over the next five years, nearly doubles the 8% compound growth rate of the global crystal round labour market.
In addition to competitively providing competitive surrogate prices, low depreciation costs (longer 7 years of depreciation for the acquisition of new equipment by the middle core and 6 years of depreciation for used equipment), and receiving various government R & D subsidies and large-scale crystal round worker demand benefiting from autonomous controlled/national production replacements,
The ten points listed below make it difficult to compete face-to-face with the battery, but several of them do.
Advanced containment in collaboration with long-range electricity. 1.7-8nm advanced process R & D and volume production; 2. Size of capital and R & D expenditure;
6. Advanced design services: 7. Advanced sealing (panning, 3-D chiponwaferonsubstrate);
8. Large-scale economic advantage in procurement of equipment and materials: 10.ip patent library directly competing with power generation 7-8nm and euv R & D: although Mid-Kids has not been able to access Ace to date
Maasml's euv luminescence, but we think that asml, as soon as he gets permission from the Dutch government, delivers it to the center core, believing that the center core will be the third largest mill in the world (after power and three stars) in the process process of euv5nm. We take 14 nm as an example, though the center core is the middle core.
The international community is clearly three years behind, and the core is nearly four years behind, producing 14 nm crystal round products, but the center core is connected, and two years after the third quarter of 2018, the core has given up 7 nm and postpartum, it's about to produce next year a replacement for the 7-8nm process.
The 7-8nm medium- and low-level mobile chip product should not be produced in the fourth quarter of this year.
The share of global collection of excess electricity (7%) and core (8%) will be considered. The importance of photo masks (photomaskmaking): the photo masks are the core tool in chip manufacturing, in dozens of engraved engraved cells that used to hide 100% of excellent light.
The membrane system, which allows its clients to perform with light speed, the introduction of prescription and performance of new products, the pre-correction of electrical graphics, the pre-judgment of manufacturing errors in the photo masks manufacturing process, is clearly superior to the combination of the photo masks outsourced, which also allows the photo masks to be self-made (up to 14 nm) and has autonomous knowledge.
The ownership front-track map data processing, electron beaming, visual corrosion, and back-track defects detection and control techniques have a greater advantage than general practitioners. The type of photo mask has evolved from the early binary mask to a phase-shift mask, with graphics transmitting the medium from chromium metal to silicon material, but it has evolved from a metal chrome to silicon material.
With the introduction of ultra-violet (euv) technologies, the photo masks have been transformed from traditional transect-based to reflective-type cornerstones, the complexity of the structure and the difficulty of manufacturing have multiplied. As the electrogram sizes drawn on the photo masks have been reduced, the intensity of the transistor, etc., has increased.
The time for equipment to complete a single photo mask is increasing. The time for a single euv mask is even a few days old, which poses a great challenge to the development and manufacture of the photo mask.
The advent of the maskwriter technology, which uses hundreds of thousands of electronic beams while painting without interference, ensures accuracy of the graphics and keeps the time and production of the euv photo mask within acceptable limits, and greatly improves the research and development effectiveness of the advanced technology nodes.
Design services and ip support: We believe that over the next 10 years, the global semiconductor industry will gradually transform from past computers, smart phones, and a small number of servers into a multiplicity and multiplicity of internetofthings, iot, and clouds of all kinds, edge operators, terminal cores.
This new trend in demand for processing, coupled with the difficulty of designing advanced process products and the increasing need for ip resources, will allow design teams within global semiconductors and systems companies to emerge like rain, but these new design firms are clearly lacking in ip resources and physical layout.
The design services and ip support for nodes such as 14/28/40/45/55/6510/130nm provided to clients by the Design Services Team of more than 200 people are of great importance to the expansion of the company. With the introduction of finfet, euv technology, the design services can be associated with the process.
Develop depth synergy, optimize process design rules, backend layout rules, device types, etc. from the point of view of design, and provide better design services based on optimized results to make their products more competitive.
A new generation of storage-ip solutions (e.g., mamam, etc.) has been introduced to address the high level of demand for large-capacity high-speed storage units in the area and for non-volatile storage applications.
The metering rules also impose considerable limitations on the design of analogue and hybrid signal circuits. Subject to the design rules, the market has introduced template-based design service technologies and modules that allow client designs to be built-up rather than subject to complex design rules, saving circuit design and backends.
Advanced containment requirements under the microchip structure: since the power build was led by the U.S.A.O. Team, it was able to swipe the envelope technology (integratefanout, info) to take down the apple smart phone for generations and to encrypt the coyos (chiponwaferonsubstrate) with three-dimensional envelopes.
Take orders from the xilinx base station, fpga, and the state-of-the-art a100 chip in Invelda, plus the small chip architecture that has not been developed through advanced encapsulation, is an important solution for the moor's law to continue to improve efficiency, reduce costs, reduce energy consumption, and all kinds of advanced 3d sealing needs erupt.
The center core International provides an advanced 3d seal by handling front-end concussions (which can provide 28/14 nm concussions), silicon perforation (throughsiliconvia, tsv), while the back end is covered by 14.3% of Jiangsu power.
Advantages. As the technology for integrated circuit manufacturing continues to evolve, increasing demands have been placed on port density, signal delay, and encapsulation volume, facilitating the emergence and development of advanced envelopes, such as concussions, reverses, silicon piercings, 2.5d, 3d, etc., as well as forms of encapsulation.
(wirebonding) process, which is more like a crystal circle-based engineering process, mainly through high-precision exposure (using nikon, Veeco/ultratech optical incisors, Tokyo electron, sussmicrotech photoreser), ion treatment, electroplating (metal splating application material),
ulvac equipment: equipment and materials such as plating/pecvd/dry etching using application materials and lamresearch set-up) based on custom-made photo masks, rewiring on crystal circle, allowing the chip to have a higher port density, reducing signal transmission routes, reducing signal delay, and better equipped
Thermal conductivity and reliability. The concussion process, in conjunction with the inverted technology, reduces the volume of the envelope and achieves a chip-grade encapsulation. Advanced encapsulation processes such as the concussion process, the integration of the three-dimensional chip system have resulted in a variety of crystals, circular and system-level encapsulations.
Three or two structural challenges, though the center core is the country's first crystal-crystal generation plant, and the country's 14/12 nanometer advanced process is catching up with 16 nanometers from Nanjing, and 7/8 nanometer R & D investment is higher than the already abandoned UCR.
Over the years, the downside of production, the downside of good rates, and the unreturning of depreciation costs all put the middle core at a disadvantage in terms of prices, costs, interest rates, and how to overcome the two structural challenges that the middle core international management team will have to address in the future.
1. The sharp increase in investment in equipment and the significant increase in depreciation costs is different from many new semiconductor products such as 5gap/base frequency/front end/base station, server x86cpu, cloud end aigpu, high-speed network, pcie 4.0/5.0 retimer, inner memory 1z/1alpha,
128/160-storey flash memory, ddr5 memory interface chips, which always bring a better Māori ratio to the semiconductor supply than Ping, but are engaged in an advanced process of crystal-circle-generation industry, with more than 30 per cent investment in each node after 16/14 nm due to the constant technological evolution of the processwork.
That's why it takes seven to eight quarters of production time to produce power from a dragon-crystal-based plant to bring its most advanced process to the company's average Māori ratio, which will also fall due to the expansion of production in the early stages of the new process. In terms of power generation, because of the investment in semiconductor equipment for each new node.
Increment, we measure the current depreciation cost of 16 nm/12nm at 50-60 per cent of its operating costs, the initial price premium for crystal round workers, the over-involvement of most manufacturers into advanced processors, and the increase in losses.
In the third quarter of 2018, R & D for the 7nm process was announced, while UTM did see a significant improvement in the Mäori rate in the second quarter of this year, but the CKI entered the 14/12nm process from the end of last year and will face increased investment and depreciation of the equipment after the 8nm process and future 5/3nmeuv nodes this year.
We're measuring a 32% compound increase in depreciation costs over the next five years, a technology gap that allows the center core to sell only the advanced process discount price after three to five years. According to our calculations, the middle core has been behind the station for almost five years before production in the second quarter of 2016.
28 nanometers, with 4.5 years behind, produced 14nm in the fourth quarter of 2019, without using 7-8nm of euv, which is expected to be between 3 and 3.5 years behind the station, and although the three nodes have seen a marked improvement in their technical evolution, because the middle core has so far failed to capture the euv of Asml Esma in the Netherlands.
Years. The gap between these technologies makes it impossible for the center core to enjoy the initial premium of the advanced process, but only to sell discounted prices after three to five years in the early poor state (starting with a price of nearly 30 to 40 per cent down in three to five years), but the cost of depreciation of the equipment continues to be raised.
China Harbour International was established in the Cayman Islands in April 2000 by the General Corporation in Zhang Jiang Road, Shanghai East District, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Jiangyang City, and in Hong Kong, where it was listed as a red-fooking company. China Harbour International is located in Zhang Yujing, formerly the largest bulk circuit, and Qiu Chi, a power-rich company.
Since becoming Executive Director, Yun is now under the joint responsibility of the Joint Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Liang Mengsong, and the Navy, Dr. Zhao.
In addition to Zhao's army and Liang Mengsong, the company's core technical staff are Dr. Zhou Meisheng (Executive Vice-President), Zhang Xing (Senior Vice-President for Operations and Engineering), and Dr. Wu Jingang (Vice-President for Technology Research and Development) as of December 31, 2019.
Of these, 6,527 are domestic patents and 1,595 are offshore. Hong Kong is actually owned by 100% of China's Information Communications Technology Group Ltd., and Hong Kong, the second largest shareholder, held 14.62% of China Harbour International before the ipo replenishment (Hong Kong actually invested in the national integrated circuit industry).
There is no competition between major shareholders and firms under their control that would have a significant adverse impact on the issuer.
Unlike most of the a-share companies, the company has five independent non-executive directors, namely, William Tudorbrun, jingshengjasoncong (Schonjing), Liu Zoo, Van Yinda and kwang-leiyoung (Yang Guangjung). The main duties of the independent non-executive directors of the company include participation in board meetings and participation in board meetings.
Provide independent advice on corporate strategies, policies, corporate performance, and ethical standards, as well as lead and timely monitoring of company performance in the event of potential conflicts of interest. Very different from power generation, combined power, and the world’s most advanced holdings of 100% of each plant, large fund.
US$ 37.64 per cent of the centre core south (US$ 2,446.5 million, 14.56 per cent in one instalment and 23.08 per cent in two instalments) and 32.97 per cent of the centre core Ningbo (US$ 600 million in two phases). The Shanghai IEC Fund together held 23.85 per cent of the centre core south (US$ 1.55 billion) (US$ 12.31 per cent in one instalment and 11.54 per cent in two instalments, total)
23.85%. We believe that a large fund that shares the investment risk of some of the center cores in advanced processes (in which cores hold only 38.52% of the middle cores) can reduce the burden of some of the middle cores in international cash flows, as well as the controversy over additional government R & D subsidies.
The new sn1 plant for the 14/12/7-8nm process will expand its monthly capacity to 15,000 crystal rings by the end of 2020, and we estimate that by the end of next year it will reach 20 to 30 million units.
Debt, and the expansion of energy investment in 14 nanometers and below, is indeed necessary for the center core of over 30-40 billion capital spending in the second quarter of 2020. The company is mainly engaged in integrated circuit manufacturing, using the crystal circle model, and receives the client’s drift.
And then the line information is exposed to the light mask and then the flow of light etchings and etchings to put the power sheet on the eight "or 12" crystal circle. But the route map is like the building's hydropower, gas pipes, and the first layer is connected to the first layer, and in addition to the light etching, the ion is injected.
Distribution (diffusion), chemical phase deposition (chemicalvapordeposition), physical phase deposition, chemical mechanical grinding (chemicamimechanicicalpolishing) a series of chemical steps to divide the conductor 5, a global share of a build-up, and a large medium core growth space
Towerjazz, Huayon, the eastern semiconductor, forecasted in 2020 that the dollar price of power will grow by 26 per cent this year, to $43.6 billion, and that our global share is estimated to be 56 per cent.
2%. So we're starting to estimate that by 2025, CKI will have surpassed the share of globalfoundries grid cores and interconnectivity in the global crystal circle, making it the world's third-largest crystal round industrializer.
We can tell from the middle core's graphs that the raw materials are photorestricted, chemicals, gases, grinding fluids, 31.5% of the year went up significantly to 40.8% in 2019, which is attributable to two major reasons. Large silicon tablets have been in short supply, contract prices have increased at a double-digit rate each year, but large silicon chips have gone from
(b) The share of advanced process nodes increased and the middle core needed more expensive and advanced large silicon material;
Client regional classification: either power supply or China-Chole International, because the mainland Chinese market is the largest semiconductor marketing area in the world, and the national product substitution allows domestic semiconductor design companies such as Heath, Weir, Bitland, summit, Chewie, St. Bong, excites, Loong, Flying, The Rise of the Cold War,
In China, where we have seen a steady rise in the quarterly collection of customers at the top of two crystal-crystal poles, the United States client collection ratio has continued to decline, although this trend may be reversed in the short term by the issuance of a Hynes clause by the United States Department of Commerce to limit Heath's use of American semiconductor equipment to make chips, but we think it is long.
.. . ..the U.S. client... ..the U.S. client... ..the U.S. client... ..the U.S. client... ..the U.S. client... ..the U.S. customer... ..the U.S. customer... ..the U.S. customer... ..the U.S. client... .. ..the U.S. customer... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Communications and consumer customers mainstream: unlike more than 30% of customers with power on the station in servers, games, computers, high-speed network areas using the most advanced production processes, the main clients of China-Cryspin International are communication-related chips such as fingerprint identification for mobile phones, power management, camera sensors, wifi, blue
Teeth, and consumer electronics and so on, smart homes, top box chips, which require the most advanced computer cpu/gpu/ai chips are still under-represented, which may have to wait until the production capacity of the CKI 14/12/7-8nm process is developed in large quantities.
In the short term, changes in the proportion of advanced-range receipts are not apparent: due to the global 28nm process crystal round generation, oversupply, middle core only negative Maori rates, middle core 28nm (mainly cell phone soc chip, object network, machine top box, digital television, surveillance video processor, image sensor, radio frequency front end chip)
The share of revenue fell from 8 per cent in 2017 to 4 per cent in 2019, but instead the demand for the 55/65nm processor for flash memory noor, cnos sensors, fingerprint recognition chips rose from year to year, but we expected the company to use the cell phone base frequency, the application processor, the radio frequency, the flatboard computer.
Top case, ai, vehicle, encrypted currency, and server armcpu chip client, 2% and 24% by comparison with next year, similar to the 109nm of combined electricity, but less than the historical data of 8 and the central core international harvest/profit and the assumptions behind the projections.
Increasing capital spending and accelerating the expansion of advanced process capacity: annual capital spending since China-King International entered this year has increased from nearly 50-60 per cent in the last two years to $6.7 billion in breath (the expansion of production capacity from the annual art and 12 “65,445 nm special process, which will also increase the complex growth of production capacity).
The 7nm process (projected price in 2021) raises the share of revenue by 5 points per year, but we expect me to see the membrane, design services, and other operations, such as sealing, 2020-Māori rate change: the middle core was approved by the board of directors on 29 July 2019 and will be located in Italy.
After 70 per cent of lfoundry ' s equity was transferred to a non-tin-cry semiconductor at $113 million, the quarterly Māori and operating margins of the Central Hedge improved by 3-5 points, but between 2017 and 2019, the depreciation cost increased by nearly 60 per cent to affect Māori during the balance of revenues.
After spending 100-150% of the revenue has become normal, significant investment in advanced and mature processes has resulted in increased corporate depreciation, which may keep the Māori ratio below the level of the industry for years to come. R&D projects are expanding, with R&D costs double the rate of revenue >: companies are now largely autonomous.
12 projects under study, including n+1, 12nm, 14nm, 22nm low capacity, and some 575 advanced process teams in 28nkmetalgate. 28nm radio frequency and 28/40nm high-pressure display drive chip, 55/40/28nmmmcnos image sensor
R & D projects (ciscmosimagesensor), 90/55/40nm embedded flash memory, 55/48 nmnor, 24nmslc (single-levelcell)nand, and 90nmbcd (bipolar-cmos-dmos) power management chips are in the mature and specialty process of some 232 people
Team management. Because R & D projects continue to expand to expensive 7-8nm, 12nm, 14nm, as a percentage, including large depreciation of R & D equipment (30% in 2019), testing (28%), staff payroll (20%), and central core international R & D costs as a percentage of revenue.
The ratio of revenues to more than twice as many as 8 to 9% of the power supply/combined power supply and 6 to 7% of the world’s advanced/hualong show that the company’s strategy is to expand research and development into advanced and distinctive process techniques, and then seize the market. Other benefits, such as financial and government subsidies, are a low- and high-profit focus: if only the sale of IASs.
Sold, managed, R & D core recurrent operating costs compared to Mäori, which should have been a small loss for the past two years and the next five years, so other benefits, such as financial and government subsidies, were the focus of observation on overall operating costs and low operating margins, with government projects mainly funded.
It is supposed to be a government grant for R & D related to assets and earnings, with 7-9% of the business and other revenues in the last few years being mainly from the various financial assets held by companies, derivatives of financial assets, public debt, and investment gains from the portfolio equity method of fund management.
The gains from the fair value of equity equity investments in the commingled assets amounted to $27.79 million, contributing to three points of operating profit, significantly higher than the $2.55 million in upper Lidu and $4.09 million in the same period last year, as well as to three points of operating profit, which is also significantly better than market expectations.
With financial gains, government subsidies and other revenues together account for about 13-15% of the revenues of the CKI, which explains why the CKI has been able to make a sustainable profit in the face of negative core operating margins. After receiving nearly 46.3 billion yuan or $6.6 billion in cash in the third quarter from shareholders in a new ipo stock.
Changes in corporate income tax: Unlike virtually all plants with electricity, the rates vary from one local government to another, with the rate of 15 per cent for the Central kernel plant in 2017-2019, the rate of 12.5 per cent for the Central kernel plant in 2018-2019, and the rate of 12.5 per cent for the Middle kernel plant in Beijing.
In 2019, a high technology-certified 15% rate of corporate income tax was applied. But the State Department announced on July 27, 2020 that the integrated power line is wide dry and equal to 28 nm production, such as North China.
China and the South of China will be exempt from corporate income tax for 10 years. The integrated electricity lines are smaller than 130 nm in manufacturing enterprises, such as 12 “The Middle-King Beijing (180-55nm) and 8” (350-90nm) will be exempt from corporate income tax for the first to second years, and for the third to fifth years.
Business income tax is levied at a legal rate of 25%. We therefore estimate that the net interest rate of China-Crys International will grow by less than the income growth over the next five years: due to the fact that China-Crys International's shareipo combined growth rate in mid-July was more than 18% compound growth, we expect the net interest rate of the company to be from this year.
Overseas investors still have to take into account the value of the Crystal Circle Industry and Hong Kong's listed China-Chole International, which is a reasonable measure of profit-making power generation and 8 “the top profit-making champions of the world are about 20-25 times the market rate and 1.1 times the peg, the lowest is about 10-13 times the city rate, 0.7 times the peg, and the highest is 2.5 times the net market rate and net asset earnings”.
The ratio, and the lowest 1.3-1.5 times the net market rate versus the net asset rate, has been 200 times higher than the average market rate since the China-King stock market moved from Hong Kong to Hong Kong. Not only did the Chinese-King stock market have been valued at over 50 times the market rate and over 5 times the net market rate versus the net asset rate.
More than 15 times the market gain, peg, nearly seven times the net market rate versus the net asset return (p/bvvs. roe). Our attribution to the high valuation of the middle core is: 1. The rareness of the semiconductor pole, with a market gain of more than 200 times per active trade; 2. Market core international is expected to exceed the GCR in five years.
The global market share of globalfoundries, which we expect to capture more than 10% of the global market share of kernel workers in the next decade: 3. Gradual reduction of the technology gap with power generation. Combined growth rate of harvests) but significant increases in depreciation costs in the second half of the year, harming the Māori rate and overall profitability.
Market value. For the more growth-oriented semiconductor industry, investors tend to value more for long-term gains. V. Risks for major industries and companies. Risks of significant increases in depreciation costs: Mid-Key International entered the 14/12nm process from the end of last year.
At the end of the year, 7-8nm was in production, and $6.7 billion is expected to be spent this year on high-yielding capacity and new process research and development, and the middle core will face an increase in investment in equipment and a sharp rise in depreciation costs.
The initial premium price of the advanced process, which can only be sold at the initial price of 3 to 5 years after the initial good rate (from the beginning of the price when the power build rate stabilizes, from the end of the period of 3 to 5 years to the end of the cost of depreciation plus the one-year residual value of 7 years (using the 6-year depreciation of the old equipment plus the one-year residual value).
Heath Risks: Since May 15th of this year, when the U.S. Department of Commerce's Industrial Security Department issued the Heath Clause, Heath has not been licensed to produce any new chip products, which we believe will affect the development of the 14/12/7-8nm process and mass production from co-researching with Heath to scoring.
We believe that this explains why, starting in the second quarter, the company stopped publishing changes in the 14nm collection ratio to investors. Cash flow shortfalls risk: according to our calculations, China-Cholel will invest 46.9 billion yuan this year.
This is an expense, but cash inflows from operating activities should be less than RMB 16 billion, and while this year they can be supplemented by 46.3 billion dollars from ipo financing, if capital expenditures remain above $40 billion next year, the cash inflows from operating activities should not be fully covered, which will increase the company's ability to keep current shareholders on the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment