The center core carries the history of hard core technology back on track, and Yuan Wai-jin, the crystal-crystal manufacturing industry is concerned with the accelerated growth of self-controllable policies.
In May, the U.S. Department of Commerce plans to upgrade to China’s limit, which is directed to power generation, basic data (2020), which will serve China’s crystal round workers.
Lu has been cut off on May 15, and says he has not planned to serve China as a translator after September 14. In the context of the escalating pressure for external sanctions, China’s semiconductor industry is carrying the historical mission, industrial policy, and resources of its own control.
The center core international and its industrial chains are constantly tilted, including the second phase of the major fund, annual government grants, staffing etc., which provide the center core for accelerated technology development and delivery.
The main shareholders (2020) have a strategy of cutting-edge replacements, advanced encapsulation, precision pricing strategies, good cooperative ecology, etc., in the field of crystal-cylinder generation.
0.15 μm0.18 μm and 40/45 nm, the 28 nm process accounted for about 4-5% in 2019, and 14 nanofinfet technology and second-generation finfet technology entered the customer import phase. We accounted for less than 2,000 mobile phone shipments from China, glory, oppo, vivo, millet, and so on.
The income structure (2019) is about 30%, with about 200 million mobile phones coming in each year, and 100 yuan per cell phone to the crystal mill, corresponding to a market increase of 20 billion dollars.
Space will be opened rapidly. (1) Trade environment constraints will be upgraded; (2) R & D will not be as fast as expected.
The first-generation industrial break-up is the firm’s fast-growing period.
Source/simulation, high pressure drive, storage chips, mixed signals/radio frequency, image sensors, etc., product applications include communications, consumer electronics, automobiles, industry, computers, etc.
The Division was in a build-up phase from the 12-inch plant to a breakthrough of $2 billion; from 2015 to date, the company had achieved 28/14nmfinfet, while the company had launched new and expanded production bases in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin and Shenzhen, and the company was in a period of rapid growth.
1.2 Crystal circle workers are the company’s core business, in the logical process, in the middle core, in the first integrated circuit crystalworker on the mainland to produce 14 nanometers of base.
In China, the most advanced 24 nanonand, 40 nano high-performance image sensors, special processes, collaboration with leading companies in various fields, and continuous growth of the market for the segmentation of special storage units, high-performance image sensors, etc.
The international community is also committed to building a platform-based eco-service model, providing customer design services and ip support, photo masking, contour processing and testing one-stop packages. 1.3 Tang Hong Kong is the company’s first shareholder.
In terms of the equity structure, the company increased its stock by 1.68 billion shares after the launch of the project, and the major shareholders, Tang Hong Kong, held 100 per cent of the shares of the China Information and Communication Technology Group Ltd., and Hsing Hong Kong, 100 per cent of the shares of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc.
In 2019, the company collected 22 billion yuan, a 4 per cent decline in the same year. According to the structure of the collection, 93 per cent of round workers and 7 per cent of businesses, such as photo masks and congee processing.
The company’s net profit from non-mortality has been lost for almost two years, mainly by expenditure on R & D. The company’s non-recurring gain or gain of $2.3 billion in 2019, with government subsidies of about the market that the company is facing in the current surrogate process, is under greater competitive pressure.
In the case of liquid assets, the company’s monetary capital has risen rapidly, increasing its reserves in addition to its own business, investments, bond issues, and borrowing. In the case of non-current assets, the firm’s fixed assets and construction in progress have steadily increased, mainly in recent years.
The ratios were 2.4 and 2.2, respectively. 91 and 51 respectively, respectively, of the company ' s inventory and accounts receivable swing days in 2019, a slight increase over the same period. In terms of fixed asset turnover, 65 per cent in 2019, compared to the same period
II. A clear pattern of the crystal circle industrial industry, with 2.1 semiconductor industrial policies constantly adding codes. The integrated circuit industry is at the heart of the information technology industry, supporting economic and social development.
Since 2000, the country has adopted a variety of regulatory policies that regulate industrial development and encourage industrial growth. After submitting its application for listing on the project board on 1 June, China and China received its request for listing on 29 June.
The company’s efficient listing process service also reflects the policy support it receives.
Integrated circuit chains include core, supporting and demand chains. Crystal circle manufacturing links are the top priority in the integrated circuit core industrial chain. Crystal circle manufacturing models can be divided into vertically integrated manufacturing models (idm) and crystal circle intergenerational modes.
(foundry) In the 1980s, as manufacturing processes rose, integrated circuits were being built, process research and development and the need for human and capital resources were increasing, most of the Idm were not willing or able to absorb the risks associated with huge inputs, and focused only on integrated circuit chips.
The idm model includes Intel, Samsung Electronics, British Eagle, and domestic firms include Yangjiang Storage, Slanwa, etc. Crystal Circle industries include Cyclops, Unions, Grovend, and mainland companies include China Hari International, Hua-chan Half-conductor, Hua Yunhua, San.
Figure 14 Integrated circuit core industrial chains has grown in recent years as emerging markets such as artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, 5g, and the global integrated circuits industry as a whole.
Sales grew from $23.82 billion in 2012 to $39.33 billion in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.72%. According to Chinese semiconductor industry statistics, Chinese integrated circuit sales rose from RMB 215.8 billion in 2012 to RMB 653.1 billion in 2018, an annual average.
In the context of Europe and America’s call for a return in manufacturing and rising overseas restrictions, China’s semiconductor industry has moved to a stage where it will not move forward. According to icinsights, in 2018, the market size of the global crystal round industry was at the same time.
According to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, China’s integrated circuit industry achieved RMB 181.8 billion in sales in 2018, an increase of 25.55 per cent.
In comparison to the RMB 60.1 billion in 2013, the composite growth rate was 24.78 per cent, achieving high global crystal round industrial market size ($ billion) and 19 Chinese integrated circuit manufacturing sales ($ billion)
The crystal circle industry is a technology-, capital- and talent-intensive industry characterized by a clear oligopoly. According to the icinsights, the top five manufacturers (power, Grovend, Unilever Electronics, China Harbour International, Crystal Technology) account for 88% of the global market.
The share of station power in the crystal circle manufacturing market is about 50%, and its volume is significantly superior to that of the center core. The rapid release began, reaching 36% in the second quarter of this year.
Most of these are smart phones, high-performance computers, and products include apples 0.15 μm/0.18 μm and 40/45 nm. The applications are mainly mobile backbones, wireless Internet chips, digital televisions, machine top boxes, smart cards, power simulation chips, etc.
In 2019, the process accounted for about 4 to 5% of the total, with 14 nanofinfet and second-generation Finfet technologies entering the customer import phase, with downstream applications including smartphones, tablets, top cases.
The most advanced crystal-crystal manufacturing line in land technology.
Overall, there are about 450 billion crystal-rounded industrial markets around the world in the crystal-round industrial sector, and the city’s market is composed mainly of smartphones, computers, automobiles, and access to goods, etc. The crystal-round industrial sector will continue to grow.
The rest of the players are U.S.C., Grovend, C.I.C., etc.
The pattern of competition between barriers, crystal-round industrial industries will remain stable.
Established in 1987 as the largest integrated circuit manufacturing service company in the world, the company has approximately 272 process techniques, including the world’s most advanced 7nm and 5nm generation processes. The company produces 10761 different products for 499 customers, with product coverage eliminated.
There's three 12-inch plants, four eight-inch crystal mills and a six-inch crystal mill in Taiwan, a 12-inch plant in Nanjing, and a full-time U.S. subsidiary, Wafertech (8-inch plant).
In 2019, the company and its son had an annual production capacity of about 12 million 12 inches of crystal equivalent.
This represents an increase of 19% and 12%, respectively. Of the company ' s 2019 Māori rate, net interest rate and net assets, $106 billion in cash and cash equivalents were recorded in 2019, with receivables and inventories of $32.6 billion and $19.3 billion, respectively.
At $314.8 billion, the increase in fixed assets was mainly due to the downfall of the 7nm manufacturing line.
The Department ' s capital expenditure of $10.94 billion, an increase of 67.6 per cent over the same period, is mainly related to the cost of research and development of 28 electrical power build-ups (millions) and the cost rate, as shown in the figure of 29 electricity build-up capital expenditure (billions)
3.2 Technology leads as the core element of the power-leading market, and smartphones produce about 1.4 billion items a year, in large quantities, and as cellular power increases, smartphone prices are on the rise.
See, according to idc, the amount of smartphones delivered was 1.37 billion in 2019. In 2019, during the transition period of 4g to 5g, consumers kept looking at 5g, so the amount of smartphones dropped, but the new 5g cycle will be followed.
In recent years, the average price of new smartphones has been on the rise. In the case of Apple phones, for example, Apple 4 has been issued at about 4999, while iphone 11promax, launched in 2019, has been sold at $9599.
The volume of shipments and the rising single machine value, the smartphone industry accounts for an important share of the semiconductor market, and its climate has a direct impact on the growth of the semiconductor industry. The smartphone chip determines cellular performance, and the high-end equipment of mobile operators is advanced.
A chip in an art-making process will be a prerequisite for a performance-led peer. A crystal-rounding industry can master a leading proxy process, which is equivalent to a market height for a smartphone chip. From the recently marketed mobile phone configuration, apples, Chinese mobile phones, and so on, all use the 7nm process.
Cell phone chips, surrogates, are all power stations (three-star idm model). Market status table, it's clear that they have become the core supplier of smartphone chips, and that technology leads by bringing bargaining power to companies and the profitability of leading their peers.
Recapture history, the growth of power generation has caught the tide of cellular smartness. In 2001, 0.13 μm of copper process technology, in 2005, 65 nm process volume, in 2011, 28 nm, mobile smartness has risen rapidly, and companies have built on their leading crystal-crystal manufacturing processes.
The 28nm process began in the year and in 2013, one or two years later than the power build-up, and in 2015 CKI began to produce 28nm. According to the advanced process, the Grovend, U.S.C. electronic process stayed at 12/14nm, while CKI achieved the 14nm process in 2019.
Moor's laws are constantly evolving, but subject to expensive R & D costs and production technologies, the upgrading of advanced processes increases the unit cost of chip manufacturing.
By collecting the crystal circle of the 7nm process, and analysing the cost of a single die under the 7nm process. A 12-inch crystal circle can cut about 721 7nmdies in a rough way, with a calculated net value of 545. The unit price of the crystal is $9965, an increase of 18% against 10nm.
The price of die is approximately $18.26, an 11.5 per cent increase over 10 nm, and the data show no reversal of the cost of single die after 10 nm. ibs also forecast the future 5 nm and 3 nm process nodes at the same time, and the corresponding prices show a clear upward trend.
According to public information, the U.S.C. indicated in 2018 that it would withdraw from the process below 12 nm and focus on optimizing the profitability of the process, and Grovend also indicated in 2018 that it would suspend the process for an indefinite period of time.
Advanced containment is an important complement to improving chip computing and integration in the context of Moor’s law’s slowdown.
Van-out and front-way advanced envelopes soic (system-on-integration-chips) and wow (wafer-on-wafer).
At the beginning, a battery chain of three-generation iPhone handler orders, with the exception of its own leading proxy process, has advanced encapsulation technology info.a11 uses copper poles (tivs) to replace commonly used plastic-piercing (tmv) techniques, combined with redistribution layers and silicon high-density power.
Technologies such as integration, while increasing chip performance, have reduced the thickness by 30%. The advanced containment process in the front of the battery will further enhance chip integration and power consumption. 3.4 Pricing strategy will target catchers precisely.
In the case of catchers, companies tend to set up precise pricing strategies. From the age of depreciation of machine equipment, the battery usually takes two to five years, while the industrial competitor loses.
Old periods usually take 5 to 10 years. From the R & D pace of the crystal-crystal engineering enterprise, it's three to five years ahead of the catcher. Assuming that the catcher achieves a sudden break in the process, the battery is able to calculate the cost of the equipment using the pre-period rapid depreciation.
Price reduction measures maintain a good level of profitability at the same time. In terms of the profitability of crystal circle industries, power generation profitability is unique in the field of crystal circle industries.
Figure 35 Summary of Mäori Rates by Enterprise, Figure 36 Summary of Net Interest Rates by Enterprise, 3.5 Relationships between Supply Chains
For the first time, the power grid 7nm+ manufacturing line was set up in euv (extreme UV carving), while the light-morning equipment was supplied exclusively to Asml.
The technology blockade has been applied to high-tech industries, while Esmeral’s euv equipment has become a strategic asset for the countries of Europe and the United States. In 2012, station power, along with Intel, Three Stars, asml, provided financial support to suppliers in the form of equity participation, and was supplied with equipment.
4.1 China-United States trading environment has become a necessary high ground, and China's external trading environment continues to be subject to restrictions.
In May 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce upgraded its communication program to a restriction on China, stating that overseas businesses using U.S. integrated circuit design software or U.S. semiconductor manufacturing equipment need permission from the U.S. Department of Commerce to go to China.
To provide technical services, the United States would have the right to impose sanctions on the companies concerned. The United States limits its internal capacity to the crystal-crystal-to-fever services. On July 19, in a performance report for the second quarter, it was revealed that the power supply had been cut off on May 15th, calling it non-existent.
In the context of the escalating pressure on external sanctions, China’s semi-conductor industry is carrying an autonomous historical mission, industrial policies, and resources to China’s core.
In the case of large funds, there is a trend towards a substantial increase in the amount of US$ 2.25 billion. In the case of government subsidies, China International is going to be able to raise US$ 2.75 billion in the first tranche of the Fund, the second phase of the Fund, and the Shanghai Integrated Circuit Fund.
In terms of staffing, Liang Meng-song has been a central force of companies that have broken through the advanced process since 2017. Liang Meng-song has been a research and development department for 17 years.
Management and assistance to Samsung to break through the 14nm process, in conjunction with the R & D planning of the current 14nm process at China Point International, the Liang Meng-song alliance undoubtedly matches the company’s core strategy.
Liang Mensong, a Taiwanese citizen, is currently the joint CEO and executive director of China Hari International. Liang Mensong, who has been the leader of the power-generation research and development department for 17 years, has helped build power for 130 nanometers, and ibm has therefore sold Grovend.
In 2011, Leung Meng Song formally joined the Tristar Group to assist the Samsung in developing a distance from 32/28 nanometers to 14 nanofinfet processes.
4.2 Financing to accelerate technological upgrading opens up room for growth as Moore's laws develop, and the cost of manufacturing rises exponentially. Integrated circuits are needed to achieve smaller wire widths, require ultra-violet engravings, or by increasing sedimentation and
The process upgrade requires increased investment in R & D inputs and equipment, forward capital, high R & D inputs as industrial catchers, the only way for companies to leapfrog into high-profit models, and the only way for the integrated circuit industry to become autonomous.
In mid-2019, the R & D cost rate was about 22%, significantly higher than that of our peers. The N & D rate was reduced by means of financing such as listing of panels and issuing bonds, and future R & D inputs were strongly and effectively supported.
The Sn1 project is the company's first 12 inches finfet.
Craft production lines are an important vehicle for advanced technology development and volume production at companies. The company expects that second-generation finfet technologies will increase performance by about 20% and reduce power consumption by about 60% based on a generation of products. 14 nanometers and below are used mainly for smartphones, artificial intelligence, and so on.
In areas such as intelligent driving, the market space is wide, and the main vehicles produced by the advanced process R & D of the center core are the 12 inches line of production in the middle core and the 12 inches line of production in the south of the centre core.
The 28/14nm process is in the “Sweet Node” made in a crystal circle, and the cost control of the corresponding process is most effective, with a stable annual market for mid- and low-end intelligence machines, object network chips, storage chips, etc., with a power supply of about 32% of the 28nm/16nm process camp.
We've counted about 60 billion. We've counted about 600 million shipments of Chinese, glory, oppo, vivo, millet, millet, popo, vivo, corresponding to 2000 dollars and dollar, corresponding to an increase in the market of 18 billion dollars. In 2019, China Cricket International collected about 20 billion.
In the future, the 28/14nm process will achieve volume production of scale, and corporate market space will be opened rapidly. Since middle core international net profit deductions are still in deficit, company valuation indicators are selected for a horizontal comparison between market sales (ps) and net market (pb). The data show that middle core international is still in deficit.
In the case of companies with semi-conductor industries that have already been listed, it will be possible to identify their services in a way that is consistent with national strategies, breaking through key core technologies, and achieving high-level recognition of STI firms.
Firms like Silicon Industries, China Micro Corporation, and Star Half-Induced Enterprises have offered higher valuation premiums due to the importance of their industries, their own scarcity, and so on. The current ps and pb remain below average compared to the middle-inventorial industries.
(i) The trade environment is limited and upgraded; (ii) R & D is not as advanced as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.