The continental crystal circle lead-up to the peak of the home-grown chips - the first report on the coverage of Mid-Crystal International (688981), 19th of August 2020.
China’s semiconductor industry has been growing rapidly in recent years, and the market is increasingly demanding integrated circuits. China’s Crystal Circle Industrial Lead Enterprise, representing the country’s most advanced technology, provides customers with a wide range of technical nodes from 0.35m to 14nm, integrated circuit crystal round workers from different process platforms, and ancillary services.
The country’s integrated circuit industry has invested 14 nm in technology nodes, and has already achieved volume production.
Large production capacity, further accelerating the process of nationalization of high-end chips, and meeting domestic chip demand. Markets for advanced processes are particularly demanding, with over-demand for advanced chips in areas such as 5g, networking, artificial intelligence, etc. The growth of the industry downstream is expected to create a strong pull on the high-end domestic chip market.
The company is the largest, most technologically advanced, multi-nationally operated, professional crystallized industrial enterprise on the mainland. It develops the most advanced 14nm technological nodes on the continent, bringing the continent’s autonomous R & D manufacturing level into the field of advanced production.
The company has increased its research and development investment in advanced processes and its skills acquisition in order to accelerate progress in advanced manufacturing. Market development prospects are wide, and demand for advanced processes increases: as goods are networked, 5g, and artificial intelligence industries.
The rise of Xia Qingjing and the demand for advanced high-end chips in the electronics industry has increased. China started late as a semiconductor industry s027005001
But in countries where the emerging electronics industry is growing more rapidly, high-end chip supply and demand are highly uneven, and market demand is increasing, but manufacturing technology is not yet breaking. Wide market demand will generate huge profits, or will accelerate the pace of advanced research and development and promote high-end chip nationalization.
He has landed on a stock market, promoted company development, and led to industrial progress: this year, the company was successfully listed on the Science and Innovation Board, raising more than twice as much money as it expected. The government also attaches great importance to the development of the integrated circuit industry, which is conducive to investment in research and development.
Talent absorption and expansion of productive capacity. Now that the crystal circle industry has entered the post-Morey era, the world’s cutting edge crystal circle, Xu Yibin, has slowed the pace of the process, giving China’s integrated circuit industry more time to catch up, hopefully soon.
The company’s main business is promising, high-end chip market demand is increasing, research and development inputs are increasing, policy support is increasing, national production substitution trends are continuing, and it is expected that there is still much room for growth in the company’s industry. In response to the company’s current stock prices, we believe that the company is still relatively undervalued, so the cover is given to the company for the first time.
Risk factors: Unexpected risks of technological innovation, risks of increased competition in the industry, failure to expand production capacity, 1. Corporate profile: Continental Integrated Circuit Crystal Circles (ICACs) Lead Industries - Smic Cores 1.1 Enterprise Background: Country-owned Crystal Circle Industrial Leadership Enterprises, Landing a Stock Stock with a Country-Breaking History
China Harbour International is China’s largest and most technologically advanced, multi-nationally well-serviced, professional crystalworker, leading Chinese crystalworker, and one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystallizers. The company mainly provides its clients with a number of technology nodes from 0.35 to 14nm, and airport ceremonies for different technology platforms.
In the area of logical processes and special processes, CKI is the first integrated circuit crystalworker to produce 14 nmfinfet in mainland China and owns it.
The country’s most advanced special processes, such as 24nmnand, 40nm high-performance image sensors. Chart 1: China’s main international business.
The main business is the crystal circle, which accounts for 93.12% of the revenue. Crystal circle manufacturing is a central part of the semiconductor industry chain, with high core technology, R & D talent, and financial thresholds. Consumer electronics are now becoming widely available, with rapid replacements, and the required chips are becoming more demanding. This has led to rapid and continuous growth in the semiconductor industry in the country.
China, as the world’s largest chip market, has a huge demand for chips. The company’s state-of-the-art technology has led to a proliferation of domestic and local customers, a boom in business, and a new development opportunity for China’s crystal round worker market.
Chart 2: An overview of crystal circle industrial processes The crystal circle industrial sector has capital-intensive and technology-intensive characteristics, with specific production links such as chip design, monocrystal silicon, crystal-crystal manufacturing, chip encapsulation and chip testing.
Develop, determine the purpose and utility of the anic and design the details to make a light mask, while transforming multi-crystal silicon into single-crysilica silicon by polishing, cutting, grinding, etc.
Telecommunication tests of the various test structures on the silicon are conducted and the eligibility rates of the crystal circle are tested before they can be sealed and tested to form a chip that can be sold to the client. Now, as the market demands on the chip rises, the capital barriers and technical barriers of the trans-employer are increasing.
In the process of upgrading, the vast financial needs and technological sophistication have led to an increasing number of participants and “outs” from the advanced process, with the industry assuming a preponderant monopoly. China’s semiconductor industry is late in starting, with relatively few technical and human resources, and the latest technology in the country is still two to three generations behind international advances.
There is no real control over China International, and the first and second largest shareholders are Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd. and Hing (Hong Kong) Investments Ltd.
The majority of them are held by China Information and Communication Technology Group Ltd., which holds 100% of the shares of China Harbour International, and 17% of the shares of China Harbour International: Hong Kong, which holds 100% of the shares of the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, which holds 15.76% of the shares between China and China, and the parent companies of the two major shareholders, both of which have a national capital background.
Strengthening technological R & D and upgrading manufacturing capacity. The chip R & D still requires substantial financial and technical support. Reliance on State-owned enterprises helps companies to obtain better funding and resource allocation, helps to absorb a larger pool of talent, and is expected to accelerate technology R & D in the future, and increases market ownership.
In the field of logical circuit manufacturing, companies have successfully developed a variety of technology nodes, including 0.35/0.25um, 0.13/0.11um, 90nm, 28nm and 14nm.
The node is the most advanced technology in mainland China, with the first generation of 14 nmfinfet technologies already in the production phase; at the same time, the company has successfully developed a variety of unique process platforms, such as power/simulation, high-pressure drive, embedded non-volatile storage, and has reached industry level.
Strong returns to a stock market, leading to the development of the domestic semiconductor industrial chain. More than a year after the United States stock retreated, China-Cholel International became the top home of the venture back home on July 16th, a well-established offshore venture.
Now that many countries have banned and restricted the supply of chips and equipment, the firm’s strong return as a transistor in China’s mainland is to inject a strong heart agent into China’s semiconductor industry. As China’s market demands for integrated circuits are growing, and the self-sufficiency of high-end chips is low, increasing the production process of its semiconductor industrial chain.
There is an imminent need for companies to return to the a-share market, finance more advanced R & D inputs, speed up production lines, and hopefully lead to technological advances in the semiconductor industrial chain and industrial development in the country.
In recent years, the company’s performance has been steadily rising, mainly as a result of the company’s leading technology in the domestic market, the one-stop service industry chain, China’s manufacturing base, and the radiation-based global service network. As the domestic semiconductor market increases demand and demand for integrated circuits, the company builds and owns many in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Shenzhen, China.
8 inch and 12 inch production bases and market extension offices in the United States, Europe, Japan, and Taiwan, China, can increase the production capacity of crystals, expand markets, and provide high-quality services to domestic and foreign customers. Meanwhile, the center core of China’s flagship industry, which is a domestic crystallizer, has been working to develop a mature process of expansion and advanced production.
Figure 6: Distribution of the main companies and factories in China-Cholel International has increased domestic demand and operating income steadily. From 2015 to 2019, corporate revenue grew steadily, except for a small rebound in 2019. This was mainly due to the rapid development of China’s integrated circuit industry, Crystal.
China’s integrated circuit industry has begun late in comparison to the mature United States, Japan, and Europe. But, with such advantages as huge market demand, rich demographic dividends, stable economic growth, and a favourable national industrial policy environment, China’s integrated circuit industry has developed rapidly.
In the semiconductor sector, leading firms provide the domestic market with integrated circuit crystal round workers and apparel services at different technology nodes. If the company continues to break out of technology, business earnings will increase further, and in the future will lead to the emergence and expansion of the local market for the crystal round workers and the gradual nationalization of chips.
Investment in R & D is growing year by year, and is aimed at advanced processes. The integrated circuit crystal circle industry is technology-intensive, and the technology process is high and low, determining the extent of chip performance and the range of products that can be used.
More than 10% of the Division's total. The company has now successfully developed a variety of technology nodes between 0.35m and 14nm. This year, the Department has achieved 28 nmhkc+ and the first generation 14 nmfinfet processes and has achieved a steady pace of research and development of the second pair of finfet processes, which also represents the formal entry of China's autonomous R & D-ic manufacturing level.
In the area of advanced processes, there is a gap between companies and the most advanced levels in the world, but market crystal-circle processes are moving at a speed that slows companies into catching up with more time and opportunity, and companies will continuously increase their investment in advanced processes, accelerate advanced processes of research and development, make every effort to catch up with global levels, and hopefully close the gap with global champions in the future.
1.3 Industry status: The world is ranked fifth at this stage in terms of industry, and the continent is ranked first in terms of the absolute leader of China’s continental crystal round-worker industry, with China’s leading technological process, but with a certain gap from the latest global level, with China now ranked fifth.
The first is the generation of power in Taiwan, which accounts for more than half of the market and most of the profits of the crystal round workers, and has the latest advanced 7nm process technology that has already been produced. Today, the advanced process nodes below 10 nanometers can only be developed and produced globally by three companies, namely power stations, Samsung, and Intel.
In today’s information age, there is growing demand for, demand for, and dependence on, electronicization, automation, and intelligence, as well as demand for the integrated circuit industry. The integrated circuit industry, as the foundation and core of the global information industry, is known as “food for modern industry.”
China’s integrated circuit industry is still at the stage of development, two to three generations behind the world’s most advanced levels. China attaches great importance to the development of the integrated circuit industry, and has put in place policies in the areas of taxation, financing, and talent to support domestic integrated circuits companies in order to accelerate the development of the integrated circuit industry.
The Ministry of Labor and Industry is responsible for revenue collection, the grid core is factored into ibm’s operating income, power generation is included only in crystal circle industrial revenues, and the Huayong semiconductor calculates only wealth.
2. Industrial profile: The potential for the development of the country’s crystal-crystal generation is enormous, and the emerging industries are opening up to 2.1 industries: the domestic chip supply and demand are highly uneven, and the international market effect is evident in the mismatch between supply and demand in the market for integrated circuits in mainland China. First, the supply of integrated circuits in the continental market is high.
In 2019, the mainland market needed $118 billion in chips, compared to $30 billion in home-grown supplies, a difference of $88 billion. For a long time, the country now accounts for about 25% of the demand.
Figure 10: China’s continental chip demand versus supply ($1 billion), so the demand for integrated circuits in mainland China is still heavily dependent on imports, and the trade deficit is increasing from year to year. According to China, 756.2 billion yuan a year. Compared to 2015, the combined annual growth rate in the integrated circuits industry grew over five years.
At the technological level, the current chip technology in mainland China is difficult to meet the demands of cutting-edge advanced processes.
The state-of-the-art process below 10 nm is currently capable of research and development. China’s advanced process is lagging behind, and China’s state-of-the-art medium core is currently in production at 2019q4 at 14 nmfinfet, while power generation has advanced to the 5 nm process, which is at least two times different from that of a station.
At the same time, high-performance computing chips often need to take the lead in state-of-the-art processes, taking advantage of the market through performance advantages, e.g., americium 820, americium 985, americium 990/9905g, etc. High-end processor chips are replaced by power. Thus, there is a high degree of imbalance in the supply of and demand for chips in the country.
At the same time, at the global level, the market effect of the chip is evident. The Matthews effect is that the stronger the stronger, the weaker the weaker, reflect the polarization of the crystal circle industry.
According to the ranking of global market sales in the pure crystal round industry published by icinsights in 2018 (not counting the tristars), power generation accounts for 59% of the global market for pure crystal round workers. Power generation is the global crystal round industrial leader, with a relatively stable industry pattern. Crystal round workers are in the middle manufacturing phase of the entire industrial chain and have a capital secret.
The combination, technology-intensive and talent-intensive characteristics require significant capital, capital and capital investment, as well as research and development inputs. In the case of R & D inputs, R & D inputs have been growing steadily over the last three years, four to five times as much as in the center core.
Other companies in the industry. Apart from that, power-trading accounts for more than half of the market ' s profits. Compared to the operations of listed companies in the Crystal Circle Industry, the Māori rate of power-generation has stabilized at around 50%, well above the average of 20% in other firms.
2.2 Future hotspots: advanced process markets are promising, with microchips such as 5g, object networking, artificial intelligence, etc., and with the advancement of 5g technology, China’s total base stations are expected to be between 700,000 and 800,000 by 2020.
Each year, 5g will drive a total direct output of 6.3 trillion yuan and an indirect total output of 10.6 trillion yuan. And as the commercialization process moves forward, there will also be a degree of transformation in the output structure of our 5g industry, of which 5g interest service providers will grow significantly in the future as basic 5g facilities become available.
At present, clients’ demand for micro-fi, bluetooth technology, mcu, etc. is growing, thus driving demand for special processes such as special storage. With mcu chips, for example, the global volume of mcu is expected to reach 57.3 billion in 2025 and compound growth between 2015 and 2025.
In addition to this, the need for a chip in the network terminal, driven by the rapid development of 5g, will continue to rise. In the case of hand-held radio frequency modules, for example, the demand for cellular radio frequency modules has increased as a result of technological upgrades between 4g and 5g, with a one-to-two-fold increase in the requirements for filters, radio frequency switches and pa (power amplifiers).
Figure 18: Number of radio frequency modules required for cell phones 4g and 5g singles (numbers) Artificial intelligence is the core driving force of the new round of industrial change, which will drive the transformation of trillions of digital industries, thus increasing demand. Using the structure of the artificial intelligence industry, for example, the development of artificial intelligence will drive the base layer (hard).
There is an expansion of demand at the four levels (ai+) of platforms and systems (basic open-source framework, open-technology platform) and applications. The latest release of China artificial intelligence software and applications by the International Data Corporation (idc)
The overall market size, including hardware, will be $6 billion. By 2024, China ' s market size for AI software and applications will be $12.75 billion, and the capr will be 39.0 per cent in 2018-2024.
3.1 Strategic adjustment: To boost the 14nm advanced crop rate, to expand the scale of the 28nm+ mature process operation Development of different technology nodes of integrated circuit crystal round, with products to be used in multiple end areas. Integrated circuit crystal round industry based on 8 or 12 inches of crystal circle, using a variety of specialized equipment and materials, depending on the client's needs.
Nanotechnical nodes, applied to different process platforms, have the capacity to produce quantities from multiple process platforms such as logical circuits, power/simulation, non-lossive storage, mixed signals/radio frequency, and provide customers with integrated circuit crystal round workers and ancillary services in different end-use areas such as communications products, consumer goods, automobiles, etc.
14nm and 28nm advanced product yields are relatively low, and 28nm production capacity is overstretched. At present, 28m of global pure crystal round millers have more production layouts, which negatively affect the ability of companies to digest 28nm production products, which in 2017, 2018 and 2019 were divided into 1,634 million yuan and 1,245 million yuan.
The production line is subject to high depreciation pressure; in the fourth quarter of 2019, the company began to produce 14 nanometer production products, with revenues of $5,706.15 million, or 0.29 per cent. The movement of the industrial chain to the mainland has developed to provide opportunities for domestic integrated circuit manufacturers.
The move from the United States, Japan, Europe, and Taiwan to mainland China and South-East Asia is conducive to the development and accumulation of advanced technologies by domestic enterprises and to the enhancement of market competitiveness. China’s ongoing construction and addition of new crystallized mills have provided strong support to the integrated circuit industry in China in terms of cost reduction, expansion of production capacity, and geographical accessibility.
Promoting the development of the integrated circuit industry, along with the strong demand for integrated circuits in continental markets, investment by market investors, hot tides, creating an enabling environment for the integrated circuit industry to expand and upgrade the integrated circuit manufacturing chain in mainland China
The global semiconductor industry has changed three times, expanding its mature production capacity and taking advantage of market opportunities for the transfer of integrated circuits to mainland China. In the last three years, China-Cholel International's annual production capacity (about 8 inches) has been 52,891, 5,393.2 and 54,825 units, respectively, in 2019.
The utilization rate of 93.99% requires further upgrading of capacity in order to seize key market opportunities, increase market occupancy and better meet end-market demand. Companies will continue to expand their capacity in mature and advanced areas and may face depreciation charges over a period of time as construction works reach pre-determinable levels and move to fixed assets.
With further increases, the company optimizes the product mix, while meeting the demand for orders, by diverting some of the generic equipment originally used for the 28 nanometer process to produce more profitable alternative production products and reducing the low Māori rate
Upgrades the mature process process and digs deep into the mature process market. The company continues to scale up its advanced process input, successively achieving research and development on the 28 nanohkc+ and 14 nanofinfet processes, and the second generation of the Finfet technology platform has entered the customer import phase. On this basis, the company has gradually expanded its portfolio of advanced technology node applications, packages.
These include high-end consumer goods, high-speed computing, media applications, application processors, artificial intelligence, and automobile electronics.
In the area of logical processes, China Harbour International is the first crystal-crystal engineering firm in mainland China to produce 14 nanofinfet quantities. It represents the most advanced level of autonomous research and development of integrated circuit manufacturing technology in mainland China. It is continuing to promote research and development projects aimed at mature and advanced processes and constantly improving the performance of existing products.
To meet the different needs of clients and to continuously expand the application area; in the area of specialty processes, the center core international has been rolling out the most advanced 24 nanonand, 40 nano high-performance image sensors on the mainland of China, working with leading companies in various fields to achieve sustained growth in the segmented market, such as special storage units, high-performance image sensors, and large inputs
Moor's law promotes greater integration of widgets and higher manufacturing cost index levels. Moor's law, proposed by one of the founders of Intel, means that the number of absorbable units in integrated circuits will be reversed every 18-24 months on a price-neutral basis.
Doubles, and doubles in performance. Moor's law has led to a significant increase in the integration of components, demands that the width of integrated circuits be reduced, and that integrated circuit manufacturing companies need to invest more and more sophisticated light engravings, etchings and film deposition equipment, which have resulted in huge equipment inputs, according to ibs, with technology nodes.
In the fourth quarter of the year, production was achieved, and the next generation of process is in the process of being imported by customers.
The integrated circuit crystal-crystal process is in the process of being developed in mainland China. From the point of view of increasing the company’s crop rate, the combined crop rate is influenced by a combination of time mobility, actual performance efficiency, and quality conformity, increasing the time-activity rate by shortening the irregular downtime during the manufacturing process, and optimizing management and tightening it.
The process of manufacturing controlled products to improve the quality of the product, combined to boost the crop activity rate of the company's 14nm production, reduce waste and increase the level of Māori advanced production. 3.2 Arrival share: embrace home country financial, technological and technological resources, and then lead the country's production chips to peak.
It's been working on integrated circuits since its inception. In 2000, the company was built in Shanghai at Dongkai, the first company in mainland China to build an integrated circuit crystal circle for 0.18 micro-tech nodes. In 2003, it acquired the Motorola Crystal Production.
In mid-husk Tianjin, the company ' s initial accumulation of crystal circle engineering and technology was made profitable for the first time in 2004 and was listed at Hong Kong Union House and the United States New Exchange: in 2015, the company entered a period of rapid growth and became the first company on the mainland to produce 28 nm in terms of new expansions of production bases in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin and Shenzhen, respectively, in 2019.
A major breakthrough has been achieved, with the second generation of finfet entering the customer-import phase. So, after 20 years of development, China’s international industry has become one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystal-cryscopic industrial enterprises, and in 2020 it was successfully listed in China’s Science and Technology Board, with the aim of opening financial markets in mainland China, with a wider financing space for companies to upgrade their technology.
Brands are strong, working closely with upstream and downstream firms. They continue to win recognition and recognition from their clients, relying on excellent R & D technology, strong manufacturing capacity, well-developed systems of support services, rich market practice, good industry awareness for companies, and well-known integrated circuit design companies and systems manufacturers.
Upstream suppliers see a multiplicity of collaborative eda manufacturers, design service enterprises and third-party ip suppliers that provide customers with one-stop designs and drift services, ranging from demonstration system reference to system-wide customized chip customizations, deepening the business layout of companies at all stages of the industry chain, effectively consolidating the branding effect of companies and promoting branding.
In-depth research cooperation to promote technological upgrading and academic exchange among the academic community.
Industrialization, building autonomous innovation systems, providing on-the-job training, developing high-end academic talent for industry and promoting academic exchange between the academic and industrial communities. 3.3 Industry competition: promising catch-up to the first three As in the global industry.
Telecommunications, grid cores, and crystal-crystal in the post-Moor era. Looking at the state of advanced producers in the entire crystal-crystal manufacturing industry, the most advanced industries can only be counted, and the most advanced processes below 10 nm are currently capable of research and development. The 7nm production capacity is now full, and the three stars are focused on the 5 nm process.
Fonde forgoing advanced research and development of less than 7 nm, and telecommunications for less than 12 nm. The center core international has a layout of 14 nm or even 7 nm, and after the actual harvest of 14 nm by the end of 2019, it is expected that there will be a large volume of production plans in 2021.
Intergenerational speed slows down, allowing more time to catch up with advanced track catchers, represented by Mid-Cryston International. Policy tilts, high capital, multi-talents together drive the R&D process, and output layout accelerates. Crystal production is semiconductor production.
The higher the demand for technology, crafts, and equipment, the more expensive it is. Today, the country has put in place policies that strongly support the development of the domestic semi-conductor sector, give semi-conductor enterprises more financial support and policy preferences, and implement a talent-introduction policy that allows companies to attract high-end semiconductor talent to the industry and develop in a good industrial environment; and at the same time, companies are highly well-advanced.
Returning to the a-share market, raising large amounts of development finance, and having the country’s leading advanced process technology nodes, have a unique competitive advantage at the domestic level. The investment of capital, the absorption of talent, and the development of technology have all helped to speed up the R&D process and increase the capacity of firms to move up to the advanced international technology, with the prospect of entering the world’s top three sectors in the future.
3.4 Growth in performance: Domestic substitution + advanced process + productive capacity expansion: Trade friction is uncertain, national substitution is accelerating. On March 22, 2018, the United States announced the start of tariff escalation on Chinese products, and the effects of trade frictions between China and the United States continue to this day. The core of this trade friction is high-end manufacturing, while the main focus is on high-end manufacturing.
High-end manufacturing is most constrained by integrated circuits, the impact of which cannot be ignored by China Harbour International as the leading integrated circuit enterprise in mainland China; trade frictions have accelerated the process of national substitution, national substitution packages, including computer technology systems, high-end servers, databases, etc., further catalyzing the autonomous control of integrated circuits, central cores, etc.
Internationally, leading firms in integrated circuit technology at the national level, are expected to benefit fully from the emergence of an integrated circuit in a national alternative wave, increasing market share, or technology at the international top level. The launch of the New Time Policies for Quality Development in the Integrated Circuit Industry and Software Industry on 4 August gave confidence to the domestic integrated circuit and software industry to connect.
This is a public call for a net amount of money.
The sum of RMB 800 billion will be spent on the 12-inch chip sn1 project. The 12-inch chip sn1 project has invested US$ 9,059 million in planning for a monthly production capacity of 35,000 pieces, with 14 nanometres and below, and is currently producing 6,000 pieces. The advanced technology node is the main driver of the future integrated circuit crystal round industrial development.
Power. Advanced processes such as 14 nanometers and below are mainly applied to emerging areas such as 5g, artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, high-speed computing, and are promising for future development. As the relevant applications continue to develop, the market demand for advanced processes will continue to rise and the market share will expand to become a new growth point in the integrated circuit crystal round.
Quarterly financial reports generated $938 million, or 4 per cent ring growth, or 19 per cent; Māori $249 million, or 6.4 per cent ring increase, or 64.5 per cent increase. Advanced processes accounted for Pilal, q2 quarter 14nm and 28nm process, compared with the incremental increase in the expansion of the Crystal Circle Factory, which contributed to the company ' s performance.
119.09 billion yuan, 1,592 million yuan and 17.06 billion yuan, mainly for the expansion of crystallized mills, the supply capacity of companies has steadily increased with the introduction of advanced process techniques and the expansion of their original capacity, and the city share is expected to increase further, and the firm ' s performance has steadily improved.
Key assumptions and profit projections: (i) Integrated circuit crystal round workers: 93.12 per cent of the company ' s total revenues were collected in 2019 by crystal round industries, which were the main drivers of growth in corporate income. In 2019, the company successfully developed 14nm technology nodes and the first generation.
As the world’s semiconductor industry moves eastwards and the Chinese electronics industry’s demand for integrated circuits continues to rise, the Chinese core, with the country’s most advanced technology, has not arrived or is about to rise. In 2019, the company will raise more funds for technology.
R & D and capacity expansion are expected to increase business income further. But crystal round workers are technology-intensive niches, where technological upgrading and new production line inputs will drive higher costs and M & A rates may be declining. We expect 2020-ii other major businesses: other major companies account for a relatively small share of business, mainly in the form of photo-film production for customers.
Companies have a greater competitive advantage in supporting services. Companies have the largest and most advanced photo masks manufacturing equipment in the country, the ability to provide large-scale high-density mesh plus services, and a wide range of services that meet customers’ needs for various ip and chip designs.
The increased demand for chips can also drive the increase in demand for support services, and it is expected that other major business operations in the future will be steadily improving, with a significant increase in demand for high-end chip markets, a gradual increase in investment in research and development, strong support for national policies, a continuation of the trend towards national production generation, and a projected significant development space for the industry in which the company is located.
The company is still relatively undervalued, so for the first time it is covered with an “enhancement” rating. Technological innovation is not as fast as expected.
Considerable funds are invested in advanced research and development, which is expected to accelerate the pace of high-end chip research and development. Although the most advanced enterprises in mainland China have developed technology, there may be bottlenecks in technology research and development, which has not been as fast as expected, and the risk of increased competition in high-end chip markets. As China’s information diffusion accelerates, the demand for integrated circuits has increased significantly, and the demand for integrated circuits has increased.
Integrated circuit-related companies are also growing and industries are more competitive. The firms concerned have increased their investment in technology research and development in order to accelerate the pace of R & D, despite the fact that Mid-Kinji International has the most advanced technology on the continent, but there is greater uncertainty about technology R & D, which may run the risk of faster R & D by competitors and catching up with firms, assimilating firms' competitive advantages, markets, etc.
The transfer of integrated circuits to the east offers great opportunities for Chinese firms to benefit from technological R & D and learning from mainland firms, as well as significant market demand. The company’s most advanced technology, the 14nm technology node, has been successfully developed and the first generation has achieved production.
If requested, companies need to continue to further upgrade their capacity, but sufficient funds and technology are needed to achieve the volume of production at key technology nodes and to expand their capacity, and companies may face the risk that the expansion of capacity will fall short of expectations and will not be able to deliver sufficient products.