On 30th of July, 2020, the first share of the continental crystal circle, 20 years ahead of it.
China Harbour International is the largest, most technologically advanced, well-equipped, transnationally operated, specialized crystal-crystal factory, known as the fifth and first largest global plant, which provides one-stop support for design services and ip support, photo masking, concussion processing tests, etc. The first two shareholders are effectively controlled by the Chinese Information and Communications Technology Group/Large Fund.
With a profit of $64 million, an increase of 433 per cent, a Māori rate of 25.8 per cent, an increase of 2.05 pct, and a continuous improvement in profitability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In mid-2019, the cores grew from 36% in 2020 to more than 50% in 2025. These include the mature logic process of 0.35 m-40nm, the advanced logic process of 28 nm and 14 nmfinfet, and the unique process service of 0.35 mm-40nm, one of the only five manufacturers in the world with 14 nm capacity.
It represents the continent’s highest level of technology in the crystal circle manufacturing chain, with customers covering the heads of foreign and domestic dragons such as Heith, Hightower, Botun, among whom China is the first customer, earning 19% of the revenue in 2019.
In 2018, our trade deficit in the integrated circuits was $227.5 billion, with a huge gap; 56% of the production of the crystals was occupied by the station, and only 28% of the combined share of the new cores of China-Crystal International, the China-Worn Group and Wuhan were in the process of becoming less productive and less advanced, and national production was in need of development in the context of increased technological regulation in the United States.
As of 2019, the proportion of crystal round manufacturing in the first phase of the major fund was up to 67%, and the medium term is expected to accelerate the process of manufacture of crystal circle, materials, replacement of equipment, and the benefit of companies associated with the industrial chain.
China’s capital investment continues to increase, with the net value of fixed assets growing annually, with 22% of R&D costs in 2019, ranking first among comparable companies in the same industry, and 8% of electricity in the same period. The project will be marketed, and funds will be raised to promote 14nm and below, and strategic sales will involve upstream and downstream firms in the industrial chain, taking full advantage of industrial synergies.
We believe that corporate innovation will not only expand access to finance, but also fully benefit from domestic policy dividends and production chain support, and that, by gradually addressing advanced technological and productive disadvantages in the future, it will rapidly grow into an international crystal circle leader, breaking out of a super-high pattern of global crystal circle industries.
China-US trade friction risks, R & D less than expected, and the impact of the new crown epidemic. First, the first share of the continental crystal circle workers, 20 years ahead, was founded in 2000 and is now the world’s fifth largest and continent’s largest crystal circle factory.
μm technology nodes. From 2003 to 2009, China Harbour International achieved the production of 0.13 μm, 90 nm, 65 nm technology nodes, which, owing to lack of a sense of self-protection of intellectual property rights, were caught up in a six-year patent litigation with power generation, blocking the process of rapid development. Since 2009, China Harbour has gradually moved out of patent litigation.
Shadow, autonomous research and development by its own means. In 2011, Cyclops International achieved 50 nm, 40/45 nm, and in 2014, Highston announced that Dragons 410 will be handed over to Cyclops International to reduce manufacturing costs. In 2015-2019, Cyclops International moved into a high-speed development phase.
A zero-breaker in the field of manufacturing technology achieved the volume of 14 nmfinfet technology in 2019 ... represents the most advanced level of technology developed by the continent in the crystal-crystal manufacturing chain. In 2019, Mid-Crystal International was ranked fifth in the global market for pure +idm, with a 5% city share.
After 20 years of development, China Harbour is now one of the most technologically advanced, large-scale, well-equipped and multi-nationally operated specialized crystal-crystal millers on the mainland. China Harbour now owns four 300 mm crystal-crys (2 in Beijing and 2 in Shanghai), three 200 mm crystals (1 each in Shanghai, Tianjin and Shenzhen), and one 300 mm cam-processing plant (in Jiangsu).
The company provides one-stop-shop services to construct the industrial ecological chain. In addition to the crystal-drilling industry business, the company is also a customer.
Design services and one-stop packages such as ip support, photo masking, contour processing and testing, while actively upgrading the integration and layout capacity of the industrial chain, working closely with industry chain companies to provide customers with integrated, integrated circuit solutions.
Design services and ip support. Companies can provide a variety of services such as self-researching ip, third-party ip, reference design processes, and design support to meet clients’ needs for various ip and chip designs. In design services, China-Crystal International provides backend graphic design, layout line design, reference design processes based on different eda design environments, etc.
At the same time, it can provide a full-process design service to test the chip, thereby supporting the company ' s process development and the client ' s new product stream. In the context of the ip support, it covers a wide range of ip types, such as embedded processors, embedded non-volatile storage, simulation of mixed signals, high-speed interfaces and radio frequency.
A high-level library of modules and ip modules can reduce the design time of clients while enhancing the compatibility of client product design programmes with the Division ' s integrated circuit crystal-crystal intergenerational technology.
Figure 4: Mid-Crystal International works with a large number of well-known manufacturers in the global industry to build the ip eco-coalition photo masks. During the crystal circle manufacturing process, complete integrated circuit design is required on the photo mask model, followed by the luminous process of transferring the integrated circuit design to the crystal circle. The photo mask is a key component in the integrated circuit manufacturing process.
Its performance and manufacturing capabilities directly affect the quality of light-engineing processes. China Harbour International currently has the largest and most advanced photo mask manufacturing facility on mainland China, producing photo-shelter products for 0.35 mm-14nm technical nodes, while providing customers with a variety of photo-shelter varieties, such as binary masks, migration masks, proximity correction models.
A tight security control system that guarantees the customer ' s intellectual property rights while keeping the photo mask low. Bumps processing and testing. In 2014, the China-Key International and Long-Technology joint venture was established in Jiangsujiang City to conduct a concussion processing and sealing operation. By the end of 2019, the country had 55.97% of the shares in the medium-core-long power, and the medium-core-long power was the center core.
An international holding subsidiary. Bump processing refers to the production of integrated circuits with high-precision exposure, ion treatment, electroplating, etc. 8 or 12 inches of crystal. Medium core long power can now provide customers with a large-scale, high-density medium-cam processing service for the 0.35 μm-14nm process, with advanced crystal-crystal and system-level tests.
Camp bases, which can provide high-rate, high-reliability crystallization testing services to clients. Figure 6: Medium-core long power lines, fragmented corporate equity structure, with the first two shareholders in the country.
The shareholders were Da Tang Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Hong Kong) and Jinxi (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Hong Kong) Ltd., with 17% and 15.76% respectively as of the end of 2019.
Kim (large fund), both of which have a national background. Figure 7: The middle-core international equity structure is fragmented and there is no single holding shareholder. Figure 8: Grand Tang Hong Kong equity structure
By the end of 2019, the company had 37 holding subsidiaries and 26 participating companies with shares or interests. Five of them, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
To be responsible for technology research and development, the three companies in China, China, China, China, and Shanghai are holding the stock. Figure 10: China, China, Main Holdings, is moving into a high-growth phase driven by new applications such as 5g, the Internet, and artificial intelligence.
Since its establishment, the company has undergone three stages of development: 1) the foundation period (2000-2004): the foundation ceremony for the first furniture of the mainland was held in Beijing in the year when the company was founded, and the acquisition and establishment of the Tianjin Motorola Crystal Mill in 2003: the initial accumulation period was completed with the certification and volume of 0.35 m-0.13 m technology.
2004 - 2015: The company ' s production of a 12-inch crystal circle plant in Beijing was phased in in 2004, marking the company ' s first industrialization of a 12-inch crystal circle; in 2005, the company ' s revenue broke out for the first time by $1 billion, and the upgrading and volume of 90 nm, 65/55nm and 40/45nm technical nodes was achieved in sequence between 2006 and 2011; net production was achieved in 2012
The loss of profits was reversed, with the first recovery of $2 billion in 2013; the elimination of crystalline operations from Wuhan's new core with a low rate of Maori in 2014 increased the overall efficiency of the operation of the crystal mill and continued to consolidate the company's leading position in the field of trans-continental work. 3) The high-speed development period (2015-present): in 2015, the company successfully developed a 28nm technology node and achieved the continent's high level
Zero breakthroughs in the field of end-chip manufacturing technology; first breakthrough of $3 billion in 2017 in corporate revenue; first generation production of 14 nmfinfet technology in 2019, representing the most advanced state-of-the-art technology that the continent has developed autonomously in the crystallized manufacturing chain. With the rise of new applications such as 5g, object networking, and artificial intelligence, downstream demand for replacements of high-performance chips has grown and companies have begun to enter.
Figure 11: Mid-Key International is moving into a high-speed development phase, and from quarterly data, the middle-Key International income has grown steadily since 209q1, the Māori rate has recovered steadily since the bottom of 2018q4 and profitability has improved steadily. 2019q4 achieved $839 million, an increase of 6.4 per cent, compared with 6.4 per cent.
Net profit was $89 million, an increase of 230 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 23.8 per cent, ring increase of 2.96 pct; 2020q1 achieved a gain of $905 million, an increase of 35.3 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $64 million, an increase of 433 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 25.8 per cent, and II. Technology nodes gradually break out and capacity expansion steadily progresses
With autonomous R & D, the company has gradually broken through a number of technology nodes and now has the crystal-crystal capacity of 0.35 μm-14nm technology nodes. Since its inception in 2000, China Harbour has successfully developed a number of technology nodes such as 0.35/0.25 μm, 0.18/0.15 μm, 0.13/0.11 μm, 90 nm, 65/55 nm, 45/40 nm, 28 nm and 14 nm, becoming mainland China.
At the same time, CKI can provide customers with a rich mix of products, including embedded non-volatile storage, non-frustible storage, high voltage drive, mixed signals/radiofrequency, image sensors, power sources/simulation, etc.
Figure 15: Mid-Crystal International can provide a rich mix of products, and the technical node is represented by the width of the line between transistors, and its sophistication directly determines the performance level of the chip. In 1965, Gordon Moore proposed Moor's Moor Law, which states: the number of transistors that can be accommodated on the integrated circuit chip, about.
The microprocessor has doubled its performance in 18-24 months; and the price has been reduced by half. Since then, the integrated circuit chip has roughly evolved along the lines given by Moore's Law, the manufacturing process has determined the performance level of the product and measured the level of the crystal circle by the process. As defined by the intrs (International Semiconductor Technology Road Map), the spectra node algebra is half of the transistor.
Characteristic dimensions such as hlf-pitch or gatelegth indicate that advanced processes represent the most advanced of several process nodes currently made from crystals. Figure 16: Technical nodes are represented by the width of the line between transistors
The company continuously expands the product mix and application to maintain the technological advantage of the break-down areas. At present, the center core international is capable of providing 0.35 μm-14nm of logical processes, including the mature logic process of 0.35 μm-40nm, the advanced logical process of 28 nm and 14 nmfinfet, and the specialty process services of 0.35 μm-40nm.
In the process, the 45/40nm, 65/55nm and 90nm processes combined with high performance and low power, the 0.13/0.11 m and 0.18/0.15 m processes, respectively, achieved a copper-wide and aluminium-based process that effectively controlled costs while meeting high performance. Corporate clients are rich and cover a large number of high-quality design firms both at home and abroad.
Hightowers, Botón, Gekkowi, mega-innovation, purple light displays, etc., have a large number of large chip design companies, the top five clients from 2017 to 2019, with combined sales of 10.79 billion yuan, 10.41 billion yuan and 9.51 billion yuan, accounting for 50.45 per cent, 45.22 per cent and 43.21 per cent of total sales. Of these, China is the first largest customer in China and has contributed about 17-25 per cent of its income in the past year.
In 2019, 19 per cent of contributions were made, with products mainly ap/soc chip, machine cap box and power management chip; high connectivity was the second largest inter-Cyceral customer, with an income contribution of about 13-21 per cent and a contribution of 13 per cent in 2019, with products mainly ap/soc (i) high demand from mature and unique process clients, with beneficial downstream network applications emerging
In terms of the ratio of revenue to 2019q4, 94 per cent, and to 92.2 per cent in 2020q1, the chips manufactured by the center core international using the mature logical process platform have been widely applied in a variety of areas, such as processors, mobile bands, wireless interconnectivity chips, digital television, machine cap boxes, smart cards, consumer products, etc.; and cores made using the unique process platform.
The company’s specialty technology platform has reached the level of advanced technology in the industry, with power/simulation and high-voltage-driven product technology in the lead internationally. The center core international specialty technology platform has maintained a technological lead on the continent, with the continent’s most advanced 24nm being introduced.
Technical nodes μm, 0.18 μm and 0.15 μm, with technology reaching international leadership; high-pressure-driven technology platforms covering 0.15 μm, 55 nm and 40 nm, which optimize high-pressure display-driven chip sram units, and technology reaching international leadership: embedded non-volatile storage technology platforms covering 0.35 μm-40 nm technical nodes with low capacity and durability
Special process platforms are expected to benefit significantly from the rapid development of downstream network applications. With the rapid development of downstream networking and wearingable applications, clients’ demand for w-fi, bluetooth, mcu, etc. are growing, thus driving special storage.
The demand for special processes such as eflash, noorflash, etc. is expected to reach 43.7 billion global mcu in 2022, 23.8 billion market sizes, and the netflash market space in 2022 will increase to 3,724 million (ii) advanced process breakthroughs to enhance core competitiveness.
Advanced processes can significantly enhance chip performance, and once research and development succeeds, they will have technical barriers and cost advantages, which have traditionally been the focus of competition among large crystal manufacturers. The advantages of advanced processes can be found mainly in the following two ways: 1) advanced process responses to transistors are smaller in their features, and the distance between source and leak poles of electrons can be reduced by reducing the core.
(ii) Advanced processes can integrate more transistors on chips, increase transistor confidentiality, thereby reducing chip size and unit manufacturing costs. In the case of apple chips, the cost of 16 nm crafts was $498 per billion of transistors at the time of process import, and the cost of using the 7nm process was reduced to $265 per 100 million of transistors;
The process is mature and the cost of manufacturing is further reduced, with the 16nm process costing $303 per 100 million transistors and the 7nm process producing only $166 per 100 million transistors.
The advanced process is the main driving force of the future integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crylic-crystal-crylic-crystal market, which is expected to rise from 58.5 billion United States dollars in 2020, using 28 nm and below as an advanced process, with an advanced-crystal-crystal-cryctical-crycryctic-crycrylic-crycrylic-crycrycing ratio of 44 per cent by 2019.
It rose to $86.1 billion in 2025, with the share of advanced processes rising from 36% in 2020 to the production of 14nm International Advanced Process Platforms in 2025, which is expected to contribute to the production over time. In 2019, the production of the first generation of 14 nmfinfet was achieved at the Sn1 plant in the center core, with a capacity of 2019q4 of 3,000 pieces per month.
The second generation of 14 nm finfet technology platforms is also in the client-import phase. The first crystal-dry miller to achieve 14 nmfinfet in the logical chip field is now the continent’s most advanced level of autonomous research and development technology in the crystallized manufacturing chain.
The 14nm process is mainly applied to logical chip products such as ap/soc, gpu, fpga, mine asic, and auto semiconductor products at the mid-end, covering a wide range of emerging areas such as 5g, artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, high performance computing, etc. The future is promising.
Due to the technical and cost advantages of the advanced process, as the process nodes move towards the advanced process, the logical chip product of the 28nm and above process nodes currently in the market will gradually transition to the 14nm process, and the next 14 nm is expected to become a new driving force for the growth of inter-country revenue in the middle core.
(iii) A steady expansion of production capacity to take advantage of market opportunities A steady increase in the international crystal-crystal capacity of the center core and a high level of productivity utilization. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, with the expansion of capacity not only taking advantage of market opportunities at a time of high end demand, but also increasing market ownership while meeting market demand.
With this in mind, the market share of Kerosel International in the global crystal round industry market remained around 5% for 2010-2019. Figure 25: The market share of Mid-Key International in the global crystal round is around 5%.
With 3 8 inches of production line, 4 12 inches of production line, with an annual capacity of 5.48 million in 2019 (equivalent 8 inches), an annual output of 5.15 million (equivalent 8 inches) and an annual average capacity utilization rate of 93.99%. Of this, the Sn1 plant in Central Harbour South is an advanced technological production line in mainland China, with a planned capacity of 35,000 units per month.
0.6 million per month. The main driving force of the global semiconductor market has now been switched to new applications such as 5g, object networking, artificial intelligence, autopilot, the growing demand from downstream customers for advanced crystal-crystal manufacturing processes, and companies are still far from meeting market demand in terms of advanced process capacity and need to be further expanded.
III. High demand and low self-sufficiency on the mainland. The global integrated circuit industry chain has been transferred three times, from South Korea to Taiwan to mainland China. 1) The first industrial transfer (1960-1970): with the rise of the electricity industry, semiconductor devices have gradually moved from military to domestic electricity.
Fields, Japanese enterprises such as Sony, Toshiba, Yokoki, etc., have developed rapidly, leading to the transfer of the integrated circuit industry chain from the United States to Japan. 2) Second Industrial Transfer (1970-1980): The spread of pc computers has greatly increased the demand for semiconductor devices, while South Korea and Taiwan, relying on the advantages of storage and crystal-rounding, have gradually gained ownership in the area of integrated circuits. 3) Third Industrial Transfer
(1990-2000): The emergence of mobile communications places higher demands on the performance, power and integration of semiconductor devices, coupled with the accelerated pace of technological upgrading, and the growing trend towards specialization in the industrial chain. Moreover, the concepts of networking, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, etc. that emerged after 2010 have further broadened the application of semiconductor devices, and China ' s huge consumer market is gradually taking over.
In 2019, the sale of integrated circuits in mainland China reached $108.4 billion, or 33% of the global sale of integrated circuits. But most of the integrated circuits consumed by the continent depend on the products of integrated circuits.
Imports from abroad were $312.1 billion in 2018, exports amounted to only $84.6 billion, and trade and trade deficits amounted to $227.5 billion, leaving a huge gap.
Figure 28: Most of the integrated circuit products in mainland China depend on the demand for imported crystal round manufacturing markets in mainland China, with more than half of them coming from power replacements. According to the semiconductor industry association, sales in China ' s integrated circuit manufacturing sector reached $181.8 billion in 2018, an increase of 26 per cent compared with the previous year, and China ' s integrated circuit manufacturing in 2013-2018
The market for China’s crystal circle manufacturing is growing very rapidly. But the continent’s crystal-crystal chain is equally vulnerable to low self-sufficiency, with 56 per cent of the continent’s crystal-crystal-crystal sales in 2018 being captured by power from the station, and only 28 per cent of the combined share of China-Crying International, the China-Worn Group and Wuhan’s new core.
The production of a continental crystal circle is faced with two major difficulties: insufficient capacity and advanced production. 1) Inadequate capacity: demand for integrated circuit products has increased significantly with the rise of new downstream applications such as networking, autopilot, artificial intelligence, and so forth. China has a large market for integrated circuits, and demand for crystal circle manufacturing production capacity is growing.
The annual production capacity of about 3.42 million units (equivalent to 12 inches) is only 28 per cent of the annual power capacity (12.3 million units equivalent to 12 inches), far from meeting the continent ' s current demand for crystal-crystal manufacturing capacity.
It is at least two places away from the battery, and it is still in a catch-up phase. At the same time, high-performance computing chips often need to take the lead in the most advanced process, taking advantage of the market through performance advantages, such as thorium 820, thorium 985 and thorium 990/9905g, which are replaced by high-end processors.
Figure 30: Advanced global production has advanced to 5nm, where sales in semiconductor manufacturing are relatively low, and major funds have focused on the layout. The continent ' s sales in the area of integrated circuits are mainly from design and sealing, with crystal round manufacturing accounting for a relatively low proportion.
The average share of sales in the continental integrated circuits was 26 per cent, less than 38 per cent of the design and 36 per cent of the total. As of 2019, 23 large-scale open investment companies and 29 undisclosed investment companies covered integrated circuits.
On May 15, 2020, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced plans to increase the technical restrictions on China by amending its export management regulations to require all companies around the world, including overseas companies outside the United States, to use U.S. equipment and technology to help China produce.
The U.S. government will have to approve the product, without the percentage requirement. The U.S. has introduced further technical restrictions on China to reduce its ability to design and manufacture semiconductors overseas using U.S. technology and equipment, and to force domestic manufacturing of home-grown chips, including China's, which is now 710a chip from China's 14nm process.
Because most of the equipment and materials upstream of the crystal circle are imported by the United States, the eda design software is also monopolized by three major American giants, making short- and long-term pressure, which accelerates the process of national production of boost materials, equipment and crystalline manufacturing, benefiting companies associated with the industrial chain. Major funds, phase II, panels, etc., will also be expected to focus on enabling upstream equipment and materials at the end and holding them.
iv. Magnetic manufacturing is evident, and CSP is a capital- and technology-intensive industry that requires high capital spending and high R & D inputs, for example over 70 per cent. 1) Capital spending: capital spending on power generation is much more than the blob and sun and moon of the design link.
Capital expenditure on power build-up amounted to $15.39 billion in 2019, 36 times as much as in Botton and 7 times the amount of daylight; 2) net fixed assets: crystal manufacturing requires construction of a plant and the purchase of a large quantity of manufacturing equipment for chip production, the net value of fixed assets for power build-up is far from the net fixed assets, superbly and sunny, the net fixed assets for electricity build-up in 2019 were $45.13 billion, 18 times as much as in Bobon and the net amount of sunlight.
6 times; 3) R & D costs: R & D costs as a proportion of total revenues from power generation remained between 8 and 9 per cent in 2012 - 1999, Botun between 15 and 20 per cent and daylight around 4 per cent, indicating higher demand for R & D in the manufacturing chain than figure 33: comparison of capital expenditure of leading companies by link (millions of United States dollars)
Figure 34: Comparison of the net fixed assets of leading companies by link (millions of United States dollars) Figure 35: Comparison of the R & D costs of leading companies by link as a percentage of total revenue (%)
Examples reached 22%, ranking first among comparable companies in the same industry. In 2001-2019, the company ' s capital expenditure was from $450 million, 8,122 (6,527 in-country and 1,595 offshore) and 94 integrated circuit layout designs.
On May 5, 2020, China and China announced that they would be on the market, and that they were expected to raise $20 billion after the release of the funds, about 40% of which would be invested in "12 inches."
Project Sn1 (a 14nm and below advanced process at the Sn1 plant in Central Harbour), about 20% of which is used as a reserve for advanced and mature process R&D projects, and about 40% of which is used to replenish liquidity. “Project Sn1” is the main platform for the development and volume of 14nm and the following advanced process development in China CKI, the implementation of which will lead to a significant upgrading of the company's crystal circle technology.
At the same time, the company is in the process of becoming more competitive in the market for its products. At the same time, the company is in the process of becoming more competitive.
The rapid pace of development, the high demand for operating funds, the rising proportion of current liabilities, and the financing of liquidity have helped improve the capital structure of companies and their ability to operate in a more risk-resistant manner.
The company started selling 842.81 million shares, or 50 per cent of the initial distribution, at the beginning of the listing of the project, or 43.48 per cent of the total stock issued after the full exercise of the excess distribution options. The total number of strategic offerings was 29, including the China Information and Communication Technology Group, the Grand Fund II and others.
An enterprise or an investment fund with a combined contribution of more than $24.26 billion. Of this amount, the Qingjio Cycling Equity Investment Partnership is an investment platform comprising 14 listed companies or their subsidiaries with upper and lower-stream operations with China Cyclops International, including the Uttar Pradesh Division, the Semmy semiconductor equipment companies, such as Xinyang Shanghai, the Central Ring shares, Jiang Ton Electronics, etc.
From the pb level of the Hong Kong stock, there is still a large margin of appreciation up there. From the middle core, the China Rainbow semiconductor, and the China Rainbow semiconductor, one to two times more, the middle core still has a large margin of value enhancement.
We believe that China-Crystal International will not only expand its access to finance, but also fully enjoy domestic policy support and industrial chain support when it comes to addressing the disadvantages of advanced processes and production capabilities, and will rapidly grow into an international crystallized industrial plant that will break the current global crystallized industrial landscape.
The cost of advanced process R & D and capacity expansion is high and requires significant financial investment. According to Gartner, the cost of design for silicon devices in 28 nm is $30 million, while the average cost of design for 16 nm/14nm chips rises to about $80 million, or 7 nm chips.
The amount of $271 million is needed. In addition, as the process progresses, the amount of equipment investment will rise rapidly, with 16/14nm at $6.3 billion, 7nm at $11.4 billion, and 3nm at more than three times the 16/14nm, with 80.92 per cent of the total investment in the 12 inches chip sn1 project at CKI.
At the advanced stage, there is still a huge gap between the center core and the three stars and the power supply, and capital investment needs to continue to increase, reaching $2 billion in mid-2019 and an estimated $4.3 billion in 2020. With financing on the board, the center core will receive financial support from the capital markets of the continent to accelerate the development of advanced process techniques.
China Harbour International’s revenues are mainly from mainland China and Hong Kong, and the return of a share is conducive to domestic policy dividends and industrial chain support. From the demand side, mainland China is the largest consumer market in the global integrated circuit industry.
The number of cagr companies, mainly crystal-free design companies, reached 24.7 per cent in 2015-2019; ihs markit estimated that the value of China ' s integrated circuit design market was about $40 billion in 2019, and the cagr could reach 21.4 per cent in 2019-2023, with a strong demand for crystal round workers in the continental integrated circuit design market.
On the other hand, the continental integrated circuit industry has low self-sufficiency, with national policies focusing on enabling leading firms in this area to do better, and the middle-core international return unit is better able to take advantage of the national policy dividend.
Figure 43: China’s rapid growth in the number of chip design companies (in units of: home) China’s trade friction risk: if China’s trade friction continues to escalate, restricting imports, exports or raising tariffs, companies may face risks such as equipment, shortages of raw materials and loss of customers, which in turn leads to company production restrictions, reduced orders, increased costs, and public-to-public exposure
The Division’s operations and operations have had a negative impact: R & D has not progressed as well as the expected risks: the technology content of integrated circuit crystal round workers is high, the R & D cycle is long, and if companies are not able to keep up with industry’s cutting-edge needs and take the R & D direction correctly, it may lead to a deviation in the technological positioning of the process.
The Division’s failure to deliver timely and cost-effective technology platforms that match market demand may lead to a decline in corporate competitiveness and market share, thus affecting subsequent corporate development. The new crown epidemic impacts the risk of a continuous escalation of the new crown, leading to a reduction in international flights and strains, making equipment, equipment, equipment, etc.
Longer delivery cycles for suppliers of materials, higher transport prices will lead to higher subsequent procurement costs for companies, and segregation of personnel requirements will also limit the ability of suppliers' engineers to provide cross-country technology support services.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,