I've got a better monthly sales ring, and the lower volume of cars on board continues to shrink.
And 3.70 pct, the same narrow-down trend since the second quarter of the year when the cumulative volume of production and sales continued. The decrease in the volume of vehicle sales on board continued to be narrow, and the volume of vehicle sales on the upper side continued to grow at the same rate. The highest/minimum monthly volume in the year was:
According to the sub-corporated calibre, the monthly sales volume of upper gas was less than the previous month at the same rate of increase in August, but the monthly sales continued at a higher rate than the previous month, with a sales volume of 148,000 vehicles, an increase of 16.54 per cent; the upper gas population, 0.76 pt, 12,9262 vehicles, a decrease of 3.37 per cent, compared with the previous month, a decrease of 4.45 pt;
On June 30th, 2020, industrial warming and the release of new products are expected to lead to a continuation of company sales. In the short term, one is
The overall recovery in the country ' s economic performance has continued to improve, with a combination of promotion fees and a low sales base in the second half of 2019, with the prospect of a sustained recovery in the car market and the prospect of benefits for the company as a domestic vehicle as a long line; and, second, the release of a large number of new vehicles since 2020, with the imminent arrival in September of Eunwei 6max.
On the market, in September and October, as a traditional peak in domestic passenger vehicle sales, it is expected that with the upturn in new sales, the company’s output will continue. In the long run, the company, as the country’s lead vehicle, has gained a certain advantage in terms of platforms, management, layout, etc., and has continued to push cars into new and innovative decline.
The company is expected to rely on its own advantages to further expand its market share and to appreciate its long-term competitive advantage by upgrading its technological advantages, gradually extending the industrial chain and improving the layout of the industry. 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
Investment proposals: The company has a wide range of vehicles, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and a sustained effort to optimize its product structure, strengthen its strategic upgrading, and promote a new four-tier innovation with high performance.
The 7th floor of the intercentre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., has a new coronary epidemic.
1. Sales have continued to improve on a year-on-year basis, with the upper-air Mitsubishis showing a brighter performance than ever before. The monthly vehicle output has increased by 5.03 per cent, 10.20 per cent and 6.96 per cent, respectively, and the sales volume has increased by 3.57 per cent, compared to the previous month-30.16 pct and -0.47 pct, with a sharper decline in production compared to the previous month.
In January-August 2020, the sales of the company ' s accumulated car sales were 1.02 times (up to 1.02 times the previous value) and the company ' s accumulated car sales of 3.70 pct during the year, with a narrow decline of the same year since the second quarter of the year.
Figure 7: The accumulated sales of upper car groups (in thousands, per cent) have continued to shrink in the volume of vehicle use sales, and the higher monthly sales of upper gas are continuing to grow at the same rate. According to the calibre of the sub-firm, upper gas is still showing a bright performance, although the same rate of increase in the average monthly sales has been reduced in August, monthly sales have continued to grow at the same rate as in August 2020.
At the same time, the average monthly sales of the upper-air vehicle, which lasted more than 10 per cent for a period of five months, were 14.88 million for the upper-air vehicle and 16.54 per cent for the same month; at the same time, the lower monthly sales of the upper-air and upper-air passenger vehicles, which were 145,000 and 50,426 for the same quarter, decreased by 3.97 per cent and 1.21 per cent, respectively, and decreased by 3.68 and 0.76 for the same month, respectively, by 12,9262 for the upper-air vehicle.
On the one hand, in the short term, the overall economic performance of the country has continued to improve, the supply of manufacturing has continued to warm, the supply of manufacturing has increased, and the price of sales has increased in the second half of the year, multiplying the low production and sales base.
With the prospect of a sustained recovery in the car market, the company is expected to benefit as a domestic driver; on the other hand, since 2020, with the release of many new cars, such as the Quantico 5pus, the popular acclaim, the Cadillac 4 and the Buick, the new gli8, Eunwei 6max will be on the market in September, and in September and October will be the peak in traditional sales of domestic passenger cars, and as the new product climbs, it is expected that the company will continue to warm itself back.
Intracarriage has gained a certain advantage in terms of platforms, finance, management, layout, etc., and has continued to push cars into new and quadrupling innovations, increasing technological advantages, gradually extending the industrial chain, and improving the layout. As competition in the industry increases, firms are expected to build on their own advantages and expand their market share to take into account their long-term competitive advantage.
The company has a wide range of vehicle types, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-structured product system, sustained optimization of the product structure, enhanced strategic upgrading, promotion of car innovation, high-performance security margins and long-term competitive advantages, a stronger domestic automobile market, and a firm that is expected to consolidate its own strengths, expand its leadership and drive overall profitability.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, and will not, been able to do so for any reason.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.