q2 performance is on the rise, and the cost rate has improved considerably - semi-annual review in 2020
The first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, with the company ' s main vehicle branded vehicle sales declining to varying degrees, with the combined brands selling the same amount as 37.18 per cent and 33.31 per cent, respectively.
Decline in return for investment; share of China ' s auto revenue and net profit in spare parts operations - 24.01 per cent, 61.16 per cent; financial operations sustained growth with wind and gas revenue and net profit on a year-on-year basis
After taking into account sales costs, the company transport logistics and advertising costs have fallen in equal proportion. Car sales have been increasing at a negative rate, with the joint venture brand gradually recovering 2.0490 million vehicles sold in the first half of the year, i.e. 30.2 per cent, by car, commercial vehicle.
Automobile sales continued to grow at a positive rate, with a narrow drop in the general public, a near recovery in the main vehicle size, distance l, Pasa Principal sales, and a precipitous monthly sale of about 3,000 new vehicles, with the meb platform ' s first model expected to be operational during the year; and a good growth in the general Cadillac and Buick brands.
In the last six months, equities have increased significantly in comparison to the 300 depths plus, rx5 series, with total sales largely returning to last year ' s same level; the upper V.M. has grown rapidly since April.
Promotion of industrialization of forward-looking technologies, 7th generation gbt, t-box achievement of mass production, 7th generation gbt output in the first half of the year, 300-generation fuel cell technology, 400-type fuel in the core technologies of new energy vehicles and smart network networks
Battery reactors and systems development fast-tracked; corporate smart driving domain controller iecu upgraded to hardware, smart car combined terminal t-box achieved volume production, fourth generation redundant electron transition system General eps completed product exchange and adas product entered the trial phase.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.