The cost of alternative car and car parts has improved significantly, and innovation has not been reduced. Events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2020, and the company achieved a gross operating income of $28,374 million.
q2 costs have improved significantly, and profits have increased faster than sales. q1 and q2 groups have achieved sales of 680,000 and 1.37 million, respectively, of 56 per cent and -2 per cent, respectively, while the second-quarter ring ratio has improved considerably, but the same ratio is still under pressure. q2 is gradually returning to normal amortization at the same time as sales are reduced.
The end-end has improved significantly, especially with sales costs falling by about 6 billion dollars on a year-on-year basis (of which 3 billion left and the change in accounting standards brought about by the q2 profit, with a strong growth growth performance of over 30%.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Performance, autonomy and joint ventures remain strong, while people ' s electric cars are popular with consumers, with large orders and sales - 2020/04/30
The upper gas group (600104) is the upper-mega-mega-mega-mega product. The upper-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega-mega.
Heating -- 2019/10/30. Q4 production will begin to recover, and the public will take ownership of the Volkswagen Volkswagen 5-plus group (600104).
The new R-bid brand will lead to a steady rise in the new autonomous energy source, the overall sales will shrink. The brand will rise, and the brand will add to the mpv of the brand.
-2019/10/13 Breaking through in the driving field, and a completely new software company with zero beams will bring long-term competitiveness to the company, and will innovate with extraordinary strength.
Investment proposal: The company's second-quarter sales ring ratio has declined slightly over the same period, but profits have improved significantly due to cost optimization, and joint ventures under the flag have recovered slowly but still in strength, with net annual returns of 23.5 billion yuan ($28.3 billion) and equivalent estimates of nine times.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report