In June, the sales went up, and in the second half of the year, the new car type opened up the up channel - the upper steam group's production and sales report for the month of June 2020.
In January-June of this year, the upper-mortality group had a cumulative sales volume of 2.0491 million, down from the same period last year.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): not to increase wholesale sales by the same amount, mainly benefiting from 1.) Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In-Intra-In-Intra-In-Intra-Intra-Intra-In-In-In-Intra-Intra-In-Intra-Intra-In-In-In-In-Intra-In-In-Intra-In-In-Intra-In-In-In-A-A-A-AVover (AV/In-AV/In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-AVal (AV/In-AV/In-In-AV/In-In-AV/In-AV/In-AV/In-In-AV/In-In-AV/In-In-In-In-In-AV/In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-AV/In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-In-
The monthly wholesale sales volume grew by 9.4 per cent, of which the general population recorded a breakthrough of 3.4.2/5/5.9/1.5/110,000. The upper general circulation decreased by 3.9 per cent and its sales to 2.5/1.18/1.12 million in central England/Ankorwe/Cyvronkroze/Konde, respectively;
In the second half of 2020, new energy cars will go to the world, and companies will implement a strategy to promote “new quadrupling.” In June, the first 328 high-speed maxusev 30 electrically intelligent logistics vehicles will be shipped to Norway.
In the second half of this year, the Mexican company was about to open up, and the brand name was planning to land on the overseas marketing network in Spain, Switzerland, Germany, and the upper-mortality company, Research Group of Stewards (600104): short-term performance.
328 vehicles, on 3 July, Cascades issued an announcement that, in order to develop corporate value and enhance the company's future, there was a long-term commitment to maintaining confidence in sustainable development and safeguarding the interests of shareholders and investors.
The purchase company has issued a share for equity incentives. Promoting “new quadrupling”: moving up the steam power, connecting the smart web, sharing, internationalizing the innovation transformation strategy, and stepping up implementation.
In June 2020, a total of 479,000 vehicles were sold by the public, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same period; in the previous June, the cumulative volume of 204.9 million vehicles, a decrease of 30.2 per cent over the same period, was sold to the public under the flag of the upper steam group.
The biggest drop in the number of subsidiaries. The upper-mortality conglomerates did not perform well, compared to the number of car sales in June, and the upper-mortality domestic and foreign sales were rising after April. In June, the shareholders meeting called Xue Rain Ice for the next five years.
We expect the company ' s net profit from 2020-2022 to be $24,652 million, macroeconomic developments to be less than expected, market sales to be less than expected, increased competition in the car market, new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.