The Sini Shan Sink has been on the air for 6004.sh, and sales continue to improve, and the upper Steam has a bright eye.
The overall recovery in the car industry was combined with a low base of corporate car sales over the same period last year, public \triangleright (1.01 times the previous value), with monthly vehicle sales of 4,746 and 457,600, respectively, with a ring score.
Not to decline by 0.45, 4.57 per cent, an increase of 23.19 per cent and 4.04 per cent, respectively, compared with the same increase. In January-July 2020, the ratio of corporate car stock sales to sales was 1.02 times the previous value of 1.03 times, while the corresponding figures for the current year were 2,466.9 million and 2.567 million, respectively, respectively.
\triangleright, July, with the same VM monthly sales of more than 10% for four months and 130,000 vehicles for July, an increase of 19.82% for the same month; also, the VM monthly sales are equal to the monthly sales for the same amount.
This is an improvement over the previous month, with a slight increase over the previous month in the same volume of sales to the upper-gas public and basic data: 31 March 2020: 134,000, 112,767, 51,001 vehicles per month, respectively.
Not -7.65%, 1.08%, 1.97%, compared to the previous month -0.68pc, +7.87pc, +1.51pc. The motor vehicle industry is expected to maintain a recovery in the second half of the year, and companies are expected to benefit from it as the driving engine.
In the second half of 2019, the low production and sales base and the release of tourism demand stimulated by summer vacations, although the epidemic still somewhat discouraged consumer demand from travelling abroad, the current trend towards domestic self-drives is significant and is expected to further stimulate the release of car purchase demand, which we believe to be automobiles.
At the firm level, the company’s leadership is strong, its model is wide, its city is consistently ahead, and it continues to push for a new quadruple and its high R & D inputs to boost its technological advantages. We believe that the company’s long-term performance is more stable, and the company is expected to be better off on its top.
In the city of Taiwon, Trade Center No. 69 West Street, 28th floor, further expands the lead and leads to an overall increase in profitability.
Investment proposals: companies continue to promote the new quadrupling of cars, steady deployment of overseas operations and wide vehicle coverage, 7th floor of intercentres have long-term competitive advantages, competition in the car industry has increased, and companies are expected to follow suit as drivers
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., by virtue of its own strengths, has consolidated its leadership, promoted overall profitability, and maintained its “buy-in” rating. The new crown epidemic has been repeated.
1. The same volume of sales continued to improve, with the positive performance of the upper gas utility Mitsubishi, the overall recovery in the car industry, which added up to the low base of the company ' s automobile sales during the same period last year, and further improvements in the company ' s sales compared to the previous month.In July 2020, the company ' s vehicle sales ratio was 0.96 times (up to 1.01 times the previous value) and the vehicle ' s monthly sales were 4746,000 and 4576,000, respectively.
Figure 5: Accumulated vehicle output of upper-car groups (millions, per cent) Figure 7: Accumulated vehicle sales of upper-car groups (million, per cent) for months with sales of more than 10 per cent per month over four months of the same year, but maintained a high rate of growth in July compared to the previous month, although the rate of increase was smaller.
At the same time, there was an improvement over the previous month in the number of vehicles sold on the company ' s joint-venture brand and the company ' s own brand, with a smaller decrease in the number of vehicles sold on the same basis than in the previous month, with 134,000 vehicles, 112,767 vehicles, 51,001 vehicles sold on the same basis as the previous month, 1.08 per cent and 1.97 per cent respectively, compared with the previous month ' s --0.68 pt, respectively.
In our view, the motor industry is expected to maintain its recovery in the second half of the year, and companies are expected to benefit from it as a driver. At the industry level, on the one hand, the low sales base for the second half of the year, the vehicle market is expected to continue to recover; on the other hand, summer holidays have stimulated the release of tourism demand, and while the epidemic continues to inhibit consumer demand to some extent, the current trend of overseas travel towards domestic self-drives is expected to further stimulate the purchase of cars.
So, we think the automobile industry is expected to maintain a recovery. At the corporate level, companies have gained a certain advantage in terms of platforms, finance, management, layout, etc., and the city continues to take the lead, while at the corporate level, companies continue to push for a new four-way drive for cars.
Fuel cell reactors, igbt modules, smart cabins, mobile interconnections, intelligent driving localization development, smart network motor vehicle public road surveys have all made progress; third, companies are steadily moving forward with overseas base building, improving offshore systems such as logistics, automobile finance, and continuing deep-deeping overseas markets, and company whole-car exports and overseas sales have increased significantly. Therefore, we believe that industry recovery is expected to continue, with long-term corporate performance stability.
At a higher level, firms are expected to further expand their lead by relying on the Torun’s head, leading to an overall increase in profitability. Firms continue to push for a new four-way approach to automobiles, steady deployment of overseas operations, broad vehicle coverage, technological advantage, long-term competitive advantage, increased competition in the automobile industry, firm corporate leadership, and continued city-led leadership, and are expected to build on their own strengths.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, and will not, been able to do so for any reason.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.