Q2 business income from a recovery in demand after the epidemic is positive at the same time, better than sales growth.
q2 end demand warmed up as a result of local government stimulus and vehicle promotion policies following the epidemic, with a ratio of q2 output to 4.9 per cent for the upper band and +103.0 per cent for the ring, with a ratio of -2.4 per cent for the wholesale sales and +101.8 per cent for the upper mass q2 output/batch to 15.8 per cent/-12.6 per cent for the upper mass and a ratio of q2 output/batch, respectively.
Fair value change gain/loss + control effects are evident, with net profit of q2 increasing at a higher rate than net profit of income q2 increasing at a much faster rate than income of q2 per year, the core reason being: 1) fair value change
The same gain/loss ratio increased by $1,153 million. 2) Cost controls have been effective. Lower costs such as company transport logistics and publicity costs have resulted in lower sales costs compared to the same rate, lower administrative costs due to lower wages/depreciation/other costs and lower financial costs.
The decline in sales over the same period resulted in a decline in investment returns of 21.89 per cent over the same year. The q2 Māori ratio fell by about 2 pct over the same year, with the core directly offset by a change in accounting standards resulting in interest on vehicle loans (previously classified as sales costs).
1 Upper Steam Group (600104): July  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings Stabilizing auto consumption Keys have been set, and some local governments have put in place incentives for domestic use
The upper-gas group is expected to follow the industry’s cycle as the industry’s leader, yield +2.6%, and wholesales are expected to follow the industry’s cycle. Looking ahead, the upper-gas group is actively engaged in a new round of change.
Further improvement of organizational structures and incentive mechanisms, as well as the introduction of strategic investors in innovative areas such as new energy sources, smart networks, mobiles, 3 and the Upper Gas Group (600104): services in May, and the strengthening of personnel reform,
Production was positive, wholesale was at historically low levels, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.