The pace of growth at the Nanking Bank has increased slightly, the strategic transition has continued.
With results, however, capital adequacy at the firm’s core level is now close to the regulatory red line, with short-term scale expansion constrained, and external financing is expected to supplement the capital. We maintain a higher rate of growth in the Nanjing Bank, with the transition driving a small increase.
A 10.3 per cent increase, or 1.57 percentage points higher than in the previous three quarters (+8.75 per cent, yoy); Net profits The company continued to operate on a non-standard basis and to adjust its public operations during the fourth quarter to optimize its credit allocation, but capital adequacy at the heart level remained close to the regulatory red line, with a short-term expansion of the company ' s size to one.
In terms of asset quality, the level of provision is higher than the industry average. In terms of asset quality, in the fourth quarter, the non-performing loan rate of the Nanking Bank was 0.89 per cent on a par with the three quarters, and the absolute value remained low;
In addition, as of the second quarter of 2018, the company’s loan/deficiencies, which were more than 90 days overdue, had fallen to 97 per cent, with less favourable perceptions reducing the pressure on the firm’s adverse recognition. The company’s provision coverage at the end of the fourth quarter was increased by 20 percentage points to 463 per cent, and the level of coverage was higher than the industry average.
The downside of the economy led to an unexpected deterioration in the quality of assets and a further escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The pace of growth has increased somewhat, with the transition driving a small increase in size The Bank of Nanjing registered a 10.3 per cent increase in year-on-year revenue in 2018, an increase of 1.57 percentage points over the previous three quarters (+8.75 per cent, yoy) and a small increase of 1.58 per cent in net profits from the same quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, the capital adequacy rate at the core level of the company was 8.55 per cent, an increase of 0.34 percentage points from the previous three quarters.
We expect the company to continue its non-targeting and restructuring of its public operations over the fourth quarter to optimize the allocation of credit resources, but core-level capital adequacy rates remain close to the regulatory red line, and the expansion of the company's size in the short term will be somewhat constrained, and it is expected that after that, external financing will be used to supplement capital, asset quality will remain excellent, and provision levels will be higher than industry averages.
In terms of asset quality, the Nanjing Bank ' s non-performing lending rate was 0.89 per cent flat in the fourth quarter as compared to the three quarters, with absolute values remaining low; in addition, as of the second quarter of 2018, the company ' s loan/deficiencies, which were more than 90 days overdue, had strained to 97 per cent, reducing the firm ' s adverse recognition pressure. The company ' s provision coverage at the end of the fourth quarter was increased by 20 percentage points to 463 per cent over the end of the third quarter, and the level of coverage at the end of the fourth quarter was higher than the industry average.
The pace of growth in the 4th quarter of Nanjing Bank has increased, the pace of strategic transformation has been firm, and the restructuring of the negative capital structure is beginning to yield results, but the firm level of capital adequacy at the heart level is now close to the regulatory red line, the scale expansion is somewhat limited in the short term, and external financing is expected to supplement the capital. We maintain the Nanjing Bank ' s profit forecast of a net profit increase of 15.0%/10.8% in 2019/2020, with the current net market ratio for equity prices.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the performance of the banking sector in terms of asset quality. If the economy goes below expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the banking sector will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Economic uncertainty requires close attention to the dynamics of the economy as a result of the follow-up process.2 Trade frictions between China and the United States have further escalated. The trade negotiations in China and the United States have been volatile, if further trade friction increases will create greater downward pressure on the economy and affect the quality of banking assets.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)