Quick Report on Performance: Capital Sufficiency rose to maximum brightness The Nanjing Bank issued a performance forecast with a projected net gain of $11.1 billion by 2018, 14.5 per cent for yoy, basic
The company’s 402018 capital adequacy rate has increased significantly, alleviating market concerns about Nanjing’s capital and believing that it will continue to be reflected at the end of the company’s valuation. In terms of asset quality, it remains at a better level and is well prepared for risk, with a higher provision coverage than its counterparts.
A 14.5 per cent increase in net annual interest and a 17.0 per cent increase in roe: Nanjing Bank issued a performance forecast, yielding $27.4 billion in 2018, an increase of 10.3 per cent for yoy, a net gain of $11.1 billion and an increase of 14.5 per cent for yoy, which was further up from the previous three quarters.
Roe 17.0% is a leader in the industry. The increase in capital adequacy at the core level is evident and provides a quick light for this performance: capital adequacy at the core level is a bright light for the performance report, as well as core capital at the Nanjing Bank as of 402018
The adequacy rate of 8.6 per cent was higher than the regulatory requirement of 7.5 per cent, with an increase of 0.4 pct over 3 q and 0.6 pcc higher than at the beginning of the year, which was a significant improvement, allaying market concerns about the capital of the Nanking Bank, and is expected to be related to further improvements in the company ' s flexible asset-end configuration and internal retention, and it is believed that the Nanking Bank is following up with an assessment.
The end of the value will continue to improve. The total capital adequacy rate of 4q2018 recorded by 13.0 per cent, up from 3q, will help to raise the company's valuation level, and the company's roe is still high, giving the expected compensation to the “buy-in” (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.