Performance meets expectations, business is growing robustly. Shanghai Medicine reported a performance rating in mid-2024. August 26th, 2024.
Shanghai Medicines (Share Code: 601607) incident: 26 August 2024, Shanghai Medicines published semi-annual report 2024, January-June 2024, 2402 double income gains, coso import generation and vaccine contribution increases. Company 2024q2 Battalion
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn is growing at a significantly higher rate than income growth, mainly due to non-recurring asset impairments during the same period last year. Commercial growth is higher than industry, mainly due to the contribution of business operations such as the Cso Importing Generation and vaccine promotion, 2024
The research assistant, Xiaozon, has achieved sales revenue of $4 billion over the six-month period, a significant increase of 172 per cent over the same period. The major project, Project Sinoe Fi 1, has been halfway through the year's target; the capacity of import and innovative pharmaceutical services has been further strengthened.
In the first half of the year, the company successfully introduced eight types of imported total generation, with revenues from imported vaccine agency sales estimated at 1.3 billion yuan;
Innovative research and development has been steadily advancing, with Chinese resources gaining significant advantages. 2024h1 has invested $1.404 billion in research and development, an increase of 7.67 per cent; as research and development investment continues to increase, the company ' s new line of medicine continues to advance, and many new lines of medicine have been submitted to pre-nda, listing applications, or are in the critical research, clinical ii phase.
Self-research product i001 for the treatment of hypertension was resubmitted in April 2024, and has received a notice of acceptance and resumption of the review.
The re-opening of the six-part product, the swirling capsules, the coronary nipples, the octopus, the stomach respirator, and the silver acetone esters, has continued to advance the Chinese drug variety and branding strategy. Continuing to promote platform integration and fine-tuning management, reducing efficiency gains has increased profitability.
Building on the integration of North-South business blocks, last year, the harmonization of budget management and performance appraisal systems was further advanced to enhance integrated operations; marketing models were transformed and marketing systems were accelerated by upgrading end-of-service capacity, regulating agency sales, strengthening integrated management and professional empowerment.
A number of efficiency initiatives, such as marketing system integration, are expected to enhance corporate business viability through fine management, gradually unleashing high-quality development performance. Investment proposals: Shanghai medicine as a large, integrated pharmaceutical company with business as a whole, and business as a team
A competitive advantage, and an innovative development strategy, leads to a transformation of the enterprise. The company’s import generation, cso, and vaccine operations continue to increase their contribution at a higher commercial rate than the industry average; at the same time, the management changes to evaluate the Shanghai quarterly report on pharmaceuticals (601607) from business, industry, and [Galactic Medicine].
The research and development (R & D) has driven down efficiency gains, net interest rates have been rising steadily, and we expect a robust growth in corporate performance from 2024 to 2026, with innovation driving development. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.