The guest rate goes down, waits for spring to run.
In December, the airline industry was still in a low season, with the company’s December occupancy rate at the end of the year. At the same time, the high base for the same period last year also led to greater pressure on the December rate.
The number of visitors has declined from the same period last year, and is still much more correlated with the downward trend in air demand, caused by the downturn in the country’s macroeconomic situation, than the trend in depth of 300. While supply remains under the control of the authorities at this point, the company has been controlling the speed of aircraft introduction since the second half of the year.
The size of the fleet throughout the year was 4 per cent lower than the guidelines for the beginning of the year, but due to the rapid decline of the company ' s rpk domestic line in the fourth quarter, the elasticity of the company ' s performance is expected to be released due to the combination of oil, sinks and spring elasticities.
At the same time, the RMB has rebounded at 3% of its October low, with a change of 1% in the RMB, estimated by the semi-annual asset and liability structure of the company, leading to an exchange overflow of 235 million. The double factor is expected to lead to a significant improvement in the cost and cost pressures of the department.
Measured data show that air passenger transport grew by 12% over the spring of 2019, better than 10% in 2018. Current aviation units face an external environment similar to that of late 2014, where oil sinks are at a lower level, while monetary policy is at a better margin to improve the market’s outlook for the country’s future economy. We expect companies to rely on a high-quality business line structure for the future.
With the same improvement in external factors, the elasticity of performance is expected to be significantly released during the first quarter of the year. Corporate macroeconomics are expected to continue to decline: large fluctuations in oil and sink prices. Figure 11: Trends in China ' s navigational ask (%)
Figure 12: Trends in the China State Navigation rpk (%): Trends in the China State Navigation rpk-ask (%): Trends in the Chinese State Navigation Sea Navigational Hostage Rates (%)
Johns Hopkins University, Master of Arts, Shanghai Futures Exchange.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,