The company achieved business income of $13.6 billion in 2018, a 13 per cent increase over the previous year, and a net return of $7.3 billion to the mother.
A 1 per cent increase over the same period, with a significant investment gain resulting from 18 years of impairment of other receivables and transfer of the national freight route, resulting in a decrease of 8 per cent in net profit from non-repatriation. End of income: higher fares and fuel surcharges offset the impact of lower guest rates
Depending on the weak demand, the overall guest rate of the company has fallen by 0.54 pct: changes in the domestic/international/regional line occupancy rates are synchronized. But it is influenced by the liberalization of fares (57 domestic lines are adjusted with an expected increase of $1.4 billion) and fuel surcharges (the projected domestic line of $1 billion) that result in an increase of 2.9% in the company’s passenger kilometre earnings throughout the year.
Cost and cost: The increase in the rate of gross domestic product after the withholding of oil and the continued strengthening of cost controls is influenced by 18 years of substantial upturn in oil prices, with the company’s operating costs increasing by 14% on a year-on-year basis. Of this, the cost of shipping oil increased by 35% on a similar basis, and we expect it to be mainly due to a 25% increase in the price and 8% increase in the consumption of oil.
The fuel surcharge offsets an increase of about 86% in the cost of aviation oil. Excluding the fuel surcharge and the cost of shipping oil, we anticipate an increase of 10% in corporate operating income and a cost increase of only 6%, reflecting a continuous increase in corporate profitability after withholding fuel.
This year, Thai Airlines generated a net return of $2 billion, compared to nearly $1.1 billion in the same period last year.
While the supply of the total number of flights during the 19th summer autumn season has eased, we expect multiple advantages in the performance of the Division in the second quarter: (1) a halt in flight of 737max, a partial tightening of the supply of short-term capacity, a gradual upturn in the season and an increase in the demand for travel by residents during the fifty-first holiday, with the prospect of a rise in the price of oil; and (2) an increase in the price of oil.
Less than during the same period last year, the increase in the cost of aviation oil was manageable; (3) the increased sensitivity of the exchange rate in the context of a steady rise in the RMB exchange rate, which would significantly increase the exchange rate earnings of the DAS. Looking ahead, we believe that at the current point in time, the aviation industry could be more optimistic: (1) the January-February data on the Division’s operations were better than expected, indicating the need for it to do so.
Resilient; (2) potential tax cuts in the civil aviation industry are expected in the second half of the year, with 2 to 3 per cent higher pre-tax profits expected if the Civil Aviation Development Fund is cancelled; (3) external factors such as trade easing and improved oil sinks are changing in a positive direction; the current valuation is still at a historically low level, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The macroeconomic downside: large fluctuations in oil and sink prices. Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated.
After Dr. Ihwan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport of Civil Securities, and Master of Finance, University of Honji, have been engaged in social service research in the Seaton Securities, and airline companies in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.