E-smoking gold track, Smoor's mid-smol tap again — 100 million latitudes of lithium depth report, Inc. : Smoor is the world's leading player in e-smoking (16.5% in mid-2019).
Smol International (hereinafter “Small” or “Commercial”) is the leader of the global e-smoking cruise workers, with 16.5% of the world's mid-smoking workers in 2019, formerly known as McWall, with its headquarters in Shenzhen. On 10 July 2020, the Public Affairs Division was listed at the Hong Kong drop-off (06969.hk), where, as of that date, hundreds of millions of latitudes were thought-provoking.
Moore's share ratio is 33.11 per cent (assuming that excess shareholdings have not been exercised). In recent years Smaur's performance chart industry has introduced: the e-smoking industry is a gold track, middle travel can easily generate positive feedback, and the theme “product-driven plus policy norms” will be the theme for the next decade.
Gold trials: Electronic smoke is divided into two main categories, one haze, and the other hnb. The core logic of development shows: addiction & harm reduction attracts new users + older users. Market space of over $800 billion is now 6% penetration, with e-smoke in Europe dominated and Japan hnb dominated.
The middle stream can easily generate positive feedback: the core of the industry chain is the downstream product experience, the product experience, the technology overlap and upstream formulations/processes that depend on the middle. Upstream raw materials are ultimately subject to downstream sales, while middlestreams, once they have achieved technological breakthroughs and customer bindings, accumulate through long-term “know-how”
Over the next decade, the two main themes of e-smoking will be product-driven, policy regulation: formulations of upstream raw materials/industrial arts and medium-sized manufacturing technologies, leading to new product experiences and rapid industrial development.
Because of its own two-sided nature of “addictiveness” there is a need for a correspondingly constraining policy to guide its normative development, leading to a spiralling trend in the electronic smoke industry.
(b) Client stickyness: high-level customers such as solar smoke, njoy, English-American tobacco, and ecstasy;
Based on the super-expected growth of the electro-smoking plate, the smooth growth of the power lithium battery operation, and the steady stabilization of the lithium plate, the Smoor International Performance 20h1 super-expected, the company received the agreed BMW supply point letter 2020-07-22.
Consumer Battery Release Drives Performance, Power Reserves Accelerating Growth Successfully 2019-04-28. Lithium Power at the Tacking Point, E-Smoking Investment Gains
Super-expected: 2019-02-27. Full-year performance forecast slightly over-expected. McWear Electronics 1, Introduction to Company - Smauer is the leader of the global e-smoking industry (2019).
Smol International (hereinafter “Small” or “Corporate”) is the global leader in electronic smoke, with 16.5 per cent in 2019, formerly McWear, based in Shenzhen.
In terms of business development, the company was founded in 2009, exported to the United States in 2012, expanded to Europe, Japan in 2015 and launched its own brand, apv, and introduced ceramic fog core technology in 2018.In terms of capital operations, the company received a billion-latitude Lithium investment in 2014 and held 50.1% of shares in 2015 and a new three in 2015.
At that date, the ratio of Lithium to Smoor was 33.11 per cent at 100 million latitudes (assuming that the excess share had not been exercised).In terms of income distribution, in 2019, equipment replacements (smokes), component replacements (hnb& medical entertainment) and open retail (smokes) accounted for 59 per cent, 27 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively; by region,
Distribution of Smoll ' s operations in 2019 (%) Smoor ' s areas of operations in 2019 (%)
China Big 2 and Industry Introduction - The electronic tobacco industry is a gold track, and middle travel can easily be an advantage. Positive feedback: The theme for the next 10 years is “product-driven plus policy norms”
The electronic smoke industry is a gold track. Electronic smoke is divided into two types: smog and hnb. The core of development is “addictation and depravity” to attract new and older users, with over $800 billion in global market space, with a penetration rate of about 6 per cent at present, with Europe and America predominantly smog and Japan and Korea predominantly hnb.
In the industrial chain, positive feedback can easily be generated, and barriers lie in long-term knowhow accumulation and sustained R & D inputs. Upstream raw materials ultimately depend on downstream sales, while middle-streaming, once technology breakthroughs and customer bindings have been achieved, can easily generate positive feedback on advantage through long-term “know-how” accumulation and sustained R & D inputs.
The theme for the next 10 years is “product-driven plus policy norms.” The technological overlap between upstream feedstock formulations/processes and intermediate manufacturing has given rise to a new product experience and has contributed to the rapid growth of the industry, but because it is itself “addictive.”
The two-faced nature of the problem requires a correspondingly restrictive policy to guide its normative development, which in turn leads to a spiralling trend in the electronic smoke industry. 2.1 The core logic of electronic smoke development is “addictation” and reduction, with a long-term industry space of $800 billion.
So, the penetration rate is currently 6%. Electronic smoke is divided into two main categories, namely, fumigation e-smoking and heat-free e-smoking (the following is the case where fumigation e-smoking consists mainly of three components: batteries, aerosols and smoke bombs, which contain smoke oil, smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke, etc.).
The main components of the oil are acrylic, glycerine, nicotine, fragrance, etc. Fossy electron smokes, using batteries to drive heat fogifiers, convert the fumes into steam. hnb is made up mainly of specially made smoke (including batteries) and smoke bombs, which are mainly smoked.
Straws, fragrances, etc.. hnb will heat tobacco thins around 300°C to spread tobacco fragrance without burning while minimizing the production of hazardous substances.
Figure 6: Heat-free e-smoking (hnb) Closed set of electro-mortization devices Develop core logic: addiction & harm reduction attracts new users + older users to replace them.
Like traditional smokes, electronic smoke contains nicotine, which, while promoting the production of dopamine in humans, is likely to become addictive in the long term. But electronic smoke is significantly less harmful than traditional smoke.
It includes carcinogens such as tar, formaldehyde, n-nitrazine, and the overall reduction properties of electronic smoke are clear, with only one-tenth of the conventional cigarette rolls in emissions and cell toxicity. According to WHO, there are about 1.4 billion traditional tobacco smokers worldwide.
Features, the future logic of attracting new users and older users. For now, fumigated electronic smoke is easier to attract new users because of the new current culture and the attraction of different tastes, while hnb is more likely to generate replacements among older users because of its closer taste to traditional smoke and its properties and medium- and high-end positioning.
Market space is more than $800 billion, with 6 per cent penetration, mainly Euro-American e-smoking, and Japanhnb has been growing rapidly in the electronic smoke industry in recent years. According to frost&sullivan, the global tobacco market space in 2019 was $86.54 billion, of which fogic e-smoking and hnb were $36.7 billion and $17.1 billion, respectively, with penetration rates.
4.2 per cent, 2.0 per cent, a total of $53.8 billion, with a penetration rate of 6.2 per cent, of which the haze e-smoking market is dominated by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, etc., and the hnb market is dominated by Japan, Korea, etc. Global tobacco market size (US$ billion)
2.2. At the heart of the industry chain is the downstream product experience, where it is easy to generate positive feedback on the advantages, and at the heart of the industry chain is the downstream product experience, where the product experience depends on the medium-stream technology continuum and the upstream e-smoking industry chain is directly demand-driven, and at the core is the downstream "product experience," the product experience.
(a) The influence of a combination of oral/price/cultural factors depends on medium- and upstream manufacturing;
At the heart of the upstream raw material (smoking oil/smoking thinners) is the “formulation/process”, fumigation uses flue oils (propyl diol, glycerine, nicotine, fragrance, etc.), hnb uses tobacco thinners, the fluorine concentrates more on “formulations”, and the tobacco thinner focuses more on “processes”;
Upstream raw materials are ultimately dependent on downstream sales, while midstreams, once they have achieved technological breakthroughs and customer bindings, can easily generate positive feedback of advantage through long-term “know-how” accumulation and sustained R & D inputs, reinforcing barriers and thus increasing market penetration.
2.3. The two main themes of e-smoking in the next decade are: product-driven, policy-oriented e-smoking in the next decade: product-driven, policy-based.
The convergence of technology with medium-sized manufacturing has led to new product experiences and rapid industrial development, but the dual nature of their “addictiveness” requires a binding policy to guide their normative development, which in turn has led to a spiralling trend in the electronic smoke industry.
Two of the most representative product drivers in recent years were juul (United States, mist) and iqos (Japan, smog electronic smoke in juul, for example, with the launch of a blasting small smoke product in juul in 2017, using nicotine salt for the first time in electronic smoke, lowering ph values, reducing stimuli to throats and increasing smogization at the same time.
Added to the portability of products and cultural trends, juul was once close to 80 per cent in 2018 in the United States e-smoking market.Figure 8: juul’s share in the United States e-smoking market (%) hnb, for example, iqos, has invested billions of dollars in research and development since 2008.
The successful development of iqos heat-free e-smoking, which is similar to traditional tobacco taste, with clear harm reduction characteristics, has been strongly promoted in Japan since 2016, with a rapid increase in penetration rates, reaching 19 per cent in the first half of 2020.
The current regulatory approach to e-smoking varies from country to country, and can be divided into the following categories: “approval system,” “application system,” “municipalization,” “prohibition.” The United States regulatory approach can be seen as “approval system,” with fda as the regulatory body, for fumigating e-smoking products.
(b) UK and EU regulations are “application systems”, six months before an application is submitted for haze e-smoking, and there is no explicit system for hnb for the time being, and overall regulation is less stringent;
(b) South Korea's regulation is in the form of “marketization”, which is almost equivalent to tobacco (non-specialized);
China's regulatory approach is divided into two types, and regulation of fogized electronic smoke is currently unclear and can only be sold off the line, and hnb is equivalent to tobacco, with exclusive regulation.3 The company's competitive advantage — technology overlap + customer sticky + size assurance
At that time, the market share of four other competitors was declining, reflecting a strong competitive advantage of the company, mainly in three areas: technology overlap, customer stickability, and guaranteed size. Global market share of fogized equipment in 2019 (%)
Global market share of mist equipment in 2018 (%) 3.1. Technology overlap: the front line of the keelm-ceramic cores industry. Fossilization technology has undergone roughly three generations of technological innovations from the bovine, cotton core, and ceramic fog cores, company in 2016.
Yearly development of felem, successfully loaded on client products and released in 2018, reflects a rapid increase in the share of the company ' s technology-skilled felem ceramic fog equipment 3.2, customer stickyness: high stickyness of large customers such as solar smoke, njoy, English-American tobacco, ecstasy, etc.
Corporate customers are very sticky. In recent years, the company ' s major e-smoking clients have included day smoke, njoy, English, American and American tobacco, ecstasy, etc. The top five clients have grown rapidly and their income as a proportion of total corporate income has increased year after year. Table 9: Share of income of the company ' s top five clients (%)
Profit predictions – one billion latitude lithium is expected to return to its mother's net profit of 2 billion yuan in 2020, assuming that the three core operations of Lithium billion latitudes will maintain a certain rate of growth, while the rate of Māori will remain stable and the return on investment (mainly Smoll e-smoking) will grow steadily.
E-values and comparable company-pe-values, taking into account, inter alia, the upward trend in the industry, changes in profitability, differences in comparison with companies, etc., maintain a “very recommended” rating. Product risk: if the technology overlaps in other upstream areas/processes or other middle- and middle-sized areas are excessive
During this period, new non-corporate customers have emerged, and there may be short-term “breathing” effects, leading to public policy risks: if the industry is growing too fast, making government regulatory measures more predictable, there may be short-term constraints on industry development, resulting in a decline in corporate performance;
Client risk: If a large client of a company is exposed to business risk, the short term may affect the company ' s business and lead to the company ' s business