Billions of Altitude Lithium Energy Series II: The wave of electron smoke rises, and the mid- and long-term space of Smoor is huge. Renacona@avzacon Core View: The electronic tobacco industry is growing in certainty, the medium- and long-term space of Smoor is huge, and the power of Lithium is hundreds of millions of latitudes.
The market's biggest concern for the e-smoking industry is mainly about policy risks, which we believe are safe; 1) e-smoking has the effect of reducing the risk of pulmonary disease while satisfying the user's nicotine addiction; thus, spending on national pulmonary care will be reduced; and 2) e-smoking reverses the decline in tobacco sales, which will be beneficial.
Expansion of industry and State revenue, with China ' s tobacco sales of 47.35 million boxes in 2019, a decline of 0.2 per cent over the same period; global sales of 60 million boxes (excluding Chinese cigarettes), a decline of 2 per cent over the same period; rapid growth of electronic smokers, with only 7 million users in 2011, 41 million users in 2018 and a complex increase of 29 per cent in 7 years;) gradual improvement of national regulatory policies, with the prospect of regularizing the development of electronic smoke, the introduction of the pmta Act in the United States by the fda and the formal sale of iqos as harm-reduction products; Hnb in Japan
In 2019, the penetration rate of electronic smoke was 4.9%, and is expected to reach 12% in 2024, with a long-term replacement of all traditional smoke. According to Frost Sullivan, the global smog electronics market in 2019 reached $36.7 billion, a 28.3% increase, and smogs accounted for 4.2% penetration in the entire tobacco industry; the heat-free e-smoke market was $6.1 billion in size.
With a penetration rate of 0.7%; Frost Sullivan predicts that the smog market in 2024 is expected to reach $111.5 billion, with 2019-2024cagr at 24.9%, and that it will reduce its potential for industry and taxation, and that it will replace traditional smoke in the future or in its entirety, with a 20-fold increase in space. □Smoor is a global leader in electronic smoke + Fuscomb, with fog cores and surrogates, with 16.5% in 2019.
The global tobacco giant supply chain, with downstream clients including Japanese tobacco, British American tobacco, relx and njoy, will add a total of 3.140 billion pcs to the ipo ' s fund-raising capacity until 2024. In addition to Smoor ' s automation of the line of origin, which will continue to increase in future Smoor ' s cost and size advantage, which will continue to increase in the future.
1. Why the risk of e-smoking policy? 2. The market space for e-smoking is wide, with a 20-fold growth space. 3. Smaur profile: Fog core + global tap for e-smoking
At 400 million latitudes, lithium energy: beneficial Smoll is on the market, power cell +tws batteries hold electronic smoke with a mitigating effect, and mainstream electronic smoke in the market is classified as mist and hnb. Fog-type electronic smoke is used as a fumigation device to heat and mist oil into smoke form for the user to consume, mostly containing it.
Fireballs, fogifiers, batteries, etc. Heat-free (hnb) controls the temperature at 200-350 degrees, heats smoke leaves in smoke bombs to a level sufficient to spread the smoke smoke, heat it up or not. The burning of electronic smoke is made up of smoke bombs, hot rods, charge boxes, etc.
Electronic smoke has a less harmful effect than conventional cigarettes. It produces more than 400 harmful substances, including tar, carbon monoxide, arsenic and nicotine, while electronic smoke causes a significant reduction in toxic and harmful substances, such as tar from traditional roll combustion, either by fumigating the fumigation or by heating them up, while providing nicotine supplies.
An electronic smoke report released by the UK Department of Public Health in 2015 showed that the harmful components of cigarettes are almost non-existent in electronic smoke, and if they do exist, they are not 5% of traditional cigarettes, and that the major chemical substances in electronic smoke are not associated with any serious risk, and are as low as 95%. The UK Department of Public Health is also encouraging smokers to switch to electronic smoke and to support the use of electronic smoke as a tool to quit smoking. In addition, the "electronic pneumoconiosis" that erupted in 2019, and the United States cdc eventually added a dimension to thisc (tetrahydrocannabinol) in a follow-up electronic smoke series.
Bioseptic acetic acid is identified as a cause of morbidity and has nothing to do with formal nicotine e-smoking. > > > > Electronic smoke reverses the decline in tobacco sales, contributing to the expansion of industry and tobacco taxes. The traditional tobacco market continues to decline as consumer health awareness increases and national tobacco control campaigns rises. (The population and smoking prevalence data used in this section are reported by WHO.)
Since the WHO report, which includes China, the global use of tobacco products over the age of 15 years in 2018 was about 1.35 billion; it has continued to decline since 2000 (about 1.4 billion) and is projected to fall to 1.3 billion by 2025: in 2018, the global smoking population is estimated to remain around 1.1 billion, and by 2025 it is projected to remain at 1.1 billion, almost offset by the impact of a decline in overall population growth and smoking. The corresponding tobacco sales have also continued to decline, with China selling 47.35 million cases in 2019, a decline of 0.2 per cent compared to the same year; and global sales (excluding Chinese rolls) of 60 million cases, a decline of 2 per cent compared to the same year.
The growth of e-smoking users has been rapid, and the development of e-smoking has helped to increase the size of the industry. In 2011, there were only 7 million e-smoking users, 41 million e-smoking users in 2018, with a 29% increase in seven years; the growth of users has slowed in recent years owing to the tightening of national e-smoking policies. Tobacco taxes accounted for about 6.3% of our fiscal revenue, while in 2019 the tobacco industry achieved business tax gains totalling $12.56 billion, an increase of 4.3%; total fiscal contributions of $17.7 billion, an increase of 17.7% compared to the same increase, while sales in the tobacco industry have been significant to the country, and the development of e-smoking has contributed to the expansion of industry revenue.
We look forward to determining how the risks of e-smoking industry policies are safe, how policy considerations are focused on how to combat illegal e-smoking products, how to secure the use of e-smoking, and how to maintain a monopoly on e-smoking markets.
As tobacco control policies and user health awareness awaken, the traditional tobacco industry urgently needs to be upgraded, and the tobacco industry has become more numerous in new tobacco areas, such as electronic smoke. In the Hnb market, iqos, for example, has been investing $3 billion in research and development of hnb products by more than 400 scientists since 2008.
In 2016, the market demand for iqos detonated after the promotion of the iqos rose from less than 1 per cent in 2016 to a rapid increase in tobacco markets in Japan to 17.6 per cent in 2019, with mergers and acquisitions becoming mainstream in the area of fogged e-smoking, with imperial tobacco acquiring the famous e-smoking brand blue in 2015; English-American tobacco acquiring the largest e-smoking brand at a high price of $49.4 billion in 2017 vuse; and the Austroz Group acquiring 35 per cent of the United States ' first e-smoking brand juul ' s equity with $12.8 billion in 2018.
The U.S. e-smoking is mainly regulated by fda (the Food and Drug Administration of the United States), which has experienced a once-stagnated import ban in the early stages of e-smoking development; the District Court of the District of Columbia lost fda in 2010, and the U.S. e-smoking regulation has begun to be adjusted appropriately.
As the electronic tobacco industry continues to evolve, the fda regulatory policy is in the process of being improved, with the introduction in 2019 of a proposed bill for pmta (pre-marketing applications for tobacco). The pmta Act requires that any new tobacco product be legally listed after February 15, 2007 with a United States fda approval. The pmta review project includes applications for qualifications, basic information, descriptive information, product samples, product labels, scientific research results, product properties and production processes, in vitro toxicology studies, and hphcs (hazardous and potentially harmful ingredients) for listing.
The deadline is 9 September 2020, after submission of an application, the applicant may continue to sell the product for one year or until the product is approved or refused (subject to prior availability). The pmta will be implemented in accordance with the law and the industry will be entering the normative development phase. On July 8, the iqos, a heating and non-combustion product under the Fimo flag, officially approved the sale of fda as an improved risk tobacco product (mrtp), and will be officially marketed in the United States as a reduced-product.
National regulatory policies are gradually improving, e-smoking is expected to be regulated, pmta raises the e-smoking access threshold, industry moves to a benign growth stage. 1) pmtta application process is complex: a branded pmtta application requires six main lines of information, including clinical and non-clinical experimental health studies, product-wide information and research data, based on the disclosure of the product that has been submitted to pmta, and companies submit research materials only for the purpose of submitting research materials.
In the area of data collation and documentation, the organization of a logistics team of more than 100 people, with up to 150,000 pages of research material; you and my group are equipping the pmta application with a diverse professional research team including pathology, clinical research specialists, professional researchers, teams of legal advisers. 2) The cost of the application is high: fda network is published, pmta costs between $117,000 and $4.66 million per application. US law firm estimates, plus product tests, studies and ul8139 certification for the pmta review, that the pmta application threshold is at least expensive.
To date, three major American tobacco companies selling e-smoking products have submitted pre-market tobacco applications to fda, of which the iqos series of Fimo International has approved pmta applications for two years; Apollo has spent up to $50 million on budget. High application fees and time costs will raise industry entry thresholds, a large number of small and medium brands will be phased out of the market and the industry will enter a virtuous growth phase.
Figure 9: Pmta application process and materials > > > > > countries' regulatory policies are gradually improving, and e-smoking is expected to be regulated. Japan ' s policy tolerance towards hnb and alternative demand has led to the creation of the first largest consumer. 1) The ban on the sale of fumigated e-smoking and increasingly stringent smoke control policies paves the way for the development of hnb.
The Japanese government classifies the electronic smoke containing nicotine as a pharmaceutical product and is subject to the laws of medicine, which require that its marketing, advertising, manufacturing, import and distribution be licensed and so far approved without pharmaceutical electronic smoke. For tobacco products, the Japanese government increased taxes on tobacco by 3.5 yen and 3 yen, respectively, in 2010 and 2018; in 2012, the government included the control rate in the government ' s target for the first time.) Japan is friendly to the hnb policy end, and major tobacco giants have successfully opened the hnb market. The Japanese government treated hnb as a tobacco product, thereby affecting the tax on tobacco.