Increased (first rating) of constant hydration (60110.sh) Plurality of products, construction of hydraulic taps, resilience, company fundamentals (RMK)
From the oil tank to the pump valve motor to the integration of the system, product diversification + internationalization strategy has been accompanied by a 100-year-old firm with hydraulics at its core, leading the process of domestic import substitution of high-end hydraulic fluids, and opening up an internationalization strategy and enabling future. (1) Product diversification: companies first
After the attack, the core components of the high-pressure tank, hydraulic pump valves, etc. were technologically difficult, the technology level was better than that of shoulder water, and the company, replacing it with national production, has now formed a complete product line with all hydraulic components, high-precision casts, hydraulic systems integrated. (2) Internationalization: including research and development, marketing, and production of the whole spectrum of internationalization.
In 12 years, the company formed an American subsidiary to expand the North American market, acquired a 15-year buy-in from Hawiinline to Germany, acquired a 17-year acquisition of Japanese apparel masters to upgrade their R & D capabilities, landed a Mexican factory in 21 years, and increased the responsiveness of the public authorities to local markets and increased the international competitiveness of the brand.
The oil tank is well positioned, and the non-scaling tank is expected to flatten the volatility of the tank industry. The company’s tank business has matured, and since 2016 the company’s dredging tank has remained at more than 50% of the city’s share of the industry.
The main share of the mainstream mainframe is in the three-tiers, Xu, Willow, Ritter, etc., and the international leader Carter's share of global supply is more than half a percentage. To counter the risk of the last round of the domestic dredging market, the company has been active since 2011 in the non-polling tank business, and in the non-scaling tank and dredging oil.
The cylinders complement each other, with the company ' s combined average annual income growth rate (18.82%) being higher than that of the excavator industry (12.84%), with a strong Alpha, which has a strong countercyclical effect. Pump valve motors are being replaced by accelerated imports, excavators pump valves, non-fixed pump valves are running. 21 years of corporate hydraulic technology
With a net profit of $1.35 billion, the company's share of small springs has been raised to 60 per cent, and the middle spring valves have been replaced by imports of non-diggered pump valves, such as earth pumps, which have been estimated to be close to 2.5 billion in space since only 21 years, and are expected to bring about future performance scenarios with precision manufacturing advantages and output.
The company launched a 5 billion-dollar targeted project in September 21 for the development of the Mexican tank production base, the linear drive project, and so on, which was approved in January 22 and will provide a deeper basis for the company’s long-term development.
The downwind of Ping Ying is less than expected; overseas market risk; raw material price volatility risk; exchange rate risk.
1. Leading China ' s hydraulic industry, product diversification + globalization strategy, with a 30-load deep-farming industry ranging from tank manufacturing to pump valves and system integration.
The industry, with its 30-mile rain, has evolved from a single hydraulic tank manufacturing operation to the current hydraulic core of a large integrated enterprise with a full range of core elements, high-precision casts, hydraulic systems, and a progressively complete product line and increasing competitiveness.
Chart 1: The company’s main product is the company’s multiplicity of downstream products and the customer’s wealth. The company is involved in a wide range of downstream industries, from engineering machinery to high-altitude platforms, covering shielding, marine industry, etc.
The representative's walking machines, with customers covering well-known excavators such as Caterpillar, Trinity and Xu; underground excavation equipment, represented by the shield machine, with the main clients being medium iron engineering, iron construction works, Xiaosum, etc.; and marine marine machinery, represented by ships, port machinery, covering customers including ttts, wheat.
Kiga, national name oil wells, etc.; special vehicles, represented by high-altitude platforms, with clients such as Manitoba Waque, Trex, etc. The company is also active in new energy, wind, solar, etc.
Figure 2: The company’s products cover a large number of downstream industries dominated by engineering machinery 1.2 The company’s income and profit scale are growing at a high rate, benefiting from the super-duration of downstream engineering machinery, with a very high rate of growth through a very long downstream winding cycle.
The company's products are the main engineering machinery downstream, which has been recovering since the end of 2016, with the q1 in 2021, and the company itself moving beyond the line, thanks to the high level of downstream demand.
Hydraulic oil tanks remain dominant and hydraulic pump valve operations are accelerating. In 2021, the company collected $5,587 million, an increase of 15.3 per cent, or 55.7 per cent, compared to the previous year, while the company ' s hydraulic technology pump valve plant began operating after 2014, as a result of a multi-metametric development strategy.
Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates have been rising steadily for many years; after 2021, companies have remained relatively profitable, influenced by rising raw material costs, falling product prices and reduced demand.
q1, 2022, with lower downstream demand and high cost of raw materials, corporate profitability is better regulated and research and development inputs continue to grow. Companies, driven by economies of scale, are increasingly strengthening their internal management, with better cost controls over the period. In 2021, corporate fees as a whole were better regulated.
The company continues to increase its R & D investment, mainly as a result of a slight increase in the use rate. During the industry’s downside, the company continues to insist on increasing R & D investment, with the intention of preparing for subsequent industrial warming.
▪ The company ' s tank product is supported by an excavator-based, non-flagged tank. In 2021, the company earned $5,187 million, or 15.34 per cent, of its hydraulic tank revenue; of this, the company sold a total of 85.53 million cylinders for excavators.
2.1 The dredging tank is well-established and the city’s share is rising, and the company’s bunkers are tied down to the main dragons’ main factory, where competition is strong. The company’s share of the dredging tank industry in the mainstream mainframe plant’s trio, Xu Engineering, Willows, Ritter, etc.
Since 2016, companies have maintained a high share of the domestic dredging tank market and a strong industry; and the global supply share of the international leader Carter has exceeded 50%. According to the ccma excavator branch, in 2021, 34.28 million excavators were sold across the country.
The single excavator is usually equipped with two arcade tanks, a pole-cylinder tank and a shovel-cylinder-cylinder, and the total excavator-cylinder sales in 21 years were around 137.12 million. According to the company’s annual report, in 21 companies, 8581 million canisters were sold, with the corresponding share of the excavator-cylator-cylinder-cylinder market reaching about 63 per cent.
2.2 The company ' s heavy equipment consists mainly of the weight series, the shield tank and the high-end marine oil tank.
The sales of the tankers increased from 67,000 in 2016 to 168,400 in 2021, with an average annual compound increase of 20.2 per cent. The company ' s non-platinum tanks correspond to a large number of plates, including the lift-up series, the shielding machine, the tank, the high-end marine oil tank and so on. In recent years, the company has also made a breakthrough in the area of new energy, which is not the target.
The growth in tank performance has given new impetus. Figure 14: In 2021, the company’s sales of non-scaling tanks increased by 37 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the non-digging area, the company ' s non-square tank capacity is shared with that of the excavator, with more flexible discharges, with 168,000 feet of non-square tank output in 2021, and some production lines assist in the conversion of the excavator ' s tank output to the ability to achieve flexible movement, thus providing greater resistance to the downside of the single sector market.
In 2012-2021, the company ' s cagr revenue was 18.82 per cent higher than the total sales in the excavator industry, which was 12.84 per cent higher, while the same income for the excavator tank as for the non-flagged tank, especially when the industry was in a downward cycle in 11-15 years, the company ' s tank had a stronger Alpha character.
3. The opportunity to operate the pump valve has come to an end, with a full increase in the city’s share of the market; the pump valve is a more difficult technology, with a value of 35% compared to the hydraulic system. The domestic hydraulic pump valve is still in a trade deficit, and the hydraulic motor is relatively dependent on imports.
The annual data of the China Association of Hydraulic Seals Industries, hydraulic pump valves, including motors, accounted for about 35 per cent of the total hydraulic unit value. Figure 18: Pumps, valves, motors in 2019 exceeded 35 per cent
3.1 Excavator valves replicate the successful experience of the tank and continue to break through the market share of the company pump valve motors replicate the successful path of the tank to achieve rapid release. The 2021 company hydraulic pump technology is now mature, and we believe that as the company pump valve products are brought into the mainstream customer supply system,
The pump valve product continues to replicate its successful experience in the oil tank and achieves rapid release. Tigger pump valves: The company’s share of small-divide pump valves has increased significantly, and the share of large- and medium-divide pump valves is expected to increase continuously.
In recent years, technology has continued to raise the market share of small digs. According to data from the Chinese Engineering and Machinery Association on sales in the excavator industry, we estimate that the company’s share of small dig pumps in 2021 has risen to 60%, and small dig valves 45%.
3.2 The non-guided pump valves continue to expand their applications, and new areas are expected to open up to market imagination: increased research and development inputs for non-diggered pump valves and motor products, with a number of new products flowering. The company will continue to seize the pump valves in the excavator area, in addition to expanding in a number of non-diggered areas.
Year in, for example, industrial pumps of the v30g series in the fields of seawork, shielding, test stations, and multi-area applications of the proportional electromagnetic valves, which are also successfully produced with their superior properties. Meanwhile, in 2021, the company added two major industries, the wired motors, compact hydraulics, etc., whose products include the lined motors and brakes.
The product lines of the rich hydraulic products, such as the electromagnetic plug-in valve series, and the multi-industry use of the valves, provide a solid product base for the continued growth of the industrial pump valves.  Using engineering machinery alone, the same is true for high-altitude platforms and cranes in non-marked areas.
Look. In conjunction with the sales of auto cranes and high-altitude platforms, the following estimates are made between 21 years of non-pump valve market space. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, our high-altitude platforms sell 160.1 million units, of which arms account for about 15%, and arms counter-pump valves one and four rows each.
In the case of motors, the market space is about 700 million yuan; in 21 years, car crane sales were around 49.1 million, corresponding to one in each of the main pumps, the main valves, the motors, and about 1.8 billion. In aggregate, in 21 years, the non-platinum pump valve market was close to 2.5 billion yuan, although it was not as large as the dredging city.
The size of the field, but as an uncultivated area, future release brings market imagination to the company’s revenues. 4. Domestic hydraulic markets dominate, and continue to advance internationally.
These include, among other things, the key building blocks of high-tech added value, which provide power, physical control and other functions for various types of devices, and the five main barriers to entering the area of high-end hydraulics, including product design, brand barriers, product development barriers, financial and human resource barriers, and the need for large scale
As a result of industrial division of labour, including basic theoretical research, mechanical manufacturing, materials, sealing, casting, oil products, etc., hydraulic techniques have become one of the key indicators of a country’s level of industrialization.
Global hydraulics are now more concentrated, with global flagships concentrated in Japan, the United States, and Germany. Domestic hydraulics on a hydraulic scale are more profitable than international giants, although there is still a gap, and there is more room for upgrading.
At a time when the external environment began with the outbreak after 2020, external supply-chain security and a capacity gap for capital producers opened up import substitution opportunities for the domestic production of hydraulic pump valves.
The scale of HQ and EDD's sophisticated income has risen rapidly, and in 2017 it doubled, and in 2021, corporate and EDD's sophisticated income grew at a rate of respectively. Overall, domestic hydraulic business growth in the last five years has been ahead of international giants and firms are expanding rapidly.
In September 2021, the company launched a 5 billion-directed incremental project targeting, inter alia, the construction of a Mexican tank production base and a linear drive.
Projects, general hydraulic pump technologies, etc. In Mexico, project plants can better respond to the demand for North American customers and accelerate the global layout; linear-driven projects are proposed to invest $1.5 billion to produce monthly approvals, and companies are expected to consolidate the competitive edge of traditional hydraulic lines through pump valves,
Building productive capacity such as non-scaling tanks further enriches the corporate product structure, consolidates the domestic market position and accelerates the process of internationalization of companies through R & D and production in two dimensions. Companies first acquire brand companies such as Haweinline hydraulics, Japanese apparel companies, etc., to absorb liquids from countries in order to open up the global market.
Over the year, Rs. 1 trillion (US$ 1.4 trillion) was invested in infrastructure, India’s engineering machinery was expected to grow rapidly over the next five years, and in 2020, the company was investing US$ 550 million to build 60,000 square metres of Indian factories, upgrade international competitiveness and expand its capacity to sustain its activities.
Global production capacity. In 2021, the company's overseas construction plant was successfully implemented in Mexico. As of this date, pre-project development, filing, etc., has been completed and is in the infrastructure preparation phase. In the future, the Department will scale up outreach M&As, fully implement its “out-of-the-box” strategy, and enhance the company's technical capabilities.
Figure 26: Corporate globalization process 5. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Discovery industry forecasts: from a macro-level perspective, the impact of the epidemic on the downstream sector after 2022, insufficient domestic employment and the impact of containment on logistics transport, with the cumulative volume of excavator sales falling by 41 per cent in January-April, but at the same time, at the same time, at a time of steady economic growth this year, it is expected that the downstream margins of the second half of the year will be reduced.
Improved, with the potential to benefit from two major downstream sections of the capital and real estate sector, the industry is expected to drive up the same pace of growth from q4 this year, with the overall excavator market expected to sell at -20% in 2022.
Hydraulic tank: The company ' s hydraulic tank is divided into two types: an excavator tank and a non-scaling tank. In the field of the excavator tank, the company is expected to maintain robust sales of the excavator tank based on its own product advantages and years of fine-tuning.
In view of the high downstream demand, the heavy-and-high-air series is expected to increase by 60/40/30 per cent from 2022 to 2024, while the other non-scaling tanks are expected to increase by 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The impact of such factors as exchange rate fluctuations and supply chain control due to the epidemic is expected to be the Māori ratio  hydraulic pump valves: Pump valve products are growing at a faster rate as a priority business developed by companies in the post-2015 period. The hydraulic pump valve products consist mainly of excavators, general pump valves, and motors.
In the case of pump valves, revenues remain the main share, with small-scale pump valves accounting for more than 55 per cent of the city, medium-larger market upgrades, expected to be more than 60 per cent in 24 years, medium-sized large-scale pumps valves accounting for about 30 per cent of the city; in the case of general-purpose pump valves, we believe that we have benefited from downstream applications.
On average, the hydraulic pump valves are expected to collect the whole of the system 2022-2024 and other operations: the harvest is relatively small and the income is expected to be similar to history.
Cost forecast: The company, as an absolute leader of domestic hydraulics, will continue to maintain a high level of R & D input, around the corner. At the same time, as internal precision is constantly being managed with the effect of the size of the company, the administrative cost ratio, given the relatively small number of domestic hydraulics counterparts, we choose a comparable firm, trio, Xu, etc.
We expect the company to return to its parent net profit value in 2022-24, giving the public downstream industry less than expected, taking into account the vast import replacement space for the company's hydraulics and the company's leading position. The engineering and machinery industry is more macroeconomicly relevant, with capital investment.
In recent years, companies have accelerated the pace of their internationalization strategies and increased market development and investment in overseas markets such as Europe, Japan and North America.
There is still a certain degree of uncertainty and risk in the company’s overseas operations and overseas investments, as a result of a number of factors, such as governance, culture, technology, branding, human resources, etc.
• Exchange rate risk. The company’s operations in North America have grown rapidly in recent years, with a certain number of dollar operations, such as exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar, which will have a certain impact on the company’s financial position.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment