For the first time, it's covered by the "Americas": "Medicals are beautiful and have a great future." "Americas have the richest three categories of medical instruments and most of them are listed in the country's first-ever market.
In the future, we see long-term growth as a result of several factors, such as the continued optimization of disease prevention and control policies, the increased distribution of consumer vouchers, and domestic demand. For the first time, the “buy-in” policy of disease prevention and control has been given an optimal stimulus to consumption, and the medical champion is expected to benefit. In December 2022, the 10 new anti-epidemic policies will benefit.
The policy is officially published. We anticipate a more scientific precision and continuous optimization of the disease control policy in the future, a 12-month low/high government consumption coupon to boost domestic demand, a sustained rise in per capita income, the gradual maturity of medical technology and the growth of the net.
In March of this year, the National Drug Control Service issued a bulletin on some of the adjustments, which clearly indicates the inclusion of products such as radio frequency treatment devices, sodium injected transparent acid solutions (water light needles) and facial implants in three categories of weapons.
As the medical industry becomes more regulated, companies that pre-position their products such as urinate acid, radio frequency, etc. will emerge to benefit the leading medical companies. With the wealthiest three categories of medical appliances, most of which are listed in the country’s first product series, they will be able to build up high-rises.
The company's performance was excellent, with the wealthiest series of three types of medical devices in 2021, most of which were listed on the domestic front line, with high-profile domestics and the only commercialized skin filling in the global market for the restoration of neck strips.
As the population of health-care beauty consumption expands, and products like high panda needles and daytime needles continue to help, companies’ performance is expected to increase further in the future. Forward-looking layout innovation, supported by production performance growth, such as bottox, solution needles, watchpaints, etc.
The company focuses on innovation in research and development (R & D), with 45% of the R & D expenditure between 2018 and 2021. The company is rich in pipelines and has a major model of autonomous R & D, expanding new fields such as thin face, fat loss, and anaesthesia. Of the research products, three are clinically tested, with injections of a meat toxin and modifiers of polyvinyl gel for medical use.
With products listed successively, it is expected that 83x, 55x, and 38x will be promoted. As home-grown companies with the largest number of iii medically fined drugs and most of which are listed in the country’s first product, the technical patent barriers protect the river further because of their high growth and certainty in the future.
We are looking forward to the long-term development of the Department, given the multiple benefits of the constant optimization of anti-control policies and the increased distribution of consumer vouchers to boost domestic demand. For the first time, the "buy-in" rating is given.
The company was established in 2004 as a national firm of high-tech medical doctors specializing in biomedical research, production, and marketing of materials. In September 2020, the company was listed on its business board. It is now planning to go to Hong Kong.
1.2 Equity structure and management profile The military holds 38% of the total through direct and indirect holdings. In addition, informed military investments and client-sovereign investments are the platform for corporate employee holdings, holding 6.41% and 4.28% of the company ' s shares, respectively, and effectively stimulating and binding management and core backbone relationships for the benefit of the company.
In recent years, even as a result of the epidemic, the company’s performance has been growing year by year, with a strong performance of $1.45 billion in operating income and $960 million in net profit on maternity in 2021, an increase of 104.1% and 117.8%, respectively, in the first three quarters of 2022.
Roughly $1.490 billion and $990 million, respectively, have exceeded the income and profits of last year. With the constant expansion of health-care beauty groups, the continued support of products such as Hives, Breaths, and the regenerative products - marketed during the day, future operations are divided into solution injection products (Hitty, etc.), gel injection products (Jimmy plus One, Daytime Conservancy, Bonida,
Efrai et al., facial implants and cosmetics, four large plates. In 2021, IDUs earned $1.05 billion, an increase of 134% in the same year, and gel injections, an increase of $390 million, an increase of 53% in the same year. Cost control is good and net interest rates continue to rise. Corporate sales and management costs have been significantly lower since 2018.
Slippering, mainly as companies grow in size and market recognition rises, produces a scale effect. Companies sell directly, and sell directly, creating an efficient and stable distribution network. Companies, in combination with their own strengths and industry characteristics, insist on direct sales and sales patterns, covering more than 4.400 health-care institutions, of which 4.000 come from straight sources.
In 2021, the share of sales proceeds from direct sales was 61% and 39% from sales. The direct sales model, which is largely distributed by the company’s sales personnel to a large number of customers, is conducive to an accurate management of market demand and to a deeper partnership with customers. The retention rate of direct sales customers is currently roughly 62%.
Increased coverage of medical beauty hospitals has facilitated the rapid commercialization of products. Figure 6: Distribution of the Emmett Sales Network (2021)
qmri
q4 Region Hong Kong Special Administrative Report to the straight ahead of the network.
Short-market network 2 disease prevention and control policy optimizes consumption, and the Medical Dragonhead is expected to benefit from 2.1 industries: China’s medical and American market is growing at a much faster rate than the global market, and industry penetration is increasing in space.
China’s medical and American markets are expanding and have grown into the world’s second largest medical market. According to frost&sullivan, the market’s size has grown from 99.3 billion yuan in 2017 to 189.1 billion yuan in 2021, and the cagr from 17.5 per cent in 2021, increasing at a much faster rate than the global market rate (3.0 per cent), and is expected to reach 638.2 billion yuan in 2030, three times as high as in 2021.
Of these, the proportion of non-surgery projects (botoxin, bouritic acid, etc.) is rising. Non-surgery projects are more popular because they are small in size, low in price, low in demand for doctors’ skills, and high safety coefficients. It is worth noting that 2021, the second year of the new crown outbreak, was a turning point in the medical track, a non-surgery market rule.
The penetration rate in the medical-American sector is much lower than in Japan, Korea, and 70% among young consumers. Despite the size of China’s medical-American market, the penetration rate in China’s medical-American market is still lower than in other countries.
20.8 times, half of Brazil, and one quarter of Korea, there is much room for improvement. In addition, 74% of our young consumers are currently aged 20-35. With the rising acceptance of medical beauty among the younger generation, according to frost&sullivan, 2.2 Industries: Epidemic control policies are being optimized to boost domestic demand.
In December 2022, a new ten quarantine measures were officially announced to further optimize isolation and nucleic acid testing for infected and in close contact. For example, cases of asymptomatic infections and light cases ranged from concentration in the past to home isolation, nucleic acid testing from previous due diligence to further reduction in detection of nucleic acid.
We expect that future policies will continue to be optimized. We expect a combination of more scientific precision and continued optimization in the prevention and control of the epidemic, government spending coupons to stimulate consumption, rising domestic demand, rising per capita income, developing medical technologies and the emergence of a net-red/live economy.
Medical beauty, i.e. medical plus beauty, is not disturbed by policies such as health insurance fees, collection, etc., and is a rare, growing and certain quality track. China’s healthcare and beauty markets are promising for future growth. 2.3 Industries: three types of equipment and medicines have high access thresholds, and the medical and American industry has become more regulated.
Category III medical devices and medicines have a long lead time and high access thresholds. According to the approval process, medical products can be divided into three main categories: 1) Category I medical devices are classified according to categories I, II and III medical devices and are managed in a product file, and there is essentially no need for clinical trials. Applying for Category II, III medical devices should be registered, but clinical trials should be conducted.
In certain specific cases, exemption from clinical trials can be demonstrated, for example, through non-clinical evaluation, that the medical device is safe and effective. For example, the product is classified as a third type medical device, requiring clinical trials, which usually takes more than three years to develop and register. 2) As a toxic substance, meat toxins are subject to the strictest pharmaceutical approval process, from phase I, II and III.
The average period of time between the bed and the approved market is 8 to 10 years. 3) General skin protection products are made up of “map code” products, which refer to the application of skin, hair, nails, lips, etc., to human surfaces, such as skin, hair, nails, lips, etc., for cleaning, protection, beautification, and modifier chemical products of a daily nature, which are more liberal than the previous ones.
Table 5: Differences between make-up and markings must be produced in strict accordance with national standards for medical equipment.
Production workshops are also certified through a specialized system of medical devices ... and are supervised by the Code for the Management of the Quality of Medical Devices, the third-party production environmental monitoring report.
Pharmacies, hospitals, beauty-dressing institutions, etc. The beauty salons, supermarkets, shopping malls, online platforms, “water and light needles” have been incorporated into three categories of medical devices, and the medical industry has become more regulated.
The bulletin on the adaptation of some of the contents (hereinafter “the bulletin”) makes adjustments to 27 categories of medical devices and to the contents of the Catalogue of Medical Devices. The bulletin specifies that radio frequency treatment machines, radio frequency dermal treatment devices, and regulatory management are regulated. Now, the medical industry is in disarray, based on data from the White Paper on Insight in China’s Medical Beauty Industry 2020.
According to the data, only 33.3% of the needles in circulation on the market, equivalent to two of every three needles, are illegal products, such as water and counterfeit products. As the medical industry becomes more regulated, companies that pre-dispose products like urinary acid, radio frequency, etc. will emerge, and good doctors’ dragonheads will have a legitimate share of needles in China’s medical industry in 2019.
Illegal needles (water) 66.7% 2.4 Company: with the richest three categories of medical appliances, most of which are listed on the national front line, and in order to meet consumer diversity needs, companies have built their own urinary acid products, such as hives, for the neck, forehead, etc.
The company now has one of the richest three types of medical products, most of which are listed on the national front line, with a pre-emptive advantage. The product matrix contains a total of medically fine products, including five skin fillers based on transparent acids (Hit, Yumei, Bonida, Yimei plus One, Evri), one.
(a) Skin filler based on polyroxic acid (silent during the day) and a pddo-face implant (close love): Fumei: commercialized skin filler based on transparent tycopic acid in 2010 marketed;
Industrialized skin filler with long-acting filling effect: Effrey: Listed in 2015, Lidocaine skin filler commercialized for the domestic headlines. Since its introduction, Effrey's sales income has continued to grow and in 2019 sales earned 39.27 per cent of the company's products:
Hives: Listed in 2017 as the country's first, the only global commercial skin filler for the restoration of the neck strips. Marketed up and highs were fast-tracked, with highs accounting for 43.5 per cent of the company's sales earnings in 2019; Listed in 2017, products containing transparent sodium + oxypropyl methyl cellulose gels with recalcitrable resistance.
(a) Capable of or resistant to elastic deformation and low water inhalation: Tight: 2019 marketed, domestic first-faced wire-planted products;
Figure 14: Americ product series matrix: He's the first in the country and the only global commercialized skin filler used to repair neck stripes, is in the lead:
Heavy-pound products - The Hive, approved by the National Drug Control Board in December 2016, is the first commercialization of domestic accounts and the only commercialized skin filler on the global market for the restoration of neck strips. The Highea (soluble injection product) is the company's main emulation technology, which is based on small-molecular non-composite transparent acids, with the effect of filling and refilling water.
He's got an enhanced component of l-septic acid, tian amino acid, lysine, avian acid, vitamin b2, which is effective in protecting local skin tissues and contributing to the production of gel proteins, which are skin-tight and more resilient. At the same time, he uses small molecules that are non-composite and transparent acids, which are much less resistant to elastic transformation than translucency and reduce post-treatment exposure to translucency.
Complications occur with greater safety; solution-based injection products: gel-injection products; facial implants; plastic-injection products: gel-injection products; facial-infusion products; and cosmetics.
The most common products of regenerative medicine include needles for young girls, daytime meals, Aviium. Depending on the material, they can be classified as polyhexylates (pcl), polyleft yoghurt (plla) and so on.
Months, representing the products of young girls, such as Yeon-seok, introduced in Chinese medicine. Pla is very biologically compatible and decomposable, mainly for the restoration of skin wrinkles and reduction of facial aging. According to the National Drug Control Service, China currently has only two batches of skin-filled products based on polyscirculose in the third category of medical devices, each of which is made during the day by an American lover.
The company's regenerative products, approved by the National Drug Control Service in June 2021 and listed in August, are national production and the world.
The first was approved for commercialization of a skin filler (plla-b-peg) containing a dihydrate conglomerates (plla-b-peg). During the day, high safety and clear therapeutic effects were achieved, sodium transparent acids were degraded in the short term, releasing microballs, producing immediate filling and long-term puncture production. Using the sdam " bipolar" patent technology, the microball distribution was more evenly distributed and effectively reduced.
Microball reunions and increased product safety are now well under way during the daytime, covering more than 600 medical beauty machines, which, because of their safety, their effectiveness, their ability to increase skin intensity, and their prolonged filling effects, are well spoken for both within the industry and among consumers. As products become more widely available, they are expected to be rapidly released during the day.
Figure 19: Size of the market for skin-filled products based on left-wing ecclesiasic acid in China3 Long-term: research and development innovations in forward-looking layouts and sustained growth in the performance of products supported by botox, soluble needles, watchpaints, etc.
3.1 Increased R & D investment in a variety of products The company has set up a platform for research and development of medical instruments and medicines, using different technologies for different adaptive disorders: multi-combined simulation of multiple components, substrate gel technology (Yummy, Bonida, JIMI plus one), solid liquid-graduation interlocking technology (Evele, JUMI)
Add I), Water-Classed Microball Suspension Preparedness Technology (Bonida), tissue liquid imitation Technology (Hitty), Hemolywater Precision Cut technique (tight) and Suspension Dispersed Bi-Society Microball Technology (by daylight).
The company is researching three major areas: medical equipment, biopharmaceuticals, and chemicals. Of these, three products are in clinical trials: Yearly approved: Medical modifier transparent sodium acid gels containing polyvinyl gel microballs are expected to be marketed in 2024: glp-1 receptor agonist for weight reduction — Lilalu is in the clinical stage of i.
The company is supported by autonomous R & D and by collaborative R & D. The products currently on the market are autonomous R & D, co-development with domestic and foreign institutions, including a second-generation plant line in collaboration with Eastern Medical (Korea), injection of a meat toxin with huonsbiopharma and its co-authors, and Lidocain cream in collaboration with Shandong, and other products under study.
3.2 New areas such as thin face, anesthesia, lipid reduction, multiple growth curves, botulinum toxin: botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin from bacterium botulinum that blocks God through mechanisms that inhibit the release of neurotransmitters
With muscles, the muscles stop contraction and improve skin wrinkles. Different strains produce different subtypes of neurotoxin, of which the injection of a botulinum toxin is the only botulinum toxin product in China’s medical market, and its injection effect can be maintained for four to six months.
The size of the site has increased from 1.9 billion yuan in 2017 to 4.6 billion yuan in 2021, or 25.6 per cent in cagr, and is expected to reach 39 billion yuan in 2030, eight times as high as in 2021. Only four toxic and toxin products in the country are currently on the market, and four products in the research product (injection) are in the iii clinical trial and one product is in the i/ii clinical trial.
The company’s co-operation with huonsbiopharma with a Botox-A was used to improve the kinetic wrinkles caused by muscle motion and is currently clinically in the iii phase, which is expected to be marketed in 2024. The product will be marketed in Korea and produced by the public.
The Ministry (the only legal distributor designated by Huonsbiopharma) imports to China (including Macau and Hong Kong). Given that the domestic market for bottox is currently in the blue sea, products are expected to be marketed quickly and their share of the market is expected to be seized, companies become more competitive, and surface anesthesia is expanded.
Exterior local anaesthesia is used mainly for small outpatient surgery, skin or mucous surfaces sprayed or sprayed on the operating area, and should be used for shallow surgery, such as skin beauty, laser therapy, semi-permanent and other non-surgical medical beauty treatment.
There are also 12 external local anesthesia ointments for shallow surgery and needle piercing, of which 6 are in the process of simplifying the application of new medicines, including human-bringing medicine, the long-Apocalypse pharmaceutical industry, Heisco, the Pearl Haidu pharmaceutical industry, etc.
In mid-2021, the market for local anaesthesia was 986 million yuan, and in 2017-2021, cagr, figure 24: emla, October 18, 2021, Lidocainca milk of Nobot Biotech Ltd., a fully-funded subsidiary of American-Americans.
It was approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service for clinical trials, which are expected to be completed in 2024. The product is mainly used for local anesthesia of whole skins before shallow skin surgery for adults, and is a chemical imitation product for the didocainca edencaine cream (the product is called pliaglis) sold by difacooperspa. Pliaglis was approved for listing in the United States in 2006 and is now marketed globally.
Countries are listed for sale, with China’s core patents expiring in 2020. The company has two major advantages in Riddleca’s entincca estasia: 1) it works faster than the domestic marketed products of Lidoca ethioamine.
Deoxychotic drugs are a substance that effectively dissolves membrane only and causes fat cells to disassemble, and are the main components of the soluble needle product. According to frost&solivan, China’s first soluble resin needle is expected to be approved in 2023.
With regard to the pattern of competition in the market, only one of the soluble resin needles is on the market globally, the Kybella of Al-Building, which was approved in 2015 by the fda for the removal of subfats (both chins). China has not yet obtained a lot of soluble resin needles, and only two solute needles are currently in the clinical stage. The company ' s autonomously developed deoxychotic drugs are in the pre-clinical phase and are expected to be approved for clinical trials in 2023.
Skin filling products are divided into solution-based injection products and gel-injection products. Solvent-based injection products (mainly high body and high beauty): Hi is a leader in the market as the country's first, and the only global commercialized, skin-lined filler. Hi panda needles are located in high-end products.
As high panda needles and other products continue to be released, we expect that the system will grow at a rate of 40-45% over the next three years.
It was approved by the National Drug Control Service in June of 2021, and it was listed in August, with the advantages of a combination of urinary acid and plla for the next three years, owing to its safety and ease, its effectiveness, and its ability to increase skin intensity and extend the filling effect.
Other things: planting wires, cosmetics, etc. Reference can be made to Betanney and Wah Hee-Bing, two stock-based public-sector companies, based mainly on their high-profile upstream medical-American track, and the high-level nature of their customers.
Growing up, with high certainty, gives them a higher premium on valuations. As home-grown businesses with the largest amounts of medically fined drugs and most of which are listed in the country’s first-ever market, the technical patent barriers protect the city’s rivers, and in the future, we look forward to long-term growth, thanks to a combination of factors such as the continued optimization of anti-control policies and the increased distribution of consumer-driven domestic demand.
The information contained in this report is based on reliable data from the Anshin International Securities (Hong Kong) limited group (the Anshin State) and is merely an expression of opinion. Anshin International, its parent group and/or affiliated group, or any individual cannot guarantee its accuracy or any other person.
Completeness. The information, observations and assumptions contained in this report reflect the judgement of Anshin International on the date of the initial report, which can be changed at any time without further notice.