"Man, goods, field" is hard to get over, "fast, good, hard" running. Investment rating: buy-in (first) + safety + efficacy + pre-emptive advantage, high ups and ups.
We think that there are three main reasons why high body is an implosion in the industry: 1 compared to other urinary acid products, the high body was aiming at the market at the neck line at the beginning, so the earlier study of the relevant product was about 12 months of the highest/minimum amount.
2; high product safety; successful ii medical device certificate from the National Drug Control Service in 2016. 3; high product efficiency; high heights with small molecules of non-combined and transparent acid plus a variety of other active ingredients that can be effectively removed from the neck strips.
Quick. In the short term, as the company’s medical and beauty industry expands and its channels expands, it will continue to see its neck strip penetration rate as compared to its 300-deep trend. In the medium and long term, the high body moves further into a segmented eye week by introducing panda and water light needles.
And the water market increases the growth ceiling. It's more likely to be recombinant during the day, and it's more likely to be another blast, and it's a new weight of the company's new product, after the high body, compared to the traditional boulic acid product.
There have been significant improvements in capacity and timing. Product pricing is over 1w, targeting high-end clients, and is expected to replace some of the international high-end urinary acid products, such as Jojadun, during the day. Because daytime is a combination of multiple ingredients, it provides for continuous product innovation.
More possibilities. By looking at the growth path of the Hive, we think that the product has already been cultivated during the day, and that the company will make small adjustments to it, such as specifications or fractions of the product, by introducing more products that are positioned to break down the track, which will make it the company's number one in the day.
Two super-blasts. Quite efficient R & D, more product-rich companies in the country that are involved in research and development of medically-American products, with a cost of 7% + high.
At the industry level. 1. A rich accumulation of technology enables companies to produce products in a timely manner, in line with market hot spots and trends, and since 2009 companies have successfully launched the first commercialized product in a large number of countries. 2. Companies have a large stock of research products and are currently working on them.
A type of botulinum toxin, second-generation facial implants, Lilalu semen injection fluids, etc.
• Management experience, product design skills, major management of companies with more than 10 years of experience in the medical and aesthetic sector, able to provide accurate insight into market demand, and thus better design of product functionality and marketing planning, leading to good market performance.
In the case of hindsight, the market is precisely located at the beginning of the market, taking advantage of the empty market. This is followed by the adjustment of product specifications, the successive introduction of panda needles, the introduction of live bubble needles, and the introduction of more energy and direct marketing through the training of doctors.
1. In terms of sales, the company uses a sales model that is based on direct sales, direct contact with doctors and terminal consumers to better market controlled products and improve their efficiency. By the end of 2021, the department covered some 5,000 medical beauty institutions in the country.
By training doctors to become the first to promote the company’s products, and by increasing the efficiency of the extension, the firm continues to fight on the basis of its accurate diagnosis of changing market demand and its continuous investment in research and development.
Good products are produced. High body is scarce, expanding the eye week and water light injections while consolidating the neck and neck markets; opening up the market during the day to regenerative market space, and after 2024, meat and poisons are not as popular as expected; industry regulations are tightened; outbreaks are repeated.
1 Medical Dragonhead with 1.1first-in-class: the only iii-class ii-circle-circle-circle-circle-circle-circumculatory, the country ' s first-ever iii-certificate-certificate-certificate-celebrator-celebrator-celebrator: 2016, the company injected through injections.
Sodium idiosynthetic solution is approved as the first transparent acid filler in the country for neck stripes, and the only filler currently approved for neck adaptive disorders. Hi is safer than traditional carotid acid injections: due to the removal of neck stripes, it is generally direct.
Visible acid skin fillers are injected into the skin cortex of the neck, easily causing the injection to form a condensed wrinkle in the body, and in serious cases, even the knots. So the Hive uses a unique imitation technique, using small molecules as a base for non-combined transparent acids, which is more suited to the soft and thinness of the neck skin. And the Hive uses small molecules that are not connected.
The anti-elastic transformation of transparent acids is much lower than the translucency of translucency acids, which minimizes the likelihood of complications as described above, and is highly safe. Hi can effectively remove neck strips: apart from translucency sodium acids, hips contain a variety of amino acids, vitamins, etc.
b2 and l-sepsis are the main components. (1) l-sepsis is a natural antioxidant, mainly by reducing the accumulation of potentially harmful metabolites in skin tissues, such as oxidation and sugar-based products, by mitigating damage to tissue and by slowing the early loss of skin due to repeated exposure under daylight. (2) Three amino bases
Acids, including lysine, lysine and avian acids, are raw materials for synthetic gel proteins in fibrous cell activity, which is used to maintain the local structure of skin; (3) vitamin b2, which stimulates the activity of the tissue ancillary enzymes (the molecules within the tissue that contribute to the rate of chemical reaction) in conjunction with the promotion of gel proteins.
Growing up. Based on the unique composition of the Hive, it can be effective in removing the neck stripes.
As soon as he was on the market, sales grew rapidly: based on the fact that it was the only product that could be used in the neck strip, and because it was safe and efficient, the product was released quickly. In 2017, the volume was 1197,000 and the amount collected was $3.4 billion. By 2019, the volume of high sales was 6.88 million.
Consumers are paying more attention to neck care, medical beauty and the share of neck stripes. According to the White Paper on Trends in Neck Care Consumption, 2021, sales in 2020 increased by 10 times as much as in 2016, and consumer attention to neck issues continues to increase.
In addition to the fact that 15% of consumers do not perform cervical care, the consumer approach to neck problems is dominated by the use of neck care products and neck massages, while 27% and 22% of consumers use facial and body care products, and only 14% use medically fine products. Products such as neck cream require longer-term use and are less effective than medicine;
And neck massages, etc., require a certain amount of technology. So, we expect that, as consumers become more aware of the beauty of medicine and more and more of its products, it is likely that the penetration rate of healer neck strippings will go into the common problems of the neck in figure 7.
In addition to being the only product used for circulatory adaptive disorders, Hives has expanded the market for eye, weekly injections and water light injections according to different product specifications: (1) eye week solutions, which are now commonly used mainly for panda needles and gel proteins.
The proof of the gel protein consists of three types of skin beauty, vines, and Vymphine. Since high body injections do not result in a local dindal effect as traditional urinary acids do, high body injections do not have a much different effect than gel proteins.
The average price of Skinmi is about $8,000. The penetration rate of panda needles in eye week injections is still at a low level, and there is much room for growth in the sales of panda needles, as the high body increases its attention to the substitution of gel protein and consumer attention to eye problems.
(2) Water and light needles are included in the catalogue of three types of medical devices, such as high-interest and other compliance products: there are still a large number of non-compliant institutions and beauty parlour shops in the country’s medical and beauty centres, in addition to the regular medical hospitals, and in 2021 more than six times as many institutions qualified to perform medical beauty services illegally.
At the end of March this year, the National Institute of Drug Control adapted the Catalogue of Medical Devices to regulate the inclusion of water-photo needles in three categories of medical devices, which are expected to benefit products such as high-tech certificates.
Costers are more aware of the choice of a formal product. Water and counterfeits are gradually compressed by more means, such as scanning and checking. Hi-horizon is expected to benefit from compliance as a compliance product with an iii class.
From 2017 to 2020, the building was revoked from its license and not qualified for illegal medical treatment.
Number of medical institutions that have withdrawn their licences as a percentage of the total number of establishments with beauty services, as a percentage of the total number of institutions with a medical licence, 2021
(2017-2020) Number of judicial instruments in the medical profession (2017-2020)
1.2best-in-class: Deep-cultivated urea gel products, more specialized 1.2.1 injections 1.0: diversified product differentiation development Focus on urea injections, product matrix formation: company urinary acid production since paragraph 1 in 2009
Since her approval, she has focused her attention on the market for bouria injection, and has continued to innovate in the optimization and upgrading of her products. At present, in addition to her hives, she has a pair of herds, Bonida, Eves, Yumei plus one, and during the day five herds of urinary acid filling products and one of her face line-planting products.
Chart 12 has been approved for major products, multiple product layouts, which solve the problem of globalization: at the injection level, Fumei, Bonida, Effie, Daytime to inject into the depths of the real skin; at the subsurface level, Yumei and Bonida can be used for the subsurface, and at the end of the day, one plus one and one.
It can be used in the shallow and deep layers of the skin. From the injection point of view, Fumei, Bonida, Jumei plus one for the shape of the forehead; Fumei and Bonida can also be used to fill the wrinkles of the nasal lips; Fumikai plus one, Effie, twigs during the day. As can be seen, the company's main urinary acid product coverage department is the main injection.
Filling, with shallow wrinkled and deep plastic products in place to address the full range of problems. Chart 13 Injection of corporate products Discrepancies between corporate products, with a strong value for money relative to international brands: Corporate product positioning packages
At the lower end of the upper secondary school, the prices are 1000-3000 yuan/ml, US$ 3,000-4000/ml plus US$ 1 and US$ 128-18000/ml. The product ' s life cycle includes short, medium and long periods, such as Ave, US$ 1 plus 1 and Boinida 6 months, 10-12 months, and 8-10 years, respectively.
Compared with international brands, companies have a higher value for value than their products. Transparency-based acid markets will continue to grow rapidly, and American-Americans have become domestic champions: according to Frost Sullivan, the price of the product is higher than the price of the product.
In terms of competitive patterns, the share of the market in Amerika (sales at factory prices) was 14.3% in 2020, ranking 3rd. In 2021, the market share in Amerika was 21.3% (+7pct), ranked 2nd, only 1.5pcc below number 1.
As company marketing increases and new products are marketed, companies will continue to increase their sales domestically. Chart 16 China’s transparent acid filler market patterns (at factory prices) Chart 15 China’s transparent filler market size (at plant prices)
1.2.2 Injection 2.0: Strong product power, leading the regenerative market with a day-to-day regenerative product with a longer life cycle of dual regeneration principle: In June 2021, the company applied for a national drug for the listing of a condensed, transparent sodium sodium acid gel product containing a left-wing emulsionate (plla)-ethyl diol co-polymer microball.
On July 21, the company's brand name was placed on the market in Beijing. During the day, the use of double regenerative detonating relay techniques, with the ability to fill and stimulate regenerative regenerative regenerative of the urinary acid immediately, was maintained for a longer period of time. During the day, the urinary acid became extremely plastic within 0-9 months of the injection.
As the urinary acid gradually metabolizes, the packaged microballs are exposed, and the plla microball metabolites stimulate the regenerative proteins, which serve to keep the color of skin light and tighten the skin for a period of 9-24 months.
Chart 18 functions during the day to make it safer and more plastic: during the day, to make the microballs contained in left-wing ecclesiastical acids a regular spherical structure, with smaller surfaces compared to irregular polygons. So the incentives for tissues are even smaller.
It effectively reduces the risk of bruising and inflammation, and improves the safety of products. And because of the affinity of the plla-ethanol co-polymer microballs, it can effectively enhance plastic capacity and viscous effects.
Since it is milk-white during the day, it is not easy to light with transparent gels of urinate. In general, it improves the safety and efficacy of products relative to traditional urinate products, and is expected to replace some of the high-end urinate products with increased market education.
Diagram 19 makes microballs available during the day. Diagram 20 features of the ethyl ethanol condensate microball. Only three products are currently approved in the country, making them more suitable for osteoporosis filling during the day: currently available on the market.
Cfda's registered regenerative products only love American people during the day, Yeon-seon from Chinese medicine, and Ave-St.
The product is more suitable for bone parts such as nose, eyebrow, jaw, etc. In addition, during the day, it has a longer life cycle, pains, the internal market for childhood needles is in the initial stages, and there is much room for improvement in penetration: although the needles were approved earlier abroad, according to Isaps, the number of surgeries performed by polyemuls is 1.1 per cent worldwide.
We believe that this is mainly due to the higher technical requirements for doctors during injections and to the constant targeting of high-end consumers at a higher price than ordinary urinary acids. Moreover, the European and American populations are more rigid because of their face.
The demand for medical beauty is more thin-faced, so the consumption of botulinum is much higher than the consumption of botulinum, which was 59% and 38% respectively in 2020. The demand for domestic consumer filling is relatively higher, with domestic consumption of botulinum and bottox accounting for 43% and 53%, respectively, in 2021. So we think that there are better filling plastics and longer support periods.
As market education increases, regenerative products will enter rapid growth in the next few years, and the Puma Institute projects the size of China’s renewable product market in 2025.
Figure 252021: China ' s Injecting Medicine and American Consumption Ratio: Fast, Predictable, Hard: 2.1 Quick: More R & D Reserves and More Efficient
Corporate R & D costs are high, with a higher pool of scientists: in 2021, the R & D cost rate was 7.1%, and about 6% of comparable companies in the industry remained high. And overall R & D costs continued to grow faster as the size of the company ' s income grew.
Figure 27 R & D cost rates, Figure 28 R & D costs, Figure 29 Number and percentage of R & D staff
Chart 30, with 25 patents, has a number of core technologies, such as solid liquid-grading inter-trading techniques, tissue liquid imitation techniques, water-crypting techniques, botnet suspension techniques, suspended two-friend microball technologies, etc., based on the company's wealth of people.
For example, Bonida uses water-cooled microballs, suspended floating technology, which is a skin filler with long-acting filling effect.
The use of devices to slobble up two affinities of microballs is a national and world-first commercialized microskin filler containing left-and-ethrocyte conglomerates. And the first domestic front-loaded facial implants are approved. There is a multiplicity of stocks of existing product tubes, which are expected to continue their advantages: the company is currently working on products, including for treatment of the hips.
The backstretch medicine uses polyvinyl gel microballs, sodium transparent acid gels to remove dynamic wrinkles, type a, botulinum toxin, second-generation facial implants for soft tissue upgrades, Lilalu selenium injections for chronic weight management, radioactive fluids, transparent injectable acid enzymes for dissolving transparent acids that can be injected under the skin, etc.
External cooperation has continued to develop innovative products to expand the product mix from biomedical materials to biopharmaceuticals and chemicals.
The size of the formal domestic meat and toxin market has continued to grow: China’s formal meat and toxin market has progressed steadily as a result of the rapid development of injecting medicine and the spread of meat and toxin products. In terms of sales, China’s 2019 notation of a type-a meat and toxin sales reached 200 million yuan for the first time.
With $3.8 billion in size and 25.9 per cent of cagr in 2015-2020, multi-brand botulinum clinical trials are expected to be marketed: due to the tight regulation of botulinum in the Chinese market, the balance in China ' s formal botox market by 2020, with only Chinese Lanzhou living beings, and Al Qian in the United States.
Prototys, two players, are in China’s 90% or more of the meat toxin market. In the second half of 2020, Chico, produced by the French company Lipson, and Lattig, produced by the Korean company Hugel, were subsequently marketed, so that China has been approved to increase the number of botulinums to four, approved products to different specifications, dispersiveness, and packaging forms, covering more.
In addition, there are a number of new products and new adaptives in bed trials. Among them, the best medicine and the Tagger medicine have completed their clinical trials and are now being put on the market.
Both rt002 are undergoing clinical trials during the iii period. Both botulinum and botulinum are common guest products, the company has a wide range of urinary acid channels, the sales people have a better understanding of the institution, it is expected that when the botox is on the market, market coverage will quickly be achieved, it is hoped that the existing growth path of botulinum will be replicated, and it will become the company's second-largest class of products.
According to Frost Sullivan, the number of obese cases in China reached 220 million in 2020, an increase of 5%. At the same time, the market for diets reached 1.9 billion yuan, an increase of 73%. As you can see, there is much room for growth in the market for diets as the number of obese increases and the awareness of weight management increases.
In Nord's clinical trial, Leila Lupe showed better weight loss, with about 62% of obese patients (bmi30) having lost an average weight of 5% and 34% having an average weight reduction of 10%. As a result, several companies in the country have been able to reduce weight in the market.
Three rounds of clinical work have been completed. The company Lilalupi is in the middle of a clinical phase, which is expected to enter into the next phase of clinical trials in 2022, commercialization after 2025. Corporate equity structures are concentrated, managers are experienced, and far-sighted: in terms of the company’s equity structure, the public is aware.
The Department actually controls Ms. Chang Jun, with a direct shareholding rate of 30.96 per cent and direct holdings through Ningbo, Ninbo-Danish Investment Management Partnership, Ninbo-Sung Investment Management Partnership 7.08 per cent, with a combined share holding of approximately 38.04 per cent.
In addition, the director and general manager of the company, Ishi Ying Feng, has had business management, marketing and marketing for over 10 years since 2010; the deputy general director and sales director of the company, Trina, has had nearly 20 years of sales experience and has been the sales director of the e-American industry since 2010.
There is a greater insight into market changes and regulatory dynamics, which makes it easier to create burst products. Figure 41 Corporate equity structures (up to 2022h1) Ningbo customers are paramount
Ning Bo knows how to do it.
Hong Kong, Shibuya Peak Wang Lanju
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
After the company had been listed in January 2009, the company saw that the products available on the market were urinary acid products for a period of less than one year. And the country’s existing products were dominated by medium- and low-end products, so the company developed Bonida. Bonida contains 20% of polyethylene gel soft microscopes + 80% of hydropropyl bromide transparent acids.
The ulcers are regenerated and are often used in angioplasty surgery, safe, reliable and persistently degradable. When Bonida is on the market, it is positioned high-end, with a life cycle of 8-10 years, and is recognized in long-acting urinary acid.
20% pva microscope + 80% composite urinary acid (pva microbally is used in angioplasty surgery, safe and reliable, persistently degradable)
When new products are marketed, companies can also provide timely insight into market segmentation of demand, leading to a more accurate positioning of products and a successful build-up of explosives. For example, when high body approval is obtained, the company’s initial 1.5ml product owner, if used for injections in the inner cortex of the neck, has the role of placating the neck, pulling it tight, and enhancing resilience in 2020.
Each year, the company saw the need for eye week and other parts of the face, and introduced 1.0 panda needles, 2.5 water needles, and sex, so, by reference to the success of the Hive, we expect bone filling to open the market gradually during the day. But after a period of market education, the company will introduce more similar products.
Bump-filled products make it easier to adapt during the day. The high-speed panda needles were introduced three years after the market, but because the company has high-body experience and is more competitive than the eye-to-eye market, we expect that the company’s roll-out of 2.0 new products will reduce the time available during the day, and it is expected to be around 2023.
2.3 Strong enforcement, wide distribution, and timely feedback on end demand: the company adopted a sales model based on direct sales, which in 2021 was 61%. The company’s sales team visits customers, organizes product launches, organizes and sells.
At the same time, companies participate in tenders or procurement reviews in hospitals or hospitals organized by hospital authorities, when they are eligible for admission to the hospital, and establish business cooperation with public hospitals.
The sales model, the direct sales model, is a better way to sell the controlled end product. And, as a result of the large number of sales people who are in direct contact with the terminal, the feedback and demand for the terminal customers can be quickly adjusted.
Mainly in the second-line cities, there is much room for market growth on the third- and fourth-line: in the subregion, the share of the East China region is stable. We believe that the main reason is that the company is now predominantly in the first and second-line cities, while the East China region has more high-grade cities, and the North China region has less consumption than the South China-East China cities, except Beijing and Tianjin.
The rapid growth in the number of medical and aesthetic institutions in the three or four-line cities has created more market space for the growth of corporate products.
The company’s marketing team is strong and professional: the company’s sales team, consisting of marketing directors, regional managers, regional managers and customer managers, has a stable professional membership, mostly with a professional background in the medical beauty industry and extensive industry sales experience. At the same time, the company regularly organizes training for sales personnel to help marketers master their products.
In addition, companies have better employee appraisals and incentives, with a per capita output of $6.14 million in 2021 and a declining trend in the share of sales personnel in total revenue from 2018 to 2021.
After many years of accumulation and sedimentation, the company has formed a network of marketing services in 31 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions of the country. By the end of 2021, the company had 236 sales and market personnel, covering 31 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions of the country, covering approximately 5,000 medical beauty services in the country.
As of daytime, more than 500 health-care institutions have been covered. On-line, all-round learning is combined with off-line academic meetings, using professional doctors as a channel to break through: when the new product is introduced, the admission and operation of doctors is the first step towards the consumer, so the training of doctors is a product.
The company, based on continuous technical training for medical beauty doctors and on meeting the needs of consumers for differentiation, helps doctors to understand the professionalism of the company’s products through a combination of online learning platforms and offline academic meetings. It organizes training teams for leading experts and experts.
Continuous export of medical beauty technology-related knowledge, market strategy-related programs to industry doctors, agency managers, and operators, and improvement of the combination of doctor's diagnostics, customer service, etc. and help doctors make good use of the company's products, so they are willing to recommend the company's products to more beauty seekers.
There are over 12,000 certified doctors, more than 30,000 users, and more than 160 online and offline academic meetings organized by companies. During the day, the company introduced a system of authorization for the injection of licence plates by doctors, combining the training of doctors with the authorization system, and an efficient and stable system of channels and learning platforms providing an initial advantage for the promotion of new products.
During the day, rapid penetration between different types of institutions across the country took place.3 Financial analysis: high performance, room for improvement in roe.
After the year's listing, a unique neckline market was located, followed by products of different specifications, such as panda needles, products, chart 49 company receipts, corporate products and brands are gradually recognized by consumers, and profitability continues to increase: company Māori 2021
The company’s products are compliant and better when injected. And as more doctors are made aware of the validity and safety of the products, through colleges, professional dissertations, etc., the training of doctors allows them to use the company’s products and develop branding power. Therefore, the company sells.
There has been a significant decrease in the cost rate. In addition, the company has increased its operational efficiency and the management cost rate has remained on a downward trend. As a result, the net interest rate of the company has continued to rise.
Improved management of the company’s inventory capacity: due to the company’s downstream reliance on medical and American institutions, the impact of the epidemic, and the increase in the number of days it collects its accounts. The stock turnover was somewhat lower as a result of the company’s development of flexible production plans based on market demand and sales forecasts and the introduction of a digital inventory management information system
Figure 53 Business capacity of companies Adequate monetary funds and declining asset turnover affects the Roe level: the overall asset turnover of companies is on the decline, mainly due to growth in corporate revenue, sufficient monetary capital and slower growth in the size of the liabilities.
The impact of the decline in the turnover rate of production and production. Companies can make more investment activities and increase the utilization of their funds.
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: The company ' s current product consists mainly of high body-based solution injection products and bovine gel products such as Bonida, Effrey, etc.
(1) Hives: The growth in consumption of the high body is driven by the prospect of growth in the stock and volume of the only products with neck strip adaptations. The high body and panda needles are used for eye-week injection, and the high body is expected to increase further in the eye-week population because it is more cost-effective than the gelatin. In addition, the high body can also be used for eye-week injections.
In the case of water light injections, as the water light market becomes more regulated, it looks as if the high body is growing in the waterlight market. (2) Bouriate gel products: products such as the company Bonida, Evelyn, etc. have developed over the years, have been recognized by doctors and consumers, have developed brand power, and are expected to grow rapidly.
In June 2021, products were marketed with the effect of timely filling + stimulation of regenerative glue, with longer periods of effect than the traditional blubric acid, and with the prospect of a rapid start in the high end injecting market. Based on firm’s accurate judgement of changing market demand and continued investment in research and development, companies are constantly building up well.
The high body is scarce, expanding the eye week and the water-light injection market while the neck-line market is being consolidated; during the day it opens up the regenerative market space, and after 2024 the meat and poisons will continue to feed the products, and the medical melons will not be as popular as expected: after the company's regenerative products are on the market, there are a lot of marketing promotions, if the products are sold.
Industry regulation has become more stringent: since 2020, the country has become more heavily regulated in the medical-American sector, which may disturb companies in the short term.
Inability to operate normally may affect the sale of the company’s products. Law, using legally compliant information, and producing the report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are from publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change anything.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.