The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry has a steady recovery and the transition is continuing, and the three-quarterly report of 2024 has a performance rating.
Events: On October 25, 2024, Changchun-Yung-hyun published a three-monthly report for 2024, which achieved a steady return from the gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry, whose profits were affected by the cost of research and development. In the first three quarters of 2024, the subsidiary gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry achieved $8,163 million, an increase of 0.55 per cent over the same period, and our analysis is mainly due to the release of long-acting products.
In the long run, the pollen and water needles are collected and the result is long-lived □ chingpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn
The gold-track pharmaceutical industry is in a critical transition period, with a number of products on the market next year. The growth hormones are the cornerstone, and the growth hormones are the cornerstone.
Solitaire Kinsey Drug Industry extended to the field of women ' s and children ' s health by reorganizing human-promoting ovarian hormone injection fluids, yellow ketone injection fluids (ii) and so on to obtain a Certificate of Registration for Medicines against acute gout arthritis, for use in children ' s centres
Early sexual injection with traiprin microballs, recombinant ovulation hormones-ctp integrated protein injection fluids, nose inflammation live vaccines (liquid formulations), market applications for products such as bronze, and many innovative products are about to be marketed, or a second growth curve for the company.
In addition, the gensci098 injection fluid used to treat thyroid eye disease (ted) in August 2024 (the human-source film (the small molecule kif18a inhibitor) was implicitly approved by the U.S. for clinical trials of the new drug fda. 100 grams of biology, a decline in the performance of high-renewal properties, and an increase in the performance of the Chinese medicine industry. 1 in the third quarter of 2024)
The subsidiary 100-gram organisms realized revenues of 1,026 million yuan, a 17 per cent decline in the same year, and the net profit of the parent owner of the company of 244 million yuan, a 26 per cent decline in the same year. The fall in 24-q3 battalion was mainly due to a decrease in the sale of live vaccines with herpes. 2) The subsidiary, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry, achieved revenue of 572 million yuan, an 11 per cent increase in the same year.
Realization of net profits attributable to parent owners: 35 million yuan, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period. 3) A subsidiary with a high new estate income of 591 million yuan, a decrease of 23.70 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to parent owners.
The company is now at a critical stage in the transformation of innovative R & D, with many products expected to fail next year, with overseas expansion falling short of expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.