On November 20, 20, 2024, the company issued an announcement to use its own funds and financial institutions.
The equity buy-back of special-purpose loan funds and the repurchase of ordinary (a) shares of the renminbi already issued by some companies in the territory of the country in the form of a centralized competitive transaction, all used to follow up on the company ' s and subsidiary ' s core group equity incentive or employee holding scheme.
1. "Long Spring High Company Review: Short-term cost pressure, ongoing product layout buy-backs for incentive schemes and long-term development confidence " . According to the company announcement, "Long Chun High Company Review: Business Performance Growth, R & D Layout Up "
The total amount of money to be repurchased is not less than RMB 300 million, not more than RMB 500 million.
To protect the interests of all shareholders, in particular small and medium-sized shareholders, and to enhance investor confidence: This buyback is used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes, and further improvements are made to the company's long-term incentive mechanisms by fully mobilizing the corporate and subsidiary management teams, core cadres, etc.
The incentives and creativity of dry and good employees promote high-quality, sustainable corporate development, with sustained and stable returns for shareholders. R & D progress continues, and product structures are expected to improve gradually.
Progress in the development of products, with Luxurin injection of milk for late prostate cancer completed 111 final clinical studies, 111 pre-conception clinical studies for children
In combination with gs1-144, new drugs 1 have been introduced in China and Australia, respectively, gensci098 injections have been completed in China.
In the future, the company will actively expand its production in the relevant areas, continue to improve the uniqueness of the profitable variety, expand its second-largest growth in the future, taking into account the pace at which the company spends on research and development, changes in the market environment, etc.
Health insurance price reductions and cost-control risks: growth hormone competition increases the risk: products are not sold as fast as expected; R & D is not progressing as expected, etc.