Discontinue the acquisition of semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment without changing their long-term value for the company's value focus chip area.
As a matter of convenience, the company’s board of directors decided to stop issuing shares to buy 100% of the shares of the Beijing Purple Alliance Science and Technology Ltd. Termination is a reasonable decision that would enhance the company’s valuation.
The trading price of the full interest of the UHFC shareholders is about $18 billion, the amount of shares issued is about $500 million, the value of which is far beyond the initial valuation of the program, and the termination of the acquisition is a reasonable decision. UHF is twice as high as the value.
There's a certain technical threshold, but it's still not enough to match the high value of the core chip. Focus on the chip area. Performance valuations are sustainable.
The special integrated circuit operations are less affected by the epidemic, and fpga is at the total market value/flow (millions)
There have been important developments in the communications, industrial controls, and consumer markets, and it is hoped to maintain a high Māori rate. 5g Super Sim Cards have accelerated import, and 5g Super SimCards have opened up the growth space.
The 5g Super Sim outbreak was eliminated, customers could go back to the shop, and the import of the super Sim card was expected to accelerate. The card was going well, and 2020q1 was set to increase year-round.
The termination of the acquisition does not affect the collusiveness. The termination does not affect the UV country’s micro- and UV festivities - 2020/04/02 Synergy, continued market-based synergies and market expansion.
It is expected that when the announcement comes out, the group will repackage the acquisition program, find new buyers, fpga will break through and build 5g China.
The acquisition is expected to last longer.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.