Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment The first semi-annual performance forecast, special integrated circuit operation growth is higher than expected The epidemic is more stressful and performance growth is higher than expected.
After this amendment, the negative impact of the upward shift to the mother’s net profit zone, the company’s active resumption of work, minimizing the impact of the epidemic, and maintaining rapid growth in special integrated circuit operations at the same time, contributing steadily to steady profits.
Special integrated circuits maintain high growth, applications are breaking through. Companies focus on chip operations, and special integrated circuit products are gradually moving up to the top. According to public information, the purple light country has become a chip supplier for the C919 aircraft, providing them with a total cargo of network communications.
Line exchange chips. The fpga chip is also used in the UAV market in an important area of civil aviation in terms of total equity/flow (millions of shares). We believe that it benefits from national production substitution and autonomous control, company-specific integrated circuits.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Operations will continue to grow at a high rate, with wide application prospects in the areas of communications, civil aviation, communications, transportation, high iron and new energy sources.
On July 10, the company and the Dixie Sign signed a new product.
The project is progressing well, with a year-round increase in the UNDP Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement in 202001, which will involve a full range of collaborations in the areas of application of 5g, access to goods, etc., long - 2020/04/02.
DeIton promised to market and sell 10 million 5g supersim cards in the purple country; in addition, it listed and sold the micro-intelligence locks, wireless chargers, scan identifications, etc.
Fpga has made a breakthrough, building 5g in China, and the purple light country will customise high-performance colour strip sim card products for DTIS, among others.
The China Cloud Interconnection has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Purple State, with 2 million 5g super-sim cards and deep cooperation on applications such as 5g and iot.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.