UV (002049): Special operations need to be strong, safety chip down cceal6+ recognition.
Special operations are resumed as scheduled: they are affected by the epidemic at the beginning of the year. Special operations are affected during the first quarter of the year. But, as the epidemic is under control in the country, they are now being recommenced as a semiconductor under the flag of the Purple Group.
In particular, in the area of specialics, the recovery of demand is more than expected. And since the area of specialic focuses on integrated circuit chip design development, it is generally the second half of the year that is better than the first half of the year, and the company is expected to consolidate itself further in the area of speciality.
Integrated circuit chip products and solutions providers, both domestic and international, have successfully developed smart safety chips, millions and 100 million products.
Stable memory chips, secure self-contained fpga, power half-conduct, are promoting sopc integration solutions.
New models are expected to boost corporate profitability in the future. At the same time, companies continue to operate as subordinates.
In addition, the company has made good progress in developing storage products in special areas, in collaboration with Xian subsidiary. In addition, it has developed more than 20 products in the power sector.
52 weeks of share price range ($) flowering status. The first security chip in the country was certified as cceal6+, and the company had clear short- and long-term development objectives: public
Sthd89 became the first domestic chip product to be certified by international Sogiscceal6+, 60,682/60,623, one of the highest security chips in the global security phase, and achieved a major breakthrough for China in this area.
We have a new top-level record on chip security, which can be compared to Nxp.st and Tristar circulation b/h (million shares). While company revenues in the area of security have been affected during the epidemic, the company plans to do so.
Clarified, card-based advantages are clear, and we look forward to the future development of the company in this area. Short-term security chips do not replace the national product by about 50% of the market share in the silver card sector. 5g supersim cards are also being sold in various regions, and the three star's latest flagship cell phone s20 is one of the appropriate models.
The acquisition of French Linxens by the Light Group has further consolidated the company’s competitive advantage in this area by developing an integrated solution model for chip + strips in the area of smart cards. While there is a great deal of uncertainty about the acquisition of French Linxens, companies have increased integration, increased market ownership, and internationalization in this area.
The goal is not to change. In addition to future end-of-life certifications in the areas of object networking, car networking, and digital money, we expect that pre-etc and car-networking applications will soon provide a new engine for companies to grow. And, outside the area of corporate security, noorflash and wireless charging lines have been developed.
In the area of wireless chargers, a 20w high power wireless charge solution is introduced that caters to the mainstream market. The program consists of two parts: a launch end chip and a receiving end module.
The product was also delivered on a large scale, with an average monthly delivery of about 15 kk/month.
East Hing Securities Co. reports (002049): Special business needs are strong, security chips take down cceal6+ certification. Other business is also growing at a very high rate: the company is a small national manufacturer of fpga, and the company fpga operates in a comprehensive manner to open up the communications and industrial control markets and actively promotes the titan.
The application and industrialization of the high-value fpga chips of the high-performance fpga and logos series has begun to produce and sell. The new product of the compact cpld has been marketed in 2018, including communications, and has successfully imported some of the client projects.
As the 5g process progresses, the company’s products are already on fire, tested by communications equipment manufacturers such as Sino-China. As the international situation changes, the process may accelerate, and it is expected to accelerate the pace of national production substitution.
In the area of specialics, demand recovery is exceeding expectations. With the introduction of speciali-ic captions better than in the first half of the year, companies are expected to further expand their niches in the field. The company’s fpga product is in the forefront.
The company’s 70 million, 80 million, and 100 million products have been well developed. Special integrated circuit operations continue to expand to large customers, and the pace of increasing domestic production is expected to accelerate.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the country of purple light (002049): special business needs are strong, security chips take down cceal6+ certification.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Xinjiang, Dallas State University, Texas, simulated/radio-frequency chip design. Used to be an engineer in the design of microchips in China, China, and the Purple State.
2 years of experience in securities practice, 19 years of membership in East Hing securities.
Master of Finance, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, Master of Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the China-China Nuclear Group, and joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Purple light country (002049): Special business needs are strong, security chips take down cceal6+ certification, and no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.