Special fpga supersim card three-line energy, maintaining high performance.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2020, with a revenue of $1,464 million, with a higher than expected performance, with special integrated circuits as the main driving force. Corporate revenue fell by 6.08% compared to the same period last year, mainly due to 76% completion of the transfer of the Xian purple core.
Equity, no more. In a comparable caliber, the same income rises by 24.14 per cent. In recent years, the search for special integrated circuit-related research and development has continued to widen the range of products, improve technological capabilities, seize industrial development opportunities, and the special integrated circuit operation has continued to grow at a high rate, making it the first half.
The annual performance contribution is focused; the high Māori rate of special integrated circuit operations has increased from 32 per cent to 55 per cent over the same period last year, leading companies to increase the combined Māori rate from 35.8 per cent to 55.1 per cent, with a net increase in special integrated circuit operations remaining high in response to the larger trend of national production.
The main control is the dominant trend, with national production of special chip taps, a wide range of applications in aeronautics, skyscrapers, electronics, and ships, and national production alternatives. In particular, a new generation of high-performance fpga products is gaining market recognition, new products are being developed successfully, and technology gaps are being developed.
Three series of company tytans, logos, compact cards are going well, and 2020q1 has grown year-round.
There has been significant progress in communications, industrial controls, and consumer markets, and sales have been made on a scale scale. The smart security chip has advanced to the top, and the 5g super Sim card has been favoured by the operator.
Fpga was able to break through more diversified applications such as 5gsim, esim, digital money wallets and build a 5g China shape, and companies actively expanded new high-end safety chip products and techniques in areas such as physical networking, 5g, etc.
The research and development of the technology, and on the basis of the original safety chip certified through aec-q100, focused on the deployment of a vehicle-borne safety control chip into the electronics area of the vehicle. The 5g super Sim card, which is favoured by the operator, is now being sold in the city of Décton, Décton.
In Beijing, the city's west-city district is located on the 9th North Street.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.