Purple light country (002049): A single quarter of history, full core of business.
The company is a listed company in the semiconductor industry under the flag of the Purple Group, 1. The company ' s net return profits are record high and its profitability continues to improve. The company ' s 2020h1 campaign focused on integrated circuit chip design and development is leading.
Revenue from industry was 1,464 million yuan, a 6.08 per cent decline in the same year; net return to mothers was 402 million yuan, a growing number of integrated circuit chip products and solution providers, products and applications in both the domestic and the foreign sectors, and in smart safety chips, high.
108.47%. The main reason for the decline in corporate revenue is a change in the scope of the consolidated statements, with dram operations now stabilizing the memory chip, security autonomy fpga, power half year no longer included in the scope of the merger.
Core business areas such as bodyware, superstitious crystal-crystal frequency devices 24.14 per cent. Corporate net profit returns have grown significantly, mainly from the company ' s special integrated circuit operations, which have developed into a leading competitive and market position.
At the same time, public 2 and special integrated circuits have seen an outbreak of growth, and platform-based public demand has grown around Sopc core products, while some of these products have become more expensive due to insufficient supply of demand.
In the field of deep-dry computing, there are now two cpu+fpga fists. Meanwhile, the Department is constantly improving its own soc capacity to integrate more ip into its own computing platform, such as power management, total equity/flowa (millions of shares)
Interfaces, bridges, bus lines, storage, and fpga gradually develop their own ecology. As the company sopc circulation b/h shares (millions of shares) of products and ecology improves, corporate products gradually shift from a single hardware to a bottom core system.
It has become a switch from "ip" to "syytem." Moreover, the company has made great strides in the field of power chips and modules, special power switching and special power control products have received a higher market share, and mini-dc/dc power switching products have started to be applied.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery.
Micro-violet country (002049). The first quarter was a historic high, the core business generally improved towards 3 intelligent security cores, and the product application landscape continued to grow. The company achieved a revenue of 550 million yuan, a decrease of 9.34 per cent, compared to the previous year, for the safe type of product, i.e., 2020h1 (ic). The gross interest rate was 26.30 per cent, an increase of 4.46 per cent. The decline in income from the safety category was mainly due to the effects of the epidemic, resulting in banks, sim and various types of finance in the first half of the year, especially in the first quarter.
But the company’s Māori rate has increased significantly, largely as a result of strategic changes in industry and companies. In the banking sector, the gradual exit of Engjipo and other domestic manufacturers, the pattern of competition in the industry has gradually developed, with the market now dominated mainly by purple light and China, and product unit prices showing a steady and warming trend at the bottom.
In addition to the traditional financial sector, the downstream application of safety products is gradually expanding. First, in the electronics sector, with the advent of pre-etc and car connections, the safety core is expected to be marked in the future in the automobile sector, and the company ' s products are now leading competitors in the safety core through aec-q100 certification. Second, in the digital currency sector, companies are expected to provide a safe core for various types of digital currency products, such as digital money wallets and operators.
The company is now developing new products for digital money with operators and with various financial end-users, such as New Nation, New mainland, and Elephant. Finally, with the company taking over the international Sogiscceal6+ certification and the group’s successful acquisition of Linxens, the company has the capacity to move out of the country and is now actively expanding its fpga product model and developing high-end projects.
The model of a series of cpld products continues to expand, and the product of cpld is basically a whole series. In addition, the design platform for a new generation of high-value fpga products of the logos-2 series has been completed, and the typical product has been produced in small quantities. Full efforts are being made to develop a new generation of high-performance fpga products of the Titan-2 generation.
Declining demand for goods in the field: less progress than expected in the digital currency area; less progress than expected in the area of car connectivity; increased instability in the periphery; sources of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity; sources of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
Uttar Pradesh (002049): The first quarter is a historic high, and the core business is in full harmony with the East's source of wealth and wisdom, Liu Jianji.
In the United States, Texas State University, Dallas, analogue/radio frequency chip design. Used to be a microchip design engineer for China, China, China, and the Utility. 2 years of securities experience, 19 years of joining East Hing securities.
Master of Science in Finance, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Central and Guang Nuclear Group, 2019, joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the purple light country (0020449) has reached an all-time high in a single quarter, and that there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.