In 2022, the company achieved a business start in China (601088).
The decline in the profit ring ratio is mainly due to costs incurred, higher costs incurred and losses on the impairment of assets accounted for Coal plate: active implementation of insurance policy, double price of self-produced coal \triangleright \triangleright
Tons, 13.4 per cent less than the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the number of coals under the insurance mandate, the total amount of coal on the market was reduced and the amount of coal sold out was reduced by 40.1 per cent on the same basis. In terms of marketing structure, the annual association of directors of companies, the monthly association of directors, and spot sales were 53 per cent, 32 per cent and 9.5 per cent.
Increased production coverage, increasing the annual share of self-produced coal sales by 9.9 ptt. From sales prices, continued pressure on the supply of and demand for coal and the increase in prices in the centre of the Association, with the company selling an average of $644 per ton of coal, up 9.5 per cent from the same year.
In the middle of the year, the price of ACLU sales was $515 per ton, an increase of 12.9 per cent in the same year; at the cost end of the year, the cost of producing the company ' s own coal unit was $176.3 per ton, an increase of 13.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in employees ' wages and the inclusion of safe production costs.
With 27,744 million yuan in revenues, the rate of Maori in coal plates rose by 8.3 pct to 35.9 per cent as a result of the decline in the share of coal purchased from abroad, and the production of coal per year was actively promoted by the Li Trench coal mine.
The company’s coal production is expected to remain largely stable in the context of tighter security regulations. At the same time, the company is actively promoting the development of reserve projects, with the new wells of the first street and the new well of the second well of the new street having obtained a replacement of production capacity approved by the National Energy Agency, with an approved capacity of 8 million tonnes/year, estimated at 2026-2027.
Annual production is expected to bring steady momentum to the company’s medium- and long-term growth in coal production.
In 2022, itd benefited from the integration of the storage of electricity at the port of Fukuchiro Bay, the transport of the North Sea Power Project, building No. 1 of the 9th Altitude Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
A total of 2340mw additional installed capacity was achieved annually, generating 191.2.8 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) more than 14.9 per cent more than the same year, and 17,981.1 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) more than 15.2 per cent more than the same year, while companies actively promoted the implementation of the power modification policy, which resulted in a 21.3 per cent increase in the same price of coal combustion to $416 per year.
MWh. The average cost of electricity sold in the power generation business was $380.8/megawatt hour, an increase of 8.1 per cent in the same year, and 7 pct, an increase of 14.3 per cent in the same year, due to the increase in the price of coal-fired purchases.
In terms of electricity, a steady recovery in macroeconomics is expected to boost the demand for electricity, prompting the National Energy Agency to begin planning for a 14th Five-Year Power Guarantee to accelerate the approval of supporting power sources on a provincial basis. In response to the national power supply policy, companies are working on a fire power project, which now stands at about 10.8gw.
The power grid is being built, and production is expected to continue in 2023-2025, in line with the 2-3-year build-up cycle. With regard to electricity prices, the market-based reforms will be accompanied by a gradual improvement in the trading mechanism and market price formation mechanisms, while the flexibilization of electricity will be adjusted for value.
In 2022, the cost of corporate railways, ports, shipping, coal sections increased faster than income.
The Māori rate has fallen by the same year. In this case, the cargo and turnover of the company ' s shipping divisions have been realized by the same year. Port plates have been affected by inadequate out-sourcing of coal and an increase in fuel costs, with Māori rates falling by 3.7 pct to 46 per cent; and coal-chemical units have produced 693.7 kilotons of polyolefin, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the same year.
A total of 4.8 million tons of coal were consumed, all sold within the group; 66 million tons of coal were used in the power generation sector, representing an increase of 10.4 per cent compared with the increase of 78.2 per cent in total coal used for electricity generation, resulting in better company integration.
Implementation of the quality upgrading programme for companies listed in China ' s corporate holdings, which combines strong ownership with the resolution of competition among their counterparts, and the injection of high-quality coal assets into the group. In May 2022, the National Investment Commission launched the Work Programme for Improving the Quality of Companies Listed in China ' s Corporate Holdings, and in December submitted an action plan to promote the evaluation of the company.
Initiatives to restore value, professionalize, and improve China’s modern business system. The company and its shareholders’ national energy group are committed to creating a world-class model of global competitiveness, and continue to deepen business reforms in order to promote high-quality business development with good reform effectiveness.
The three-year reform exercise achieved a “5-a-percent contribution” and became a model for central firms to deepen and transform. With policy impetus, we believe that companies are expected to continue to be “frontiers” for central firms and capital market reforms and innovations, and to implement the reform priorities and upgrade them on a continuous basis.
Quality, platform quality, business quality, and capital quality, leading to growth in endogenous business performance and a return in value. It is a matter of concern that the focus on ownership, tackling competition and improving efficiency is a key step in the effort to improve the quality of companies listed in the current round.
The source group has a coal production capacity of 670 million tonnes/year, while coal assets such as Ningxia coal (85.8 million tonnes/year), Xinjiang energy sources (74.9 million tonnes/year), Uhai energy (19.1 million tonnes/year), flat coal (5.9 million tonnes/year) are still not on the market.
The value of investments is further enhanced by net cash, low indebtedness, high cash flows, and high dividends.
\triangleright’s excellent performance has resulted in a strong cash flow of $10.97 billion net cash flow from operating activities in 2022 and $17.503 billion in book money. At the same time, the company is strengthening its financial controls with interest and interest.
The value of the investment is further highlighted by giving back to shareholders on a case-by-case basis. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we believe that in 2023, the country’s short-term performance was increased, productive \triangleright
The use of such policy tools as diving has been almost exhausted, adding to the country's open-air safety system, with tight controls, shifting the core of coal supply to insufficient production capacity, and limited growth in physical marginal supply. We believe that coal supply and demand will remain in a tight pattern for the next three to five years.
The price hub is expected to rise. The high-sum ratio and integrated operations of companies provide a higher degree of certainty about business performance, adding high cash and high-dimension attributes to the value of future investments. We anticipate risk factors: the macroeconomic situation is uncertain; geopolitical factors affect the global economy;
Instability of policies in the coal, electricity-related industries, safety of production accidents in coal mines, etc. Member of the Operational Audit Committee, member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for more than 10 years, presided over “XIII”.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice; June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of China's Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University, who was formerly a Master of Financial Sciences
Research on large energy panels, such as electricity and natural gas. High-level, Ph.D. in Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Management of Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked on coal mines for many years, in technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, 2022
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June of that year for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, a master ' s degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market transformation, in virtual power plant applications and in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied the coal and electricity industries. Wu Bo-Jing University, Master of Industrial Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where he studied the coal industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.