Quest flight (002230): A.T.L., 2c. Ex-Serbs, 10 September 2019, recommended (for the first time)
Intelligent voice taps, climbing the new heights of artificial intelligence. Telecom is a very small number of softweight companies in the country with key core technologies, leading our intelligent voice and artificial intelligence industries. Corporate smart voice core technology represents the highest water in the world.
Ping, with more than 70 per cent of the domestic voice market, ranked first. In 2018, the company took 12 international first key core technologies in artificial intelligence, which remained at the forefront of the international market for the company ' s products.
Competition creates high technical barriers and a leading advantage. On key tracks, the firm’s “first-to-first-best” pattern has continued to grow and business growth has been strong, as the actual application scene is driven by data and expert knowledge has accumulated.
• The Platform's enabling plus subsidence creates multi-layered artificial intelligence industry ecology. In the Platform, the number of developers of the Open Platform has grown from 37,000 in 2014, a significant increase to 920,000 in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 123.3 per cent;
The total number of applications for the platform has also increased from 54,000 in 2014 to 590,000, with an annual compound growth rate of 81.8 per cent; as more developers have access, more applications have been put on the shelf, and the OSS has gradually improved its ecology.
Flying on the core technology of autonomous intellectual property rights, building vertical entrances on a continuous basis with the need for + intergenerational advantage, now covering industry-wide smart products and services, leading to consumers, intelligent education, intelligent cities, intelligent customer services, intelligent cars, intelligent medicine,
The firm's business is on its way to the Year of the Earth. In 2019, the company's business of Toc began to function, with more than a third of the revenue.
In the future, it is expected that corporate consumer business will accelerate the pace of scale-down and further allow C-end customers to take advantage of the combination of business toc operations with the overall harvest applications to nurture and build ai consumer products and services.
Experience the life-facilities and technological advances that artificial intelligence brings to consumers. The company's ai technology will enter the year of application dividend realization. Business is in the year of performance fulfilment.
Businesses like smart cities are in a continuous eruption, giving companies a “recommended” rating for the first time. Risks; technology breakthroughs below expectations; risks of technological renewal.
The company was established in 1999 as a well-known voice and intelligence company in the Asia-Pacific region and placed on the market in 2008 at the deep end. The company is mainly engaged in research on artificial intelligence technology, software and chip products.
Knowledge services, voice information services, and the integration of e-government systems are very few of the many software companies in the country with key core technologies and autonomous intellectual property rights, and are leaders of the smart voice and artificial intelligence industry. Corporate smart voice core technologies (nlp/voice recognition/speak synthesis/speak recognition, etc.) represent the highest level of speech in the world.
The company was ranked first in the domestic voice market, accounting for more than 70% of the country’s share; in the global voice market, 4.5% of the world’s leading companies in the world’s smart voice industry, with the company building the first new generation of national artificial intelligence open innovation platforms, voice and language information processing national workers.
The company's mission is to “make the machine speak, understand and think, build a better world with artificial intelligence” and, over the years, has become the lead sheep in the country in the areas of speech synthesis, speech recognition, speech evaluation.
The core technical skills are recognized by the state and have received several national awards for science and technology. Science and Technology is currently the only country in which speech technology is being used as an industrial basis for industrializing the results of the 863 National Program, and the priority soft companies in the national planning layout, and the National High Technology Industrialization Demonstration Project, which was identified by the former Ministry of Information Industry as a Chinese-language interactive technology.
The standard team leader led the development of Chinese speech technology standards. The “National Industrialized Grounds for Smart and High-Technology Technologies” and the “National Engineering Laboratory for Voice and Language Information Processing” were also established in successive companies, which helped to further pool industrial resources and consolidate corporate industrial excellence.
In June 2017, the MIT Review published a list of the world's top 50 smart companies, and science-based news came to the top for the first time and was ranked sixth and first in China. In November 2017, science-based news flew to the top of the first countries.
In December 2017, the Ministry of Science and Technology set up a national priority laboratory for knowledge intelligence, the first country in the advanced stage of artificial intelligence - cognitive intelligence.
Figure 2: Corporate core technology 2, increasing technological inputs, increasing the pace of production landings
The core technology of intellectual property, the core technology, remains at the forefront of the international community: “Standing the ground” means that companies insist on the hard truth of application, promoting large-scale industrial applications of technology outcomes. Companies maintain the world’s top standards in the key core technology of ai.
In 2018, the company took 12 key core technologies in artificial intelligence, and the core technology remained at the top of the international lead, setting up higher technical barriers and leading edges for the company’s market competition for its products. The company’s global influence in artificial intelligence has further increased.
The strategic collaboration of the world’s leading research institutions, such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Princeton University, has laid the foundation for companies to continue to lead nuclear technology internationally. The company’s products actually solve practical problems, from leading to leading.
At the same time, as the actual application scenes have accumulated data-driven + expert knowledge experience, and the ai algorithms have continued to evolve, the scale of the company’s landing applications is expected to grow. The company’s pattern of “leading the way” on the key track is consistent.
Continued strengthening and strong business growth. Chart 4: Corporate Core Business and Specific Classifications, 3 and Corporate Management Careers
The actual owner of the company is Mr. Liu Qingfeng and his co-operator, Central Co General Asset Management Ltd., which holds 18.62% of the company’s shares. Liu Qingfeng holds 7.56% of the company’s shares directly, 13 natural persons 6.95% of the company’s management history is excellent and cohesive.
Baccalaureate, with the same educational experience, determines unity and cohesion within the executives of companies. Corporate executives are equally excellent in technical research and business management. Excellent curricula vitae and rich experience in the science and technology industry determine that management is a team that can fight hard and win.
Four, multiple stock incentives to help companies increase their cohesion, multiple stock incentives to tie their cores. The intelligent voice and artificial intelligence industry compete against top talent, so the company attaches great importance to the discovery and binding of talent.
Rows, designed to bind the company’s core workforce and share the dividends of development with the company. Over 1,100 cadres of the corporate director’s restricted stock incentive scheme for the year since they were listed, no more than 100,000 cadres have been assigned to leave their jobs, reflecting the stability of the company’s core staff.
The best skilled professionals in the speech- and artificial intelligence industries and the most sophisticated and complex talent, and the growing talent ladders for the orderly growth of companies, provide strong talent security for the rapid development of technology and business. Second, the creation of a “smart voice-to-man” top ecology, where one enters the ground.
In November 2017, at the launch of the New Generation of Artificial Intelligent Development Plan and the Major Science and Technology Project, organized by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the first five national AI innovation platforms were launched: 100 degrees autopilot, Ali City brain, Tung.
A new generation of artificial intelligence development promotion offices, made up of 15 departments, including the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Finance, and the Ministry of Education, should also be created, focusing on projects, bases, and the integration of human resources.
The five open platforms, with the historical mission of developing innovation in the country's new generation of artificial intelligence, are an important feature of the country's artificial intelligence industry and will lead to significant advances in the country's various areas of artificial intelligence segmentation. “Athletic intelligence + manufacturing” is the main focus of the development of an i enterprise. As artificial intelligence becomes more effective in traditional industries, artificial intelligence becomes evident.
So far, the five major national innovation platforms have applied the technology to manufacturing, medical care, transportation, housing, security, cyber security, etc. The policy and innovation board has helped the country’s ai industry to fly.
Policies such as the exhibition plan, the three-year action plan for the development of a new generation of artificial intelligence industries, which sets out national strategies and objectives for the development of artificial intelligence, have identified four priority tasks for artificial intelligence (a) focusing on the development and development of smart networks, smart service robots, smart drones, etc., and promoting the integrated application of smart products in the economy and society.
The third is to deepen the development of smart manufacturing, to foster the spread of intelligence, and to create new models. The fourth is to improve the environment for the development of artificial intelligence, which provides important policy support for industry development.
As of July 22, 2019, 25 companies had entered the project. The 25 companies listed in the group were: Wisdom Wenner, Junchiant, Hua Heung Soo, Rainbow Soft Technology, Light Peak Technology, Fukuoka, Angry Science and Technology, China Micro Corporation, Control Technology, New Light Power, Incendiary Technology, Radio Technology, Music Technology, South Micro Medicine,
11 of the first 25 companies are related to artificial intelligence technology. Of these, two are family industrial intelligence companies, namely, Rainbow Soft Technology and Hayian Voice.
In July 2017, the State Council issued the New Generation Plan for the Development of Artificial Intelligents, which describes the development of artificial intelligence in our country in terms of strategic postures, general requirements, priority tasks, resource allocation, safeguards, and organizational implementation.
The plan states the current strategic dynamic of artificial intelligence: the development of the one has entered a new phase and has become a new focus of international competition, which will be a new engine for economic development and a new opportunity for building our society. We have a good foundation on the one side, but a gap still exists with the developed countries.
The plan sets out a specific strategic objective for the development of the ai: 1) by 2020, the total technology and applications of artificial intelligence will be synchronized with the world ' s advanced levels, the core industries of artificial intelligence will be larger than $150 billion, the industries will be larger than $1 trillion, and the artificial intelligence industry will become a new and important economic growth point in the country; 2) by 2025, the fundamentals of the i
In a major breakthrough, some of the technologies and applications are world leaders, with the core artificial intelligence industry of over 400 billion yuan, driving the industry of over 5 trillion yuan, turning artificial intelligence into the main engine of industrial upgrading and economic transformation in the country; (iii) by 2030, artificial intelligence theory, technology and applications in general were world leaders.
With a core artificial intelligence industry of more than $1 trillion, the country will become the world’s leading centre for artificial intelligence innovation. The plan also focuses on: 1) building an open and coordinated system of artificial intelligence technology and innovation.
The supply of sources of industrial intelligence innovation, with enhanced deployment from the front lines of basic theory, key common technologies, basic platforms, talent sets, etc., to promote open-source sharing and systems to enhance continuous innovation. 2) Create a new generation of critical common technologies for artificial intelligence.
The development and deployment of sex technologies is centred on algorithms, based on data and hardware, focusing on raising awareness of knowledge, knowledge computing, cognitive reasoning, motion execution, human interaction, and the formation of open compatible and stable mature technology systems. 3) Integrated layout of artificial intelligence innovation platforms.
4) accelerate the development of a pool of high-level human intelligence personnel. Make the development of a high-level workforce a top priority for human intelligence development, maintain the integration and integration of the development and introduction of an artificial intelligence education system, strengthen the pool of talent, build the ladder, and, in particular, accelerate the introduction of the world's top talent and young talent, and develop the country's human intelligence skills.
The artificial intelligence industry in the eastern part of the country is strong, and the number of firms is extremely strong. Overall, the artificial intelligence industry is more competitive in the eastern part of the country, with most of the country's artificial intelligence enterprises located in the first-line cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou.
According to the annual report (2018) of the new generation of artificial intelligence development in Beijing, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong, etc., which was co-published by the China Economic Information Society Jiangsu Center in partnership with the new generation of strategic alliances for technological innovation in the artificial intelligence industry.
The number of artificial intelligence enterprises in the region accounts for about 86% of the country's total. Of these, 40% are in Beijing, leading the other provinces. Second, the number of artificial intelligence enterprises in Shanghai is about 20%. The third highest ranking in Guangdong is about 16%. The Zhejiang and Jiangsu also have more artificial intelligence businesses.
According to data from the Strategic Planning Analysis of China ' s Artificial Smart Sector Market Outlook and Investment, published by the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, China ' s Artificial Smart Market will be large in 2017.
At $15.21 billion, with a growth rate of 51.2%, the technology, manufacturing, etc., is divided into five types of business models: marketing equipment, service delivery, back-office realization, software authorization, and project integration. But most of the profits come from project integration, such as cloud-based technology, and people with graphics.
The application of face recognition technology in the field of security, the application of image recognition technology in the field of diagnostics and retailing, etc. The value of artificial intelligence technology is judged by three criteria: 1) there are real practical applications: 2) core products that can be scaled up: 3) the effectiveness of statistical applications. This can be seen in the face of a large number of companies.
The business model determines the ability to realize ai technology, and the solution is the choice of most companies. The solution is the most easily accessible and relatively fast-moving part of most companies, by applying the technology.
For example, in new retail outlets, many well-known image recognition companies have started to develop and develop for retailers.
Solutions, such as smart containers, passenger flow analysis, etc., are based on an in-depth understanding of the industry. At the technological level, generic technology and algorithmic frameworks are more demanding than technology, suitable for medium- and long-term layouts, such as image recognition, commercial and soup technology in companies; and, at the bottom, computing power is also largely a giant.
Domestic investment is concentrated on the head and the market is more focused on technology. According to the data on the oranges, the cost of investment in artificial intelligence rose significantly in 2018, with the investment concentrated on the unicorns, with a 19 per cent decrease in the number of hits on artificial intelligence in the country and a 27 per cent increase in the amount; 107 cases of single financing of more than 100 million yuan were recorded, exceeding the total.
One-third of the investment event. Domestic investment is now moving from hot money to technology-intensive landing capacity, after all. Investors' attention to “application scenes” has increased dramatically. While many start-ups have the technology, they use technology to create what products and services and how to commercialize them.
Now, it's not easy. At present, firms with more applications + appropriate business model barriers are more attractive to investment funds.
3.1 "Platform Empowerment + Race Downfall" creates multi-layered artificial intelligence industry ecology that integrates many years of technology and sets up an artificial intelligence ecological platform. The open platform integrates the TCC, the Chinese University of Science and Technology ' s Tsinghua Voice Laboratory, and the Tsinghua University 's Tsinghua Voice Laboratory, among others, in voice recognition and speech synthesis.
After years of technological excellence, voice core technology has reached international leadership, while introducing the most advanced artificial intelligence technologies, such as face recognition, both domestically and internationally, working with academia and industry to create a new, mobile, voice-centred Internet biosphere.
Figure 20: The case of Open Platform applications, based on autonomously controlled core technologies, continues to advance the Platform Plus track strategy.
The country's first A.I. open platform with smart voice and human machine interfaces continues to provide artificial intelligence development and service capabilities for mobile interoperability, extensive entrepreneurship developers of smart hardware, and big users, building industrial ecology around humans and industrial open platforms. In the context of the track, the signal continues to build vertical entrances or industries on a continuous basis.
In addition to the need for intergenerational advantage, AI research has been applied on a scale in education, politics, and so on. Based on the core technology of autonomous intellectual property rights, it continues to expand and now offers intelligent products and services that cover the entire industry, leading in such areas as consumers, smart education, smart cities, smart customer services, smart cars, smart medicine, intelligent home.
At present, the number of developers of the open platform has risen from 37,000 in 2014 to 920,000 in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 123.3%.
The total number of applications to open platforms has also grown from 54,000 in 2014 to 590,000, with an annual compound growth rate of 81.8 per cent; As more developers have accessed, more and more applications have been put on board, and the open platform has gradually improved its ecology.
An interactive technology service platform, dedicated to creating a one-stop smart machine interactive solution for developers. Users can use the Internet, mobile Internet, any device, any time, place, place, and place to enjoy the full range of artificial intelligence services such as listening, speaking, reading, writing provided by the platform.
They provide a variety of services to developers, such as speech synthesis, speech recognition, semantic understanding, and face recognition.
3.2 The voice-synthetic 14-synthesis reigns on top of the world. BLizzardchallenge 2019 international speech-synthesis competition.
First of all, the competition attracted as many as 25 teams, breaking the historical record of the number of teams in the history of blizzardchallenge. After the 2006 competition, the 14th champions of the most authoritative and influential international event in the synthetic world were taken up as a result of a series of excellent performances.
In one event, the company will focus on exploring the higher stages of speech synthesis applications. There are three evaluation projects for nature, similarities, and error rates. The system submitted by the flight team takes the first of the two key indicators of nature, similarities, and the fourth of the error rate indicators. The competition was the first time that Chinese was used as the director of the competition.
The contest, in the form of stories, encyclopedias, poetry, and the English-language mix, pedophile, is a difficult task, and it's called the “most difficult” mission in history.
On top of this, the system has been successfully built, and the most critical indicator of the synthetic system has naturally reached a record high from 4.0 mos last year, up to 4.5 mos. Usually, five points represent the broadcast level of the news anchor, four points represent the level of university students, and the upgrade of the telecommunications system from 4.0 to 4.5 is a “good” to “good” quality.
On September 7, 2018, the C.S.S. team again took over the champions of all four international multi-channel speech separations and recognition of chime and significantly updated the top of the projects.
The team includes the Russian Centre for Speech Technology Studies, the Toshiba Cambridge Research Laboratory, the Indian Academy of Sciences, the Assam Industrial University of Germany, the Johns Hopkins University-Japan Central Institute, the Central College of Science, the Association, etc.
On March 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, the company squad 2.0 evaluated the fifth time that all of the indicators for em/f1 were above the human average for the first time. On February 6, 2019, at the official International Mathematical Questions and Answers competition, the Question Team defeated more than 100 teams around the world.
All three champions of the algebra, application, geometry sub-programs. 3.3iflyos 2.0 for the aiot era's android smart hardware has become the new entrance to the Internet in the aiot era, and the voice is undoubtedly the largest.
One of the most important controls. The battles among the big giants over the entrances, such as voice, is now growing.
Figure 32: Iflyos smart voice cloud operating system • National artificial intelligence platform • from market research, hardware design to model production
Free access to personalized services through pre-interception devices Big Track Library: high-quality copyright song 1500w+ Simple, easy-to-use skills open platform
Voiceful content: thousands of radio stations in the country and abroad; electronic • provision of sdk, api, chip, pcba, Domek books, reviews, 1,200w + hours of each other
• For 13 years in bizzard, you can choose to awaken words, pronunciators, system portraits, and bring together a variety of product patterns such as wind arrays, complete whole machines, etc.
..intellectual home: 20+intelligent home platform, challenge champion, brand image all over the product.
A partner can use his/her own flexibility to select • voice awakening, voice recognition accuracy of 95 per cent + built-in interface reference to custom brand exclusivity
200+ iflyos original skills • nearly 100 content suppliers enter the 2.0 age. Currently, ifloyos has been fully upgraded: 1) 21 new ones.
Dialectual recognition, English mixed recognition in statement, and inclusion of full-to-work capability to support continuous user dialogue, 2) depth has been compiled into a flying mic array algorithm that integrates aaiui semantic capabilities and provides solutions for cloud core integration. 3) A variety of processing models have been opened, and users can customize skills to connect their own services; use their own user body
: Support user- and equipment-level self-defined awakenings, use their own pronunciation, integrate more branding elements into their own products, and build their own operating systems. iflyos 2.0 improves development efficiency. Iflyos 2.0 has 200+ skills, 100+ content partners, etc.
Car-borne devices, 14 million smart TVs, and 5 million robotic toys. Using an iflyos 2.0 platform, smart voice applications, which would have taken a 6-12 month development cycle, could now be completed in only five days. End-to-end solutions enable smart hardware to land quickly. Development of a smart hardware requires hardware, clouds.
At the end, iflyos 2.0 provides end-to-end integration solutions. At the end hardware, iflyos 2.0 and chip-maker integration programmes also provide pcba public and whole-of-the-board reference designs. At the software level, they target no.
The same development environment, the front-end acoustic capability of the complete ISIS 2.0 and the provision of complete sdk and api, thereby accelerating hardware landing. 3.4 Explore cognitive margins, leading to the launch of a national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence.
Since 2014, a major forward-looking project for cognitive intelligence has been under way. The project supports the company's key project to move forward with the goal of making computers understand and think, building on its success.
Advanced artificial intelligence systems, such as master learning evolution, will be used in the fields of education, customer service, human interaction, medicine, and so on.
On an international basis, cognitive intelligence such as common sense reasoning, knowledge discovery, machine reading understanding, image recognition understanding, etc. Key core technical areas have also produced a series of internationally advanced and remarkable results: common-sense reasoning technology: Winogradschemallenge, first place in 2016;
Knowledge-discovering techniques: neisttacknowledgebaseparation-kbp first place in 2016; machine reading understanding techniques: stanfordquestionansweringdaset2017 first place; image recognition understanding techniques: lungnoduleanalysis first place in 2017;
Image recognition and understanding techniques: International Autopilot Authority Assessment Series number one; Machine translation technology: iwslt2014, nist2015 won number one.
The Ministry of Science and Technology has announced that the Ministry of Science and Technology has initiated the construction of a national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence, which will be set up on the Internet. This is the country's first national priority laboratory in the advanced stage of artificial intelligence - cognitive intelligence.
The need for industrial applications in areas such as smart households is driven by the need to focus on research on the basic theory of cognitive intelligence, such as in-depth learning-combined techniques for cognitive computation, automatic construction of knowledge and reasoning techniques, and to break through cognitive intelligence support technologies such as human interactive techniques, smart evaluation techniques, smart trial-assisted techniques and cognitive medical techniques.
The development of laboratories will help to promote technological innovation in artificial energy head, to bring together and develop talented people, and to move forward to promote the development of industrial clusters and healthy ecosystems based on science-based science-tempo artificial intelligence open platforms.
In terms of the structure of the business, the company Toc started to operate in 2018, with a significant increase in the share. Toc earned 2,517 million business earnings throughout the year, an increase of 96.54 per cent; Māori 1,296 million, an increase of 70.77 per cent; Toc accounted for 31.80 per cent.
Māori accounts for 32.72 per cent of the total, and companies are beginning to show results at the end of c. In the first half of 2019, the company toc achieved a revenue of 1,576 million, an increase of 45.45 per cent in the same year; Māori 849 million, an increase of 41.92 per cent in the same year; Toc, a consolidation of operations, is expected to accelerate the pace of scale down, and the technology will enter the year of application dividend realization.
Figure 37: Corporate Open Platforms and Consumer Business Acquisitions and Māori Rates, 1 Quick-to-Speech Market Satisfaction Champion for Third Party Entry Laws Smart Voice Stimulates the Rapid Development of Entry Laws Markets, where manufacturers continue to explore new business models.
On the one hand, the input method is constantly exploring business models, and the input method will be more than a tool, and it will become a link entry point for more scenes. On the other hand, the integration of artificial intelligence and smart voice will give users a better input experience, without having a better input experience.
There's still a lot of room for growth in voice input. With continuous innovation in voice input, the signal input method has voice transmissions, access to the country's third-party mobile phone input method, which ranks second, and is the highest user satisfaction rating. Figure 39: Number of active users of the third-party mobile phone entry method in 2018 (100 million)
Figure 40: The mobile phone input method, Mautop10 (millions of people), December 2018, has significantly upgraded its performance.
Free speech input, with an increase of 300% in typing efficiency; 3) support for the non-switching of Mandarin, Cantonese voice input, and transliterate dialects, with the largest variety of industries. The message flight input method currently has three bright spots:
1) The SVM 9.0 recognizes Mandarin as much as 98%. In terms of speed and accuracy, the SVS is excellent, especially in terms of word recognition and break-off. When you enter a long text, you only have to modify the details a little later, and it is very practical in daily typing and in making meeting records.
2) Voice-to-Speech-to-Speech-to-Speech-to-Sichuan, Henan-to-Speech-to-Speech, etc. 9.0 support includes the input of 23 dialects. 3) The Chinese-English mixed language is a major challenge for voice recognition technology.
The input method 9.0 is able to identify such a statement precisely, which greatly enhances the usefulness and ease of voice input.
Text-scanning functions easily achieve text recognition. The Ocr-scan function is built in 9.0 and only needs to point the camera to the file, and text is automatically identified into the cell phone, which is indispensable in the day-to-day work. Supports face-to-face translation in multiple languages. A face-to-face translation feature is built in 9.0 to recognize the voice.
The current face-to-face translation supports cross-interpretation between China, China, Japan, China, and Russia, with the possibility of adding more language support in the future.
With the acceleration of economic globalization and the introduction of national policies, such as the "one-way" approach, the demand for communication translation in the vertical sector has become more pronounced. To further the area of specialization, the challenge of translation in the industry has been solved, with 3.0 more teletranslators.
A.i. Translation scenes have been added, covering seven major industries: medical, foreign trade, sports, finance, energy, computers, law, etc., facilitating accurate and professional communication between specific groups.
Nearly 200,000 sales were made: in 2018, the sales of 2.0 servers were 300,000, the largest share of the same product, with 99 per cent rating for the electronics platform. In 2018, the number of translator services reached 500 million +. According to the 100-degree search index, the search for the translator increased significantly in 2019, presageing the output of the translator.
In 2019, the power of the translator was significantly increased. On the basis of 2.0, the translator showed a stronger performance, supporting instantaneous translation into the main languages of nearly 200 countries and territories around the world, and supporting offline translation, Cantonese, Northeast, etc.
The transliteration of dialects such as Henan and Sichuan, while the industry a.i. translates into seven fields of specialization. The ease with which seven areas, including finance, medical care, foreign trade, computers, law, sports, energy, etc., can be translated can greatly increase the attractiveness of users with demand for translation in a particular industry.
Translator translator speeds up again, reaching "0.5 seconds flashes" and raising the level of photo-translation. Offline quotes, new upgrades, a new generation of offline voice recognition engines, offline translation engines, and built-in high-line thong eight nuclear processors. These changes directly expand the offline speech recognition training model fivefold.
Over 95%; translation model capacity increased by 105%, covering a one-fold increase in the size of the vocabulary.
The top configuration of the 2+6 mic array -- two Harman-directed microphones and six matrixed mic arrays. At the same time, the Division uses McKenzie for a variety of scenes such as conferences, interviews, lectures, concerts, etc. through self-researching of artificial intelligence algorithms to achieve a high level of sound collection, bringing the radio to a distance of 15 metres.
In order to ensure data security, the tape recorder has both fingerprints and passwords in place to support voice searches.
So, the cutting-edge artificial intelligence technology, such as voice-to-text technology, a.i. Smart-to-sound algorithms, is one-hour audio-recording, 5 minutes to text, Chinese-English-to-record, multiplatform-synchronous sharing and editing, and, based on the major news, the leading voice-to-text engine in the flying industry has achieved 98 per cent accuracy in transliteration.
In June 2019, at the cesiasia, the cesia 2019 prizes for innovation and the estofcesiaawards2019 prizes were awarded.
4-4. Launch of the Quest Learner, exploring new ways to find intelligent education X1Pro focuses on a synchronized learning scene based on a knowledge map, which is able to accurately push digital micro-studies and lessons, quickly synthesizing and developing a logically clear, super-highly flawed subject.
Helping students to improve their English-language skills in terms of “hearing, speaking, reading, and writing” is a clear advantage in terms of the characteristics of a flying machine compared to the products of a learning machine on the market.
A three-step study. A three-step study, based on knowledge mapping, uses technology to analyse the dynamics of the teaching process. A three-step study, ingenuity: the first step: rapid testing to identify weaknesses, the second step: precision learning for weak items, the third step: consolidation of internalization to form a learning loop.
A.i. Personalized and precise learning function of 1pro, which covers, inter alia, meta-chemistry, the use of meta-psychology, the teaching super-brains, the complete construction of the logical relationship between knowledge points and the sequence of learning into a science-based knowledge map, which is clear enough to help students to quickly master their knowledge points and eliminate the knowledge-blind zones.
The corporate financial indicators are expected to hit the bottom, corporate performance continues to grow, and the combined strength is gradually increasing. In 2014-2018, corporate business activity continued to grow at a compound annual rate of growth in corporate business income, while the share of emerging businesses rose rapidly.
The annual report shows that companies achieved $7,917 million in revenue, an increase of 45.41 per cent over the previous year; 27.08 per cent from open platforms and consumption; $1,696 million in smart city operations, a ratio of 21.43 per cent; and 21.43 per cent in political operations.
There is steady growth, 41.98% over the same period; open platforms, laws, and smart services keep growing faster, with a rapid rise in the share of business and high growth rates. Research and development and market inputs are growing too fast, resulting in firm Māori rates being pressured by the cost of the period.
The rate has remained at around 50 per cent, while net interest rates have tended to decline from year to year, mainly because of the company ' s early deployment of the ai technology cut-off areas and its increased promotion of the ai technology to key tracks such as education, law, health, smart cities, and so on, leading to overinvestment in research and development and the market, resulting in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate, as well as the cost of the period.
With the recruitment of key talent and new jobs required for a firm’s clear development strategy in place, it is expected that the DGs’ Māori, net interest rates, and time-cost rates will gradually improve. High R&D inputs will create high-tech barriers, with higher numbers of technicians.
At the hot tip of the fire, the company’s early deployment took a good place and built high industrial barriers. In key core technologies, the company maintained a high level of R & D investment, with R & D at more than 20%, with revenue indicators starting to pick up in 2018, and per capita income-generating capacity strengthened again.
At the current turning point, there has been a steady recovery in growth in per capita income-generating capacity, which augurs well for a marked improvement in the net cash flow of the company's products in 2019 and a decline in its accounts receivable from year to year. In 2018, the net cash flow of the company's operations was $1,148 million, compared to $363 million in 2017, with a marked increase, supported by the side.
The company's business is getting better. The company's accounts receivable is $3,389 million, with a large amount of accounts receivable, mainly from the company's clients, who come mainly from long-standing, large-scale business clients, such as the government, telecommunications operators, who generally have long-term payment approvals, but whose creditworthiness is high, so that the company's accounts receivable, though large, are large.
In 2014-2018, corporate accounts receivable as a percentage of revenue were gradually reduced, representing a gradual increase in the public sector’s share of revenue at the end of c. Corporate operations were split up: (1) open platforms and consumer operations: the number of developers of open platforms continues to increase, and should be increased.
At present, the number of developers of the open platform has grown significantly from 37,000 in 2014 to 920,000 in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 123.3 per cent; as more developers have access, more applications have been brought on board, and the open platform has improved. We predict that the open platform and consumer operations of the company will remain fast.
(3) Smart City Business: In line with the direction of digital Chinese construction and digital economic development, the company has completed the construction of the city's super-brain platform, “Internet+Government” operations have been much saved and traffic super-brain operations are well under way.
A smart interrogation system based on company-led technological advantages has been piloted in nearly a thousand police stations, opening up new market space for subsequent growth in law enforcement operations. We expect revenue growth in corporate intelligence and law enforcement operations in 2019-2021.
(6) Smart services: The company continues to be a leader in the business of operators, finance, government, etc., and mature products such as full voice portals, ai+capacity platforms are gradually gaining ground. We anticipate corporate intelligence services as domestic smart voice and artificial intelligence champions, and one is in the year of performance.
The risk of increased competition in the market; the risk of less-than-expected innovation; the risk of less-than-expected technological breakthroughs; and the risk of technological upgrading. Xu Peng: Master of Arts, June 2013
In the six months following the report, the securities have increased or dropped against the 300 index. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information due to the receipt of the report by the recipient.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.