A system of 1+n products for smart education was formed on 16 September 2019.
The network now covers more than 15,000 schools in 32 provincial districts of the country. By the end of 2018, thousands of students had produced 300,000 individualized jobs each day.
The average length of learning is reduced by almost one hour, the rate of learning effectiveness is increased by 20 to 25 per cent, and real learning-based learning and reduction of negative efficiency gains are achieved.
The use of clouds, webs, end-of-ends has led to pre-school, in-school, after-school precision, company basics (up-to-date) teaching, which is constantly being strengthened in terms of application maturity.
Thirty-one provinces and 271 municipalities helped teachers to teach classroom scenes more efficiently, with user satisfaction reaching 85.9%.
The construction of “Peace China”, “Rule of Law China”, and “Improved China” has continued in the provinces and cities of the autonomous regions, with more than 3,000 political and legal units and more than 90% coverage by the High Court and the provincial inspectorates.
In the Shanghai region, the application has been promoted as a 24-hour “intelligent assistant” for first-line Shanghai operators, and has been piloted in Yunnan, Fujian, Guizhou, and others: it has also been promoted in Anhui, Shanxi, Xinjiang Production Corps, etc.
Building a city super-brain platform, “Internet+Government” is a long-term solution. Companies respond to the direction of China’s construction and digital economic development, based on core source technology and wisdom.
1. One of the Reports of the Science and Technology Science Series: The Artificial Smart Leader, the 2c Industry, the Episode of Dissension, 2019-09-10 Nuclear, Basic Information Access, City Large Data and Information Models, Industry Super Brain Application
At present, the company is working closely with the National Bureau of Communications, the National School of Administration, the Office of E-Government in the Office of the State Council, the Center for Trade and Information Exchanges, etc., to continue to promote top-level planning and strategic layout.
At present, the Internet + Government Service has been located in nearly 30 municipalities in 10 provinces of the country.
Farming, Quest has become a top-notch multi-microphone array for noise reduction, multilingual recognition, aaiui interactive dialogue, multilingual synthesis, audio-sound processing, etc., which has enabled cars to "listen and speak." 209h1, due to engine and package operations.
In the wake of the outbreak, intelligent car operations generated $173 million, an increase of 43.33 per cent over the same period. Smart cars received 90 per cent of all pre-services and services, followed by about 10 per cent. Smart cars are expected to be active in 2019, leading to company performance.
Given the company's role as the leader of the country's smart voice and artificial intelligence, the ai+ track business is entering the year of performance realization. We look forward to a sustained outbreak of corporate intelligence education, smart laws, smart cities, etc., and maintain the company's “recommended” rating.
Risks; risk of technological breakthroughs below expectations; risk of technological upgrading.
In the context of the information age, Internet access to primary and secondary schools and multimedia classrooms have been consistently increased, the online teaching environment has improved significantly, and progress has been made in the development of educational information.
Education Information Industry Chains: Upstream telecommunication operators, mainly providing network infrastructure development, Internet coverage, broadband access, Internet campus construction, etc.: middle- and middle-size technology service providers, providing services including educational resource service platforms, education management service platforms and supporting terminal software and hardware: middle- and content service providers, mainly providing
Teaching resources for subjects, extracurricular training resources, and diagnostic programmes for learning.
Content service provider • Education Resources Service • Education authority
• Network infrastructure development, academic resources, educational management services
• Auxiliary terminals, hardware and software Internet schools have been built
In the course of the year, our national budget spent more than 4% on sex education for six consecutive years, 4.17% on education in 2017, and about 3.4 trillion yuan on education. At the same time, with the growing importance of information in the field of education, investment in information for education has continued to rise.
According to the “Governments at all levels charge no less than 8% of their funding for education” for education, it is expected that in 2020, more than 350 billion yuan will be spent on information for education.
In April 2018, the Ministry of Education launched the Ten-Year Development Plan for the Informationization of Education, which identified the need to modernize education and usher in a 1.0-year era of informationization of education in the country; and the Plan of Action for the Informationization of Education 2.0 of April 2018, which set out the goal of achieving the goal of achieving a “two-by-one” by 2022.
Learning applications cover all students of appropriate age, digital campuses cover all schools; “two” refers to the general improvement in the level of informatics applications and teacher-student literacy; and one refers to the development of the Internet+Education platform.
There are still problems in the field of information in education, and new technologies are expected to bring about changes in the sector. There are still more problems in the area of information in education.
2. The use of educational information products is more homogenous and fails to bring about significant improvements and advances in the educational process, and the depth and breadth of educational information applications need to be further enhanced. However, emerging technologies such as cloud transfer are gradually emerging in the field of educational information, such as the application of big data technology to support individuality.
The integration of new and emerging information technologies into the teaching of education will offer wider prospects for the development of the information sector in education.
In 2018, the system of “1+n” educational products was formed, with companies operating in the field of education receiving 2,144 million yuan, an increase of 41.98 per cent over the same period. The Ministry of Education's policies to protect students' vision and reduce the burden on students provide a more favourable policy environment for the development of the company's education business.
As a pioneer in reducing efficiency in education, companies based on the core technologies of artificial intelligence, such products as paper and pen classes, individualized learning, and so on, have achieved real success in learning and reducing negative efficiency gains, and have received unanimous recognition from the students and teachers of applied schools. In 2019, the SATE community was formally divided into examination business, individualized learning business, intelligent classroom business, intelligent campus industry.
The new format of the five major sections of the Science and Technology Advanced Examinations has evolved into a system of “1+n” educational products, i.e., unified user services, unified resource services, unified resource services, unified service delivery to n educational applications (intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, etc.) through a unified service capability at the bottom level.
A data service and a unified desktop service.
In addition, the company explores business models for the in-depth operation of teachers and student users and enhances the ability to collect their business.
The company ' s smart education products include: 1) precision teaching products, including: smart classrooms, double-teacher classrooms, large numbers, and the precision teaching system: 2) self-learning products, including: Quasi-learning machines x 1 pro, National Universal Language Learning Platforms, etc.
Personalized learning handbooks, intelligent aerial classes; 3) Smart examination products include: English-language learning platform, smart assessment system, English-language-heard smart simulation test system; 4) efficient management products include: regional educational cloud, educational mass platform, science campus, new high-level comprehensive solution: 5) innovative educational products include artificial intelligence innovation
Education, vr creative teaching, vr classrooms, creative education, building deep moats based on the best technical skills. As a leader in education technology, the Science and Technology Group successfully passed the Cmmi5 evaluation certification and continued to make breakthroughs in the core technical areas of education:
1) February 2018, first in the Semeval 2018 international evaluation competition based on common sense reasoning and chapter reading; 2) June, second in the icprmtwi graphics challenge contest, first in the Chinese grammar error automatic diagnosis competition.
Applying questions such as mathematical filling, proof, and comprehensive answers to questions, the application of high-interest tests has further expanded, effectively raising technical barriers to corporate education. 4) In the icdar2019 handwritten mathematical formula recognition challenge, the champions of all two sub-tasks were won in the crohme contest, which was difficult to identify compared to the traditional text.
More importantly, the boundaries of applications and industries have been further expanded by educational readings and changes. (5) In February 2019, the science major flew to the International Mathematical Questions and Answers Competition, winning all three champions of the total score and algebra, application and geometry sub-projects, and the science major flew to one technological barrier to the ability to understand and analyse the questions.
Step-by-step. The higher technological strength creates a higher technical barrier to the company’s operations. 2.1 The Sword of Brainnet refers to the ultimate goal of education based on merit.
Over 15,000 schools in the districts. Through automatic analysis of student-processed learning data, accurate diagnosis of student learning and personalized learning resources and path planning services are provided to students to move them away from tactile tactics and significantly reduce the time and classroom burden of students repeating exercises. In 2018, the company was commercialized in more than 700 secondary schools across the country.
More than 800,000 students are served, and 300,000 individualized jobs are produced daily.
In the context of individualized learning, companies have introduced personalized learning manuals that are known for their ability to achieve ai-precision teaching. In this concept, through leading artificial intelligence and knowledge mapping techniques across the globe, they recommend quality based on precision analysis and weak positioning knowledge.
Learning resources, a tailor-made set of tailor-made individualized learning programmes that enable students to learn from the original top-level knowledge, gradually move to deeper learning, and promote students to practice counter-tactical exercises, move away from tactile tactics, reduce the burden on the classroom, and meet the true needs of students to the greatest extent possible.
Personalized learning manuals use big data tools to help students identify the opposite. Individualized learning manuals are based on daily school data analysis in schools, do not change paper habits, customize a unique personalized learning programme for each student through high-data precision analysis of their weak knowledge points.
Quality learning resources to achieve the wrongs, timely consolidation of students, thorough learning problems, and the promotion of higher levels of knowledge, improved performance, and help schools to achieve higher levels of schooling and overall efficiency. The personalized learning manual is in the middle of the river.
In-depth use has been made to promote the in-depth integration of artificial intelligence and big data technologies with teaching, and to help students learn personalized.
With the use of personalized learning manuals, school students have significantly improved their performance. For example, in the mathematics examinations of September, October, November, the difference between students using personalized learning manuals and the average mathematical score of the unused students was 7.15, while in the weekly examinations of November, the difference rose to 16.66.
The reform and exploration of personalized education is always under way. The products of artificial intelligence plus education, for example, in personalized learning manuals, are a necessary product of educational development.
Applying advanced intelligent voice and artificial intelligence core technologies to integrated innovations in the field of education, continues to contribute to restoring the nature of education and building intelligent education.
Synchronized learning scenes can be used to accurately push digital microscopic lessons and lessons based on the knowledge of students, quickly synthesized to form a logically clear and supermassive set of questions, and can assist students in learning, speaking, reading and writing from the four dimensions of “hearing, speaking, writing” to improve English-language proficiency, compared to the products of the learning machines on the market, with clear advantages in the characteristics of the flying machines.
Figure 20: Flying machines versus traditional ones Figure 21: Flying machines x 1pro three-step learning method
A three-step study. A three-step study, based on knowledge mapping, uses technology to analyse the dynamics of the teaching process. A three-step study, ingenuity: the first step: rapid testing to identify weaknesses, the second step: precision learning for weak items, the third step: consolidation of internalization to form a learning loop.
A.i. Personalized and precise learning function of 1pro, which covers, inter alia, meta-chemistry, the use of meta-psychology, the teaching super-brains, the complete construction of the logical relationship between knowledge points and the sequence of learning into a science-based knowledge map, which is clear enough to help students to quickly master their knowledge points and eliminate the knowledge-blind zones.
2.2 Smart class achieves a reduction in productivity and precision in teaching. Smart class is an intelligent and efficient classroom based on dynamic learning data analysis and the use of clouds, webs, end-of-ends, based on "Internet+" thinking and a new generation of information technologies, such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
To digitalize teaching decisions, evaluate feedback instantaneous, communicate interactive stereotypic, and resource-based intelligentness, create learning environments conducive to collaborative communication and meaningful construction, and promote intellectual development that is consistent with individualized growth patterns through the teaching and learning of wisdom.
Wisdom class coverage and product maturity are growing. Using dynamic learning data analysis and the use of clouds, webs, end-of-ends, intelligent classroom series of pre-school, middle-school, post-school precision teaching and learning products are becoming more sophisticated in product application.
Classroom scenario teaching (access to resources, interactive teaching, efficiency enhancement), with user satisfaction of 85.9 per cent, was highly recognized by more than 1,000 heads of education and principals at the National Summit on the New Development of Smart Education in November 2017.
With the core of teaching, intelligent classrooms significantly improve the efficiency of classroom teaching. More than 1,000 schools have been added to smart classroom operations, which have resulted in the closing of classroom-wide data collection and personalized classroom preparation.
Teacher-class teaching efficiency; publishing double-teacher classroom applications, teaching and learning interactions across physical spaces, and promoting regional balance of educational resources through technologists. Depending on the company’s core technical advantages, closed loops are built to create new tools and bright spot applications, and products such as light-thinking classes, green classrooms, etc. are developed.
Large-data-contribution intelligent classroom teaching has reduced efficiency gains. Large-data-precision teaching systems are based mainly on human intelligence and big data technology, enabling intelligent mastery, supporting teachers to achieve Chinese- and English-language automatic ratings and intelligence, and reducing the processing workload by more than 85%. At the same time, essay analysis helps teachers focus on class writing.
Weaknesses, guidance on precision, analysis of data extraction, help teachers to anticipate learning dilemmas. By extracting the value of data, we can produce valuation analyses, teachers can predict evaluation sequences and learning difficulties.
The first three questions and writings with the highest rates of error are explained by teachers who, in the course of their presentations, are able to stratified on the good answers or typical errors indicated, and to mobilize outreach resources for an inverse and variable exercise that combines exercises and exercises.
Personalized learning is based on pre-school, in-school, after-school, through knowledge mapping and drawings of a.i.
A process of data analysis, dynamic evaluation, personalized learning resources, conduct and diagnosis, and materialization.
Personalized coaching, personal chemistry, precision management, use of international leading smart voice cores.
Collection and pooling of daily teaching landscapes Heart technology, achievement of smart speech assessment, excavation analysis and visualization
With teaching, reduced efficiency gains, it is evident that supporting science decision-making and managing 2.3 builds on intelligent educational cloud platforms, and that intelligent campuses address the challenges of new high-test reform.
Smart campuses are connected and linked to data by building a campus-level integration platform to teach, test, evaluate, learn, and manage campuses. The company’s smart campus operations include: a new high-test integrated solution, smart lessons, campuses, educational big data platforms, and regional educational clouds.
The new high-testing business follows the strategic approach of Platform+Trail, which is to provide a unified service to the new high-testing through the bottom-level capabilities of the intelligent educational cloud platform. The new high-test solution, which covers "intellectual class" , "steam-flying super-cerebral class" , "studies for high-school career development" , "System potential test" , etc.
A growing number of provinces have been able to move forward with the new examination, which has created many challenges for students and schools. To this end, the new examination package has been launched – through the provinces, through the universities.
The city, county, district, school multi-level structure is underpinned by data-driven educational development and perfect support for models such as “Selection 3, “Selection 3,” “3+1+2” and “Selection 3,” and “3+1+2” models.
At present, the High and Middle Development Steering Platform is in operation. Many regional schools, such as Zhejiang, Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, and Shandong, use the platform for selection guidance, and the school feedback is very effective and students are very satisfied.
In response to the management challenges posed by the new NCS reforms to schools, the company proposes new NCS solutions that include student career planning, high-selections, class-based classes, etc., to support full course classes, which are now available in the public domain.
The application of the size of the thousands of secondary schools in the country will maximize the availability of student volunteer education and school teaching rules, rationalize the allocation of teaching resources, and help teachers to quickly complete their classes, with 100% of students volunteering.
The company’s smart law operations include: the Wisdom Court, the Wisdom Public Prosecutor’s Office, the Wisdom Public Security, the Informatization of the Political Law Commission, the Law of Politics and the Law of the Nation. Its core products are the Smart Voice Trial System, and the Smart Auxiliary Justice System. In 2018, the company’s political law business generated $1,036 million, compared to the previous year.
The growth over the same period was 85.96 per cent, with a further increase in industry in products such as smart court systems and intelligent auxiliary case systems, and figure 34: ratio of Māori to Receivables in Smart Law Businesses (%)1 - Support for the Rule of Law in China, with product coverage of over 90 per cent of high courthouses and provincial inspectorates
The company is committed to building “Safe China”, “Rule of Law China”, and “Clean China” with artificial intelligence, and continues to organize justice at all levels. At present, the company's “ai+ Law” product and solution cover 31 provinces and municipalities of the country, with more than 3,000 government and law units, with more than 90% coverage by the High Court and provincial inspectorates.
The smart trial system meets the needs of the trial and promotes the standardization of trial law enforcement. According to the 13th Five-Year Plan, the actual business needs of the court, combined with the court business scene, the use of artificial intelligence techniques such as smart voice, ocr graphic recognition, the introduction of electronic file systems, smart court systems, intelligent panel systems, intelligent jury systems, etc.
Specialized products that support and service the full process. In this way, the smart trial system enables the recognition of French and French in court proceedings, effectively meets the needs of the various players in the trial proceedings at different stages, while further extending to the trial scene, enabling real-time voice transliteration, voice-assisted transcription, case-by-case real-time review and effective prevention of collusion or instability.
Testimonies have occurred, effectively reducing the retroactive time for ex post facto surveillance, and have in turn contributed to the normativeization of the trial enforcement process, contributing to the rapid resolution of cases. At present, smart interrogation systems based on the company’s leading technical advantages have been piloted in nearly 1,000 police stations, further opening up new market space for subsequent growth in law enforcement operations.
The electronic quality assurance system solves legal problems of retrieval and enhances the efficiency of court proceedings.
The application of the system effectively addresses the difficulties of accessing the law through toolbooks, the length of time that it takes to pass on the material, the lack of synchronization of reading provisions and the lack of uniformity in the interpretation of the law. The use of the law in its application is significantly reduced, further improving the efficiency of the proceedings.
Successfully applied to Suzhou Central Court, changing the traditional court mode. The court-based voice recognition system has developed a three-tier court-based application and has been established in the country's courts at all levels.
This system has been used to support over 27,000 court sessions. On comparative tests, the sound recognition correctness rate has reached more than 90%, there has been a 30% savings in ordinary case court time, 50% savings in evidentiary evidence, court arguments, 20-30% reduction in trial time on average, and a significant increase in the efficiency of judges.
Judges focus on complex and difficult cases. Electronic forensic systems change the way evidence and evidence are presented in traditional trials, making them more intelligent, efficient and regulated.
"System 206" is a criminal case intelligence support system developed by the United Shanghai High Court, a trial-centred litigation reform software that was the first time that my country has formally applied artificial intelligence aids to artificial intelligence technologies such as graphic recognition, smart speech recognition and automatic semantic analysis using the "System 206" system.
Voice-awakening function, the Public Prosecution Service achieved a wide range of evidence, such as witness testimony, exhibits, documentary evidence, on-site examination of transcripts in a case by means of a speech-procedure, and sent it to the screens of the Tribunal by video for trial, defence and accused persons to view and examine the defects of evidence throughout the case, thus ensuring the conclusion of investigations and review of the indictment order.
The standard of evidence in the case in question meets the statutory standards of adjudication and effectively helps to prevent the occurrence of miscarriages of justice. The system has the function of automatically capturing dossiers, presenting defects in evidence, providing reference to sentencing, standard guidance on evidence, single evidence review, evidence chain and full case review judgement.
To become a 24-hour “intelligent assistant” for frontline staff in Shanghai. This will be replicated in Anhui, Shanxi, Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, and will be piloted in Yunnan, Fujian, Guizhou, etc.
The ASI system, which began to be fully applied in Shanghai in March 2018 and has been substantially operational for the first time, has achieved significant results. It now covers 102 cases of intentional homicide, etc., and plans to expand further from the criminal to civil, commercial, administrative. The system is now being developed in Anhui, Shanxi, Xinjiang.
The platform for co-location of large-scale data on political law using the platform+Application model has been successfully piloted in Shenzhen. The pilot results of the AI-Assisted Trials System are the following:
Officially functioning in Shanghai City since March 2018, as of the end of June 2019, 68321 public security cases were recorded.
In the afternoon of 23 January 2018, the President of the Second Intermediate People's Court of Shanghai, Kwok Wei Qing, presided over the case.
The seven-member panel of the presiding judge, sitting in open session to hear a robbery case, was the first time that more than 18926 court cases were referred to “promotion of the reform of the trial-centred litigation system” --
On the basis of the actual operating situation of public security, the police have been able to provide security services with a comprehensive police capability and to carry out their strategy.
In addition, the public security apparatus has been further enhanced by introducing special products such as smart 110 systems, smart interrogation systems, police smart voice service platforms and focusing on areas such as anti-temperature fraud, criminal investigation, auxiliary law enforcement and regularization of law enforcement.
A combination of face recognition, video-structured technology, and large-scale police data, based on the resolution of big video numbers, and real-time analysis of the problem, in which an eye-to-eye system based on face-to-face recognition is capable of achieving real-time video flow, face-to-face-carding.
A real-time comparison of the film with large-scale digital data is available at the second level. A wide range of applications can be used in key areas such as video surveillance, intrusion alerts, access control, etc., to effectively address the operational needs of the target, such as identification, trajectories, etc. Public security needs.
The application covered 28 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions, and provided comprehensive services for public security.
Consistent with the direction of digital China’s construction and digital economic development, and based on core source technology and rich practices in the field of smart cities, companies have targeted new and intelligent city-wide solutions that combine “city superb” as an inner core, basic information access, urban big data and information models, and industry hyperbrain applications.
In close cooperation with the National Bureau of Letters and Visits, the National School of Administration, the Office of E-Government in the Office of the State Council, the Department of Industry and Communications Talent Exchange Centre, etc., the company has continued to promote top-level planning and strategic layout.
Figure 46: Smart city construction model Figure 47: Smart city construction at all levels, based on pro-people, good governance, and booming applications:
Science in government decision-making, fine social governance, and efficient public service: the intellectual applications around government management, urban governance, and the creation of a variety of services for the people are based on a.i-enhanced urban super-intellectual layers:
Artificial intelligence universal capabilities, urban mind-building intelligent models. Wisdom built around the needs of ai ability to enable applications across industries. Shared integration data layers driven by application objectives:
Urban data, urban information models. Combining information on people, events, and things, creating real-time, dynamic urban signs, giving spatial and temporal attributes to information, achieving data security, credible exchange, openness.
Sharing, in-depth excavation of data integration applications, a confluence layer based on integrated urban data: supporting the digitization of urban components, people, events and information resources.
According to + economic data + social opinion + + + city digitizing + city super-braining platforms with a number of operations in the landing period. The company is investing in building a new smart city, the ai-man.
The Power Platform, which establishes life-cycle closures around the perception, analysis, movement control, disposal and feedback of urban events, is aimed at the industry, and the digital city and smart government, wise mail, smart parks, etc. are in an accelerated phase of landing.
The city's mind is made up of “industry superbs” in the sub-sectors, which combine the various fields of “industry superbs” into mutual perceptions and inter-operability, so that the intellectual systems of all walks of life are closely connected and create synergistic values.
The core value of "urban mind" is that it allows urban planning and development to have accurate data references, based on the ability of data to address current and emerging "urban diseases" and to prejudge future trends. The "transport brain" smart voice control platform raises traffic management.
There are traffic hazards that occur, but it is difficult to deal with traffic problems quickly and in a timely manner simply by the traffic police. Smart voice control platforms can conduct road tests, police handling, and can record work programs that are closely related to traffic alerts.
When the "superbrain" detects congestion on a certain section of the road, it immediately develops a road optimization programme, including police deployment, detour orientation, signal-showing adjustments, etc., and conducts its own simulations of the cases, from which it selects the best options.
Artificial intelligence technologies such as decomposition, smart voice dispatching platforms provide a more friendly and convenient means of human interaction, facilitate traffic police gathering traffic data, deal with traffic accidents, etc., facilitate traffic police operations, improve command and control and operational efficiency, and effectively improve road traffic management.
Figure 51: In the field of security, the main operations of the main battalion, as the full-time company of the Quest, and the Quiz-Juji-Juan, include information engineering (Major Data City Agency cloud platform) and audio-video surveillance (inline hard disk video)
Digital surveillance equipment, etc., is highly compatible with the core business of traditional security companies such as Haikang and Da-hwa. In 2018, Ji-won won 11 major projects with a contract value of about RMB 550 million.
The inter-system, the deep-farming smart car, 17-cars, and the i core technology industry. Science majors have been laid out in the auto industry since 2003, and, through nearly 17 years of deep farming, they have been the first-class multi-microphones in the industry.
In 2018, the company achieved $267 million in smart motors, an increase of 7.23 per cent; in 2019h1, the smart car business generated $173 million, an increase in smart car operations as a result of the outbreak of engine and package operations.
43.33% of smart cars received 90% of the pre-services and services, and about 10% of the back-loads. The public smart cars are expected to work in 2019, bringing new growth points for company performance.
Auto-Voice Assistant, Smart Vehicle System, Integrated Motors, etc. are smart products that provide customers with a full-store system of car-intelligence interactives and car service products that meet market differentiation needs, are widely recognized in the market, and maintain China's smart voice interactive first brand.
Main brands and joint-venture branded car factories, and attempts to integrate company standard product specifications into different brands, models, and systems of different suppliers.
Domestic and international car brands, domestic car smart voice taps, smart assistant products, mass production. Corporate smart helpers to car manufacturers, continuous platform extension and large volume production. In 2018, the company retained intelligence in the autonomous branded car market.
In the first half of 2019, the smart voice assistant platform delivered more than 2.8 million units, and the number of vehicles preloaded over 18 million vehicles, adding more than 90 new vehicles to the project.
The market, with the company’s new smart voice assistant platform project, such as Nissan and Mitsubishi, which works in conjunction with the Toyota Landing Project, enables the public and the Japanese to produce large volumes of output, and to establish a joint smart car big data development centre with the Mob Engineering Research Institute. The CMS will continue to maintain China’s smart voice interactive first brand.
Building intelligent and thought-provoking driving systems that can hear and understand. Fish 2.0 is a future-oriented, interactive car intelligence system, with the smartest voice in the air. On the user side, it provides the owner with more intelligent car systems, access to a range of information and entertainment services. On the basis of fish 1.0, it joins context understanding, multiple rotations.
Dialogue, active interaction, voice-trace recognition, voice-source positioning, narrow beams, etc. core technology is integrated, from hearing to vision, to upgrade the owner's intelligent driving experience. Through deep integration of voice engines, ecological engines, cloud-end services, and the provision of advanced smartphone interactive methods, flying fishos can provide users with face recognition, a virtual assistant, sound source.
Positioning, part-time non-awakening + context understanding, custom awakening, xtts, etc. Figure 56: Flying fish o smart open architecture 2-tier + multi-ecosystem construction of flying fish os soft and hard separation capability.
Splits flying fishes into two levels: lite and plus. The plate is deeper than the plate at the system level, allowing for a deeper customization of the system's framework layer and part of the hal (hardware abstract layer) .kernel layer module. At the same time, it is also designed and optimized in the bottom system, bringing diversity to the intelligent car industry.
This is a two-tier, multi-ecological model that allows flying fish to build their own capacity for "soft and hard separation."
Departure means that clients can buy their software services instead of using the hardware of the software. This flexible service model also allows, to some extent, more survival and development space in a market where hardware products are more mature.
In 2018, in the International Autopilot Authority, ScienceScope updated the world record of all two sub-tasks with a clear advantage. The CityScapes evaluation was driven by a Mercedes, providing the number of partitions of images for performance and performance tests in the driving field.
The test data sets in other autopilot fields are more difficult to perform, closer to the current hot demand for autopilots, and the heat has been rising in recent years. To date, the evaluation has attracted nearly 100 high-quality innovation firms and leading academic machines, including Google, Yin Wei Da, Sam Xing, Tseng and the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
There are two tasks in the cityscapes assessment set: Pixel-level partition of image scenes and example-level images. For the features of the citycapes data set, "Small changes in size, multiple barriers to each other, target difficulties to identify," the evasive team accumulated several years of research based on image detection and partitioning underlying algorithms.
Innovative technologies that eventually win with obvious advantages. Fifth, smart medicine: focus on the pain of the medical profession, help with the pain of the brain, ai+the pain of the medical profession.
The products have already been produced at the Beijing Association and Hospital, the General Hospital of the Liberation Army, the Guangzhou Military District General Hospital, and the University of Jilin Behdundi.
More than 50 hospitals, including one hospital, Anhui Provincial Hospital, and at the grass-roots level in Fatty, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Shenzhen, etc.
Artificial Smart Auxiliary Clinical Platforms, including guidance robots, out-patient/inpatient voice electronics, provide an online artificial intelligence service for the whole community
The A.I. Robots developed by Quest, national medical records, medical and intelligence assistants, mobile health-care platforms, etc.
• “Applications and demonstration cases for the 4th Prefectural District of Anhui Department's Pedagogical Assistant” was awarded the “2019 China case of good medical innovation practices” and the “Analysis Capacity Enhancement Tool Award.” To date, the Pedagogical Assistant has been located in more than 1,000 primary health-care institutions and has achieved the provision of general practitioner-assisted care for nearly 1,000 common diseases, with a cumulative total of nearly 5 million services;
The AADP platform has completed access to 905 hospital facilities in a cloud of images, analysing 400,000 cases of chest ct. The company has won several champions in image recognition competitions.
1) In August 2017, the first time that she took part in the luna test of the world ' s most authoritative lung festival, she developed a range of medical images based on a very strong advantage, breaking the world record with an average accuracy of 94.1 per cent, combining large-scale medical images with data and expert knowledge.
2) July 2019, during the Chaos evaluation mission set up by the top international medical video conference, which updated the world record of the most concerned cth liver splitting sub-task, algorithms could achieve a fine separation of the abdominal organs and further strengthen technical barriers to the company ' s medical operations. 3) Idrid organized by the international medical video project conference Isbi
This is another breakthrough in the field of medical imagery, following Luna’s authority’s assessment of the new world record, further highlighting the power of science in the field of medical artificial intelligence.
In the medical sector, the consulting assistant is using a.i. to reduce the number of cases of medical errors, to provide cover for primary health care, and to carry out the dream of artificially-intelligent medical care. The "medical assistant" can improve the diagnosis and help patients in complex and urgent cases at the shortest possible time.
The country is currently at a critical stage in the country's efforts to promote a graded approach, with a generally low level of competence among primary doctors, who are in great need of complementary diagnostic techniques to support their work in order to improve their capacity for consultation and treatment.
In 2017, the University of Qinghua and the University of Qinghua jointly developed a system of “adjunct medical assistance” and passed a comprehensive written examination of the National Professional Examination with 456 points of excellence. From October 2018 to date, the “adjunct medical assistance” has provided 1.8 million a.i. and has been able to complete 95% of assisted diagnosis of basic diseases, with a valid medical history written by doctors.
The pilot application of the system of mental health assistants has changed the traditional manual model of clinical services, resulting in an innovative, fast and efficient manual co-processing model, an upgrading of the level of services, an improvement in patients’ sense of medical experience, and a better relationship with patients.
Since 2001, companies have provided telecommunications platforms to telecommunications operators, banks, tourism companies, etc.
In 2018, the company achieved $242 million in smart services, an increase of 56.12 per cent compared to the 56.12 per cent. In smart services, both for call centre self-service and industry information systems.
Class solutions: 1) provide smart self-help service solutions, apply smart voice and artificial intelligence technologies, enhance the user experience of self-help services: 2) provide smart operation support solutions, apply voice analysis and business intelligence, upgrade business management and increase business returns.
Companies remain at the forefront of operators, finance, government, etc. The company’s smart services products have been scaled up and distributed across the three main sectors of industry, such as industry, agriculture, China, construction, trade, recruitment, and China-United Kingdom banks, and insurance agencies such as China’s Peace, China Life, China’s People’s Security, and Taikang, as well as the national electricity grid.
In the area of operators, companies work closely with mobile online companies in China to create a unified brain for moving smart passenger clothing, to build smart voice navigation in 15 provinces and voice analysis model outputs in 30 provinces, providing more than 600 million smart services a year; and in the area of finance, with agricultural banks and Poo-Dang.
Strategic cooperation and joint innovation laboratories have been set up by leading financial institutions, such as the Bank of Transport, the Bank of China, the Bank of China and the Bank of Human Welfare, to build ai+financial ecology, providing financial clients with more than 400 million smart services; 3) in the political sphere, for the first time, a breakthrough has been achieved in the integration of human intelligence, providing citizens with comprehensive, multi-channel and integrated government services that are more consistent
The smart government hotline system of 12345 services for hotlines and citizens ' needs, with government hotline poles such as fattening, lagoons, etc., with approximately 20 per cent of the staff being diverted. Corporate performance has continued to grow, and the combined strength has gradually increased.
Traditional business continues to grow, and the share of emerging business is rising rapidly. Corporate business focuses mainly on open platforms and on consumer business, education, smart cities, politics, automobiles, smart services, etc. The annual 2018 report shows that companies achieved $7,917 million in revenue, an increase of 45.41 per cent, from open platforms and consumption.
This compares to 27.08 per cent; 1,696 million yuan and 21.43 per cent for smart urban operations; 41.98 per cent for stable growth; and 41.98 per cent for open platforms, laws and smart services, with a rapid increase in the share of operations and high growth.
R & D and market inputs have grown too fast, resulting in corporate M & A rates and time-consumptions. The company ' s M & A rates have remained at around 50% in recent years, while net interest rates have been declining year by year, mainly because of the company ' s early deployment of the ai technology industry and the increased presence of the i technology in key fields such as education, politics, medicine, smart cities.
Extension, resulting in too much R & D and market investment, puts pressure on the company’s M & A rates and interest rates, as well as on the cost of the period. As key talent and new jobs needed for a company’s clear development strategy are largely in place, the growth of the public sector in R & D, management costs, etc. will be effectively controlled, and business development is expected to flourish.
High R & D inputs create high-tech barriers, with relatively high numbers of technicians. The industry in which the company is located is one of the most hot spots in recent years, and the company’s early deployment has taken its rightful place and has built up high industry barriers.
On the core technology side, high levels of R & D investment have been maintained, R & D has remained at more than 20%, and in 2018 the earnings indicators began to pick up, and per capita income-generating capacity has been strengthened again. The company’s performance indicators for 2018 have turned around, starting to pick up steadily, and per capita income-generating capacity has been rising year by year, predicting that in 2019 the company is in the process of becoming a product.
The net cash flow from operating activities has improved significantly, and accounts receivable has declined over the years. The net cash flow from operating companies in 2018 was $1,148 million, compared to $363 million in 2017, a marked upturning from side to side to support the business of the public. The accounts receivable from companies amounted to $3,389 million, with larger receivables, mainly from corporate clients.
Large-scale, long-standing business clients, mainly from government, telecommunications operators, who are characterized by long-term payment flow approvals, but whose creditworthiness is high, and the company ' s accounts receivable, although large, are more secure. Corporate accounts receivable as a percentage of revenue are gradually decreasing in 2014-2018, reflecting the company ' s profile.
The gradual increase in the share of revenue at the end of c also reflects an improvement in the financial position of the company.viii. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis.
At present, the number of developers of the open platform has grown significantly from 37,000 in 2014 to 920,000 in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 123.3 per cent; as more developers have access, more applications have been brought on board, and the open platform has improved. We predict that the open platform and consumer operations of the company will remain fast.
(3) Smart City Business: In line with the direction of digital Chinese construction and digital economic development, the company has completed the construction of the city's super-brain platform, the Internet+Government business has been more cost-effective, and the traffic super-brain business is well under way. We expect the company's (4) smart-law business: the company's political and legal business grew by 85.96% in 2018, along with a smart trial.
A smart interrogation system based on company-led technological advantages has been piloted in nearly a thousand police stations, opening up new market space for the subsequent growth of law enforcement operations. We expect revenue growth in corporate intelligence and law enforcement operations to be 60.0% in 2019-2021.
(5) Smart car business: The company smart car business has now accumulated over 18 million preloaded vehicles, adding more than 90 new vehicle-type projects. We expect an increase in revenue from the company smart car business in 2019-2021 (6) Smart services business: the company continues to be a leader in the business, finance, government, etc., all of them.
We expect that corporate intelligence services, as domestic intelligent voice and artificial intelligence champions, are already in the year of performance. We see the risks of increased competition in the market; less than expected risks of innovation; and less than expected risks of technology breakthroughs.
Xu Peng: Master of Technology, June 2013 joined the Alliance’s Chinese securities. In the six-month period following the report, it was measured by the increase or decline of the securities relative to the 300-indicator.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.