Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Chairman of the Board, Director of the Stock Company, former member of the Provincial Council of Guizhou, Director of the Department of Transport of Guizhou, Goidong. First, management has a long-term, old-fashioned relationship, and the “post-billion” era has continued its upward cycle.
Gao Weidong (1972) took over as chairman and director of the stock company Li Baofan (1958), marking the beginning of the new company’s leadership. Liu Gang, the company’s deputy general manager and financial director (1970), served as board secretary: Wang Xiaowei (1971).
The company’s deputy general manager and director of the sales company, Dachau Bing (1975), is the company’s deputy general manager. After almost 70 years, the new company’s top executives have a long-term perspective, which is good for the future and steady development of Maotai in Guizhou.
The total equity/flow (millions) and the proximity of the 1455 plan are also judged to be normal and timely for this time.
During the past dramatic changes in personnel and the reform of channels in Maotai, Guizhou, operations and markets have demonstrated a very robust and resilient 12-month-old/minimum level, which will also allow for a smooth and smooth transition.
According to the marketing plan for 2020 and the income growth guidelines previously disclosed by the company, this year we've gone beyond expectations and need not worry about quarterly fluctuations.
There is a high probability of a 100-million-dollar and 13-year-old harvest. Since the beginning of the 2021 season, the volume of the puppies has been phased out, and the amount of the puppies sold is expected to be in the process; at the same time, the current puppies of the puppies (60519).
Channel prices vary considerably, and there is room for imagination. As the new management takes over, with the transfer of power, it helps the government finance development.
The economic, brand and social benefits of the era will continue.
According to the feedback received from the source, the traditional distribution channels raised the rate of payment earlier in the first half of the year. Last September, when the call was announced, some of the major players had already made their payments in the first half of the year; this year ' s plan for the first quarter had increased: the actual call for the April/April plan had been made more than last year.
At the same time, the delivery and release schedule of Ka's shop were over-expected: on March 3st, the first 10,000 bottles of flat-priced fly to 10 designated shops in Shanghai, Carrefour, eligible members can get an appointment from Suney to the platform and take it online.
Shanghai Carrefour is one of the 19 regional ka vendors identified by Mao Dai, with an annual planned value of 40 tons. According to the source feedback, Carrefour actually signed late, but arrived 20 tons before the spring festival.
The first drop was close to 5 tons, which leads to the assumption that the arrival of the other direct supplies before the festival is also significant, and that the results will be increased by the resumption of the drop-off.
As the market supply increases, companies deepen their cooperation with regional ka sellers as an important part of the marketing reform process, helping to flatten channels and improve market regulation. As the reforms deepen, the consumer population is expected to grow in the future.
There has also been a marked expansion, a steady increase in the opening rate, and a better price system for the channel. Multiple channels have also helped to better absorb market increases during the marketing phase, ensuring smoother distribution and contributing to better performance and smoother growth.
III. The impact of the epidemic is manageable, and targets will be met throughout the year, benefiting from major infrastructure and economic recovery, combined with the actual operation of the company and the diagnosis of the epidemic, and we believe that the impact of the short-term epidemic on the company’s start-up, transport distribution and marketing ends can be controlled. With the onset of the epidemic and the market,
By taking stock of the performance of the market during the year 03 sars, attention must be paid to consumer goods, such as white wine and food beverages, following the emergence of the epidemic.
In view of the potential for and trends in the spread of the epidemic abroad, we judge that the internal demand drivers of white wine, spices, dairy products, etc., will be more visible in the performance of the dominant plates.
If economic activity resumes, the white plate will benefit, suggesting a positive layout. The short-term impact of the epidemic is manageable, the year-round task is likely to be achieved, and the point at which the epidemic has taken place is already in place.
The relative value of the revenue allocation, which recommends that the layout be repaired; the logic of medium- and long-term visions, the deepening of marketing institutional reforms and the presence of young management, will strengthen the logic of sustained growth in the medium and long term. By and large, 2020 will continue to be the "basis year" for marketing reform.
The start-up of the plan and the accompanying actions of the marketing system reform, which we've judged to be a better time window and market base to sustain faster growth, followed in 2022 and later by the growth of the consumer population and the real use of the bottle, the company has moved into another round of prices.
High-speed growth stage. Guo Dai: After the start of the 100 billion-year era, focus on the rehabilitation of post-epidemiological centres, maintaining the 2019-2021 income growth rate, based on the actual performance of the company and its outlook for the future.
The forecast of profits and the pss may not be as good as expected, if not as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report