Subduer than expected in 2019, with the possibility of price increases remaining at the beginning of 2020.
Right, same-year, 15% increase, net profit, 40.5 billion dollars, 15% increase. Low revenue and net profit, about 3450,000 tons of alcohol sales.
Of this total, 4q19 increased by 12.4 per cent, with a net gain of 40.5 billion, or about 15 per cent, of which 4q19 fell by 4.1 per cent, with a simultaneous increase of 12.7 per cent in operating income of 4q19, and according to the microbarrel news, the khat series earned $10.2 billion in 2019, resulting in no significant increase in the 4q19 series and a 13 to 14 per cent increase in the khat.
On the one hand, with a high income base of 4q18 and a 36 per cent increase in non-target products, the growth rate has been slow. (1) According to the company’s historical revenue planning and actual completion, the Maoist plan and the actual completion of the production of the puppies in 2020 are expected to slow down significantly, and the next four quarters are expected to accelerate on a quarterly basis.
(3) According to the micro-drink news, the Mao Dai marketing meeting, on the one hand, referred to the association of the group marketing company with the power, the power and the power of the company, to increase direct sales and flattening, on the other hand, to significantly increase self-employment and, in principle, to multiply the growth, and we judge that the company will have a better balance between the group and the stock company in 2020.
In the coming year, there will still be a possibility to raise the price of the plant. The profit from the current channel is far higher than the historical average, and two years have passed since the price increase was raised.
In 2020, the bottleneck in the production of Maotai wine will be significantly reduced, and the marketing company has offered 80% of the wine to be sold at the front, which is expected to be a disincentive to prices. We have ruled that the price of Mautai wine will remain stable or will drop slightly in 2020, and that the price of the factory will be raised in public opinion.
As China’s first brand of white wine, Mao Dai has benefited from a change in consumption habits and has grown with high certainty, and we don’t think that we need to worry too much about short-term fluctuations, making time friends. Keep the buy-in rating.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing
The soup is bright, Tang Tin-joo