The profits of Maotai in Guizhou are not growing as fast as they are expected, and the year 2020 will be marked by the steady trend of the incident at Maotai in Guizhou (600519), which was announced this morning that in 2019, the company produced about 49.9 million taverns.
Tons, a series of alcohols, approximately 251,000 tons; total operating income of about $88.5 billion in 2019, combined with part of the year-end recovery (18 q4 sales cost of 1.23 per cent) of non-suppliers such as refined products and year wines, resulted in a higher performance base of 18 q4: 2) 19 q4 companies have intensified their vendor restructuring efforts
(c) Considering the discrepancy between last year’s performance forecast and actual announcement data,
Next year, the company will focus on “stable” with a revenue target of 10%, which meets expectations. The company indicates that next year's revenue target of 10% indicates that the company will not raise the price of the plant next year, mainly because of: 1) Next year, Zhang Xing Xing
A substantial increase in the direct + self-employment ratio has ensured company performance, and profits are expected to increase at a higher rate than revenue growth; (2) The company says that it will build in 2020 and “be safe and secure.” Next year, the company will further strengthen its foundations for long-term healthy development.
Quotas for distributors are expected to be less than 17,000 tons in the coming year, direct channels are being streamlined, pre-discharges and so on, and the prices are expected to be more stable during the spring season.
The net profits of shareholders belonging to the parent company were 411.98, 470.60, 54541 million, ps, respectively.
In Shanghai and China, the 1,000th-year-old road has been gradually raised, its governance has improved, its long-term logic has been maintained, and companies have been given an “enhanced rating” by Fuhua, Shenzhen Fukuda District, the 6th tax-free trader.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.