While there is a great deal of uncertainty and a qualitative premium, mainly due to the company's start-up in March, and the need for money back from a small number of distributors, the overall view is that under-priced distributors are less willing to deliver, add to the impact of the epidemic, and the end-use scene is contained.
The market is “price-free.” The scarcity and branding of the wine are laying a solid foundation for the price of 2,000 dollars or more, and the price of the factory and the price of a pool of thousands of dollars is increasing, and the company’s security cushions are increasing.
The Division has a strong bargaining power over distributors, and downstream companies are less affected by the impact of the epidemic, increasing their ability to re-engineer in an orderly and demand-driven manner, with a year-round high level of performance certainty. The company plans to increase by 10% over 20 years, with the goal of rationalizing in line with the “building year” in order to achieve a steady thrust.
Management is proactive, and the CDRP is scientifically sound and put in place, as the country's only ultra-high-end white wine representative, with limited impact on performance from a demand-resilient epidemic, strong long-term corporate strengths, and expected high performance performance throughout the year. At the same time, the company after the festival has repeatedly stressed that 20 years of “plans remain unchanged,”
The commitment and bottom line of the company is further illustrated by the fact that “a quarterly sales shortfall is fully met in the first half of the year, with the goal of half-time (over half time) and half-time (over mission) being maintained in the first half of the year”.
Global risk avoidance is warming, and the hub for core asset champions is expected to rise further. In addition to China and China, major global trading areas, such as the United States, Europe, Japan, and Korea, are experiencing a sharp rise in the risk of an epidemic, the risk of global economic stagnation is increasing, the risk of overseas stock markets is rising, and the risk of capital avoidance is rising.
Low-ranked, high-end white wine is more risk-resistant, and Mao Dai, as a core consumer-stock asset, is a relatively high-risk asset, deserves a premium on valuation, and the centre of valuation is expected to rise further.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we believe that product scarcity and strong brand power give companies ownership
Industry pricing rights, long-term high demand for the future, availability at high channel price differentials 1, " Kotau, Guizhou (600519): base base: steady growth, waiting for marketing system changes
2019-07-18 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board