Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
On 2 January, the company announced production and operation data for 2019, about 49.9 million tons of puppies and 25.1 million tons of alcohol; total operating income of 88.5 billion yuan, or about 15 per cent; net profit of 40.5 billion yuan, or about 15 per cent; and gross operating income growth in 2020
In comparison, next year's sales will be long-term, with more frequent unplanned drops. In 2018, 28,000 tons were actually delivered.
The marketing plan for 2020 was more than anticipated, dispelling market concerns about the insufficient annual growth momentum of the 13th Five-Year Retrenchment, starting in 2021 with the gradual release of the puppies, the puppies, the puppies in Guizhou.
It is expected that sales will enter the release phase, with the next billion-year-old lows and rising cycles continuing. Power transfer, which will help finance the development of government.
The company's management is taking a position at the distributors' conference, considering the need to reform the marketing system further next year, in the light of the 2020 sales plan and the revenue guidelines, whether the prices will be raised next year or not.
You're looking for a new self-employed power provider after the Spring Festival.
Arranger, power dealer, group purchasing scheme; substantial increase in self-employment in the future, in principle, multiplying. We judge that: 1 , with the adjustment of channels and the increase in the direct-camp ratio and the increase in the non-touched-up ratio, the combined sale price of the puppies will increase significantly. 2, the puppies sales are over-expected.
In a context of high future volume price certainty, it is necessary to increase the price of the plant directly next year. 3, short-term improvements through channels and product structure upgrades, 3 and short-term imbalances in supply and demand, distortions in the consumption structure, and a decline in the price of cheap liquor.
The wholesale and terminal prices of the Mautai have remained high for almost two years, essentially because of the distortion of the market and consumer structure caused by the adjustment of the distribution and distribution patterns. A large number of distributors, Guo Dai: the sales plan is too predictable to worry about quarterly fluctuations.
Incompetence has led to a shrinking of traditional distributors and other shopping channels, a substantial reduction in the channels available to real consumers, and an increase in the difficulty of purchasing. Moreover, most ordinary people are not consumers of gin.
Unreal demand, arbitrage, hoarding, etc. The imbalance in supply and demand, and the distortion of consumption structures have led to a long-term high price of mahogany. According to a message from a marketing conference, 7,500 tons of parching wine will be released by spring 2020, of which at least 6,000 tons will be channelled to society.
This has stabilized the expectations of traditional distributors, but the overall level has been reduced considerably. We judge that, during the reform transition period, the season met the needs of traditional channels, less-seasoned channel reforms, and that prices could return to a reasonable level with flattening real landings and real distribution of pots.
IV. Four seasons alone, with constant quarterly fluctuations, where, according to operating data, the net profit of the mother is only around $40.5 billion a year, the net profit is reduced if the prices of the single quarter remain unchanged and the direct-camp ratio increases the combined price.
And the net interest rate has dropped markedly and is not normal. Speculating: (1) that there was a higher drop in the best items during the same period last year. The pre-value base of the average tonnage has been raised; and (2) that the higher costs identified in the fourth quarter of this year may have been reduced in terms of profit levels for the four quarters of the adjustment sheet and for the entire year, including through cost pre-costing.
There is no need to worry too much about quarterly fluctuations when prices are not in question. As long as production and operations are in good condition, profits will eventually be released.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.