On the evening of 4 March 1919, the company issued a decision of the Second Board of Directors at its fourth session in 2020 to nominate Comrade Gao Weidong as a company, based on the relevant documents of the People's Government of Guizhou, after consideration of the decision of the meeting
In addition, according to media reports, Li Baofan is no longer the chairman of the group and is to be replaced by Gao Weidong.
General Manager, Director, Vice-President, Director of the Maotai Liquor Co. Ltd., Guizhou, acting as Managing Director of the Maotai Liquor Unit; official head of the Mao Tai Group in May 2018. According to the information, Li Bao Fung was 62 years old and reached retirement age in 2020, and this change of command is normal.
During Li's tenure, the company experienced a series of major events, such as product restructuring, channel restructuring, marketing, distribution optimization, market regulation, culture building, etc.
According to public sources, Gao Weidong was the head of the provincial transport department in Guizhou, the secretary of the provincial transport office, and the secretary of the party of the provincial transport office.
Zhang Xingxing, but we do not believe that changes in personnel will have an impact on the future development of the company.
This has been achieved, and the arrival of a new leader has also led to expectations of price increases, given that the profits of the company’s channels are still high. Overall, the epidemic and personnel changes have not changed the trend in the company’s development, and companies will continue to move into the “post-billion” era with strong brand power and channel control.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing City.
The road ratio is rising, governance is improving, long-term logic is changing, and companies are being given an “enhanced rating.”
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.