The level of profitability has continued to improve, and it is hoped that the equipment will be upgraded for the benefit of China General No. 688009 (for the first time)
Performance is high, there are adequate hand orders, and the overseas market is well on track. In 2023, macroeconomic recovery was weak, with railways accounting for $25.12 billion, an increase of 5.01 per cent, and urban track 13.18 billion, an advantage of the “Three Ones” of R & D, equipment manufacturing and engineering services, and continued to strengthen territorialization.
Operation, successful completion of the signing of the Banqula-Nkaya rehabilitation project in Malawi at the third “One-way” summit for international cooperation, succession of orders from Malaysia, France, etc., solid annual growth in corporate revenue structures optimized, with a high Māori rate of design integration (39.68 per cent) and equipment manufacturing
(35.63%) Block share rises, leading to an increase in the combined Māori ratio of 2.10 pct to 25.76%. Corporate costs continue to increase R & D inputs, and it is hoped that the equipment will be upgraded and intelligently upgraded. Companies focus on technological innovation, with companies accounting for about 40% of the market share of urban orbital traffic control systems in the country; high iron power grids are weak.
In the following areas, companies inherited 11 projects, including the male, the female, the female, the male, the female, the female, the female, the female and the female, and the female. The market was over 60 per cent, further expanding the market ' s leading edge. In the area of integration of urban orbital traffic signal systems, the company Kasco, the male and the female owner of the city border, was in the forefront of the control system industry. In 2023, the Chinese Express opened its bid.
Of the 33 urban-track signal control system projects, 12 have won, with a market share of about 37%, and continue to be at the top of the list. During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, we expect about 23.7 million kilometres of additional railway operations, with a total investment in the railway market expected to reach 3.5 trillion yuan; and 3,000 kilometres of additional urban-orbit transport operations are expected to be in line with that expected.
The period of the 13th Five-Year Plan is largely flat. On a 15-year renewal cycle, high-iron control systems are updated or turned on, leading to the growth of new orders.
- Company profile: the lead in a global orbital signal system, the technological innovation aid market, and the China Net are the world’s leading providers of the orbital traffic control system. China Chase has investment financing, design research and development, system integration, equipment manufacturing, engineering services, operation and maintenance of a complete industrial chain, and is a Chinese orbital orbital traffic control system with equipment, technical standards, and product labels.
In 1986, the company, together with the French Ministry of Railways, established the Communications Signals Engineering Company. In 1986, the company set up the first joint venture of the Chinese railway industry, Kasco, to focus on the field of control systems for the operation of the orbital traffic train. In 2010, China Railway Communications Signals Ltd. was officially installed and completed company reform in 2017. In 2015 and 2019, the public,
China Express is a large central enterprise under the direct authority of the State Council's State Finance Committee. The company's leading world-wide control technology provides security for 150,000 km of railways and over 40,000 km of high iron, and has built up more than 60,000 high-iron test cases, exceeding the sum of multinational enterprises abroad in recent years.
The successful development of the high-speed 200-km-km and 350-km-km-high-iron auto-drive technology by the China Express marks the world’s leading technology in the operation and control system of our high-speed train. China Railway Communications and Signals Corporation Ltd. holds 62.42% of the company’s shares and is the firm’s controlling owner; the company is actually controlled by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
The company’s core orbital transport operations include: 1) design integration, mainly system integration services for products related to orbital traffic control systems and design for orbital transport engineering-based project construction.
(ii) Equipment manufacturing, including the production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products and other related products; (3) systems delivery, including, inter alia, construction, installation and maintenance services for the orbital traffic control system project. Specific products include railway control systems (ctcs), urban orbital control systems (cbtc), freight automation systems (cips), communication and property networking series products, detection systems, and rolling stock and availability
The company has implemented a “six nuclear one two-wing” business strategy, based on the advantages of the orbital traffic control system, building on national strategic priorities, such as the word industry, new infrastructure, and building on priority operations such as information communications, electrical electrification, and building a multi-dimensional industry landscape of “orbit traffic +n.”
Table 2: China Chase's main product, China Chase, is a leading player in technological innovation in the orbital traffic control system, with many technological industries leading. The high-speed system is one of China's three core technologies. The China Express insists on the introduction of “inclusion and re-innovation” technology, and has achieved the full range of high and subways in our country.
Full autonomy of train control system technology and 100 per cent national production of products, with the completion of orbits such as high-iron control systems (ctcs-3+ato), high-iron automated driving systems (ctcs-3+ato), metro-rail control systems (cbtc), inter-city rail control systems (ctcs-2+ato), medium- and low-speed magnetic suspended float control systems, integrated cargo assembly station automation systems, integrated railway smart lift systems, integrated transport command systems
A major breakthrough in core autonomous technology provides the core technological support for the implementation of the One-way initiative and the high iron walk-out. The company’s autonomous research and development is at the world’s advanced level and is applied on a large scale to the market for our orbital traffic control system.
High-speed rail control systems (ctcs-3) are applicable to high-speed railways 300 km/h and above, with autonomous intellectual property rights, which are internationally advanced and certified through international connectivity. The company has the first share of the equipment market in the ctcs-3 control system, exceeding 90%.
The urban orbital traffic control system (cbtc) has completely broken the monopoly of foreign companies, successfully equipped the Beijing subway 8 line, completely replaced the foreign equipment, and innovatively created interconnectivity between Chinese urban orbital traffic, and supported the cross-line operation of different train-borne equipment trains.
The inter-city rail control system (ctcs-2+ato) is equipped with inter-city railways at speeds of more than 160 km per hour to meet high-speed, high-intensity, public transit operational requirements, and has increased its operational efficiency significantly by achieving high-iron automation driving for the first time internationally.
Figure 7: The inter-city rail control system (ctcs-2+ato) was developed autonomously for the operation control system (matc) of the medium- and low-speed magnetic suspended train at a three-minute interval between the shortest speed of the train and the autopilot of the train and the successful equipping of the Beijing s1 line. The freight assembly station automation system (cips) was initiated by the China Express and has a fully autonomous intellectual property right.
Intelligent and automating freight station transfer and assembly operations to help our country achieve the highest levels of freight efficiency in the world. Successfully used for Asia's largest grouping stations — Chengzhou North Station and large freight stations such as Chengdubei, Guiyang Nam and Wuhan North — market share is 60%. Figure 8: Medium and Low Magnetic Suspir Control System (matc)
Corporate finance: income structure optimized and profit levels rebounded The company’s performance fluctuated with the industry. The net profits from corporate collections and repatriation grew robustly in 2016-2019, with an average annual compound rate of increase, as shown in figure 9: China’s income from Chase 2016-2023.
New orders kept up the growth trend, with the core business track control system earning more than 70%. Companies focused on science, technology and innovation, global market competitiveness, and the new ones kept growing in 2016-2023. By splits, the track control system was designed to account for about 30% of income, system delivery services remained above 30% for many years, equipment manufacturing about 15%; and engineering totals.
As the company’s revenue structure improved, the company’s Māori rate was gradually restored in 2021-2023. The cost rate fluctuated slightly during the company’s life, but remained stable overall, and net corporate interest rates were rising as the Māori rate recovered in recent years.
In the area of deep-farming orbital transport control systems, companies are leading business development with technological innovation. The company continues to increase its research and development investment. In 2016-2023, it applied for 1510 new patents, including 1281 patents for inventions; 820 new authorized patents, including 667 patents for inventions. In 2023, companies obtained all of them in forward-looking research, 3D transport systems, railway industry technology, smart city track construction.
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.