Cost dividend, rate decrease contribution profit event: Quarterly report, 2025, 2024q1, $10,446 million, solid sales, 1,000 litres of alcohol revenue, $10,446 million.
Thousands of litres, plus 2.8 to 89,000 litres for by-brand sales. In terms of prices, higher sales in companies ranged from +5.3 to +101 thousand litres, or +0.8 pct to 44.7 per cent; end-end dividends continued to be paid, with operating costs ranging from +0.8 per cent to +6096 million, with ton alcohol costs at the same rate.
-2.59 per cent, driving the Māori ratio +1.20 pct to 41.64 per cent; on the other hand, the cost of sales forecasts and investment ratings: we think the pattern of the beer industry is clear and stable in the long run, cost \triangleright
Under the dividend, a robust recovery from the low base is still expected to provide better profitability elasticities, and risk factors: increased competition for mid-end beer, higher prices for raw materials, etc.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd A127 West Avenue, Beijing City West Side.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.