q4 operating steady, with an increase in the red rate, 25 years upward \triangleright billion yuan, minus non-mother ' s net profit losses of $876 million for the same period, minus non-caliber losses.
The cost dividend drives profitability up by year-round income pressure. The company sold 7.54 million tons in 24 years, together with King \triangleright.
Card sales were 3.2 million tons, compared to 7.2 per cent, higher end and above in major brands, 1.4 pcts higher, public materials lower, ton raw material cost was 3.4 per cent, and the Māori rate was +1.6 pct to 40.2 per cent.
End control is good, 24-year sales/management/research and development cost ratio is equal to +0.4/-0.1 flatpcts; net q4 non-repatriate price performance is steady and below schedule. In the previous three-quarters review, we mentioned 23q4 \triangleright
The company's sales, which were affected by the crisis, declined considerably, while at the same time increasing the cost of stabilizing the channel (the sales rate is equal to 1. Qingdao beer (600600.sh) in the third quarter of 2024. The company's performance is expected to rise in 25 years.
\triangleright 4. Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: an important factor in globalization, companies are more affected by the weakness of the catering channel Beta, and therefore follow-up
The external environment is warming and the company’s resilience to repair is considerable, with ongoing stimulus from the current consumer policy, downstream drinking, q1 opening up with a sharp rise in prices, and a steady recovery in demand for access through the q1 season’s structural performance. At the same time, in 2025, the company was light-loaded and the new management was set to be active.
Marketing inputs are matched by more flexible and efficient mechanisms, and we value the company’s follow-on share repair, improved tonnage prices; and the recovery in current capacity utilization will contribute to a fixed-cost spread, contributing to profit elasticity. Multiply, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.