Qingdao's management has changed steadily, the company's business has continued to improve. Qingdao's beer management has changed smoothly.
In 2024, in response to the external environmental impact, the company took the initiative to adjust the pace of delivery and clean up the stock. The sales volume of 1q25 was robust, and given the base and beer sales during the same period last year, we judged that the growth rate of 2q25 and 3q25 was expected to accelerate.
Qingdao Beers Tracking Report: Management has changed steadily, and the company will be light-loaded in 2024 2025, and sales figures are expected to improve on a seasonal basis. (1) In 2024, the company collected $32.14 billion, subject to external environmental impacts, and the company has taken the initiative to adjust its channels.
Shipment speed, inventory cleanup. 1q25 sales are steady, strong growth, taking into account the base and beer sales stock for the same period last year, with cost control. Benefiting from cost dividends and cost control, company ton costs were equal in 2024.
Quicker is expected to accelerate. The company continues to operate well. The net profit is $1.71 billion, compared to 7.1 per cent in the splitting price, and the 1q25 sales and the ton price increase points are judged to be expected to increase seasonally due to the underlying causes and the effects of high-temperature weather.
In terms of profitability, 1q25 gross interest rate was 41.6% (ton cost - 2.6%, tonnage - 0.6%) and the same rate was raised by 1.2 pct, the cost rate was consistently optimized, the Qingjia beer management was smoothly replaced, and the new management team identified the company at a recent shareholder meeting.
On May 20, the company held a general meeting of shareholders, and the new leadership team opened its eyes for the first time, sharing with investors about industry trends and the company’s future development strategy. (1) On the product side, companies indicated that the trend of beer high-end continued, with consumption shifting from pleasure to pleasure.
In this context, companies should respond to the demand for consumer diversification, individualization, and healthy products, and accelerate the development of new products, new races, based on the economics, purity, and brandy. Companies are now actively promoting innovative and fresh products through instant retail and emerging retail channels, and now have a foundation.
The relevant product lines cover different price bands and expect more development in the future. (2) On the regional level, the Division emphasizes that in the future it will strengthen the allocation of resources to MERCOSUR, improve product abundance and packaging, seize opportunities for immediate retail outlets, and promote the development of MERCOSUR through institutional innovation. (3) Operational synergies
On the other hand, the company states that the development of non-beer business is premised on a firm development of beer business. The company’s objective in developing non-beer business is to expand market access and meet the diverse needs of consumers, i.e., the complementarities of old wine and beer sales, and the company tries to actively explore new ones in the context of the saturation of the beer industry.
The company’s management has changed smoothly, and a new leadership meeting has released strong confidence in the company’s future development. In 2025, the company went into light-dressing, marketing initiatives were positive, and overall business has continued well.
Qingdao Beers 20240901 Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.