The new president expressed confidence in the company’s follow-up.
In recent years, consumers have become more interested in high end, healthy, personalized, landscaped, and quality ratios. At the beginning of the second half of 2024, we have observed a blow to the head.
Alcohol industry accelerates innovation in product and channel models, such as low-ol/no-ol beer, high-quality brewing beer, and actively collaborates with new and emerging channels such as instant retailing, snacks, etc. As the supply structure of the beer industry continues to optimize, we anticipate a steady recovery in demand in the future.
Qingdao Beers respond positively to changes in the market, and the pace of innovation will be accelerated. The 2024 Qingdao Innovative Market Model, on the one hand, focuses on the opportunities for growing new channels, such as fast-tracking power suppliers and instant retail outlets; and, on the other hand, the “30-minute fresh delivery” model, which leads to the development of fresh beer products, which is currently being developed by the company.
The "30 Minutes of Fresh Delivery" model has cumulatively covered 29 cities across the country. Corporate management has made it clear that it will accelerate systematic innovation, led by science, technology and innovation, to face changes in consumption demand and consumption habits.
A strong corporate push to capture new demand would help the company to improve its overall competitiveness. Qingdao's beer industry will grow firmly, with an orderly expansion of its non-beer business.
For two reasons: 1) the consumer sector is now fully engaged in the “consumer-centred” era, expanding the yellow wine business to meet consumer diversity, 2) the light season of beer sales is evident, the yellow wine business complements the beer business and helps to improve the business tempo of company-channel clients, thereby strengthening the company-channel base.
Corporate management has made it clear that the premise for expanding the non-beer business is the firm development of the beer industry. We believe that the beer industry is still the business focus of the company, and that, in the face of the near-saturation of the future total beer market, the company will study and organize well-coordinated non-beer business ahead of time in order to increase the long-term development momentum.
Looking forward to 2025, Aoshima's beer volume growth is more certain. In 2024, the company focused more on growth quality, proactive control of pipeline stock, upgrading of end product freshness, low stock start in 2025, and space for replenishment. With the new chairman in office, the team has stabilized and the market has become more active. The company is expected to be on its way.
Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) – Sales decline in the third quarter is on the same scale, and profits continue to be restored above the low-year base. Companies continue to push for product structural upgrading, adding cost-end dividends throughout the year, with profit margins expected to continue the trend of improving, with profits growing faster than revenues.
Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) - Year-on-year drop in sales, lower-cost forecast and investment proposal: company action to increase sales and share, in view of the company's completion of the change of board of directors. Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) - active preparation for the war season, improved sales in the second half of the year.
Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) - High base suppression sales increase, cost down dividend Qingdao Beer (600600.sh) - structural upgrading resilience highlights, basic red scale is high and brand power is in the vanguard of the industry.
The penetration of the company’s core products has been blocked by competition; the cost of raw materials and supplements has risen dramatically. And the first quarter of 2025 has been discussed in terms of performance, the industry environment, and the company’s business strategy.
The exchange was the first public exchange with the market since the new CEO took office, and the new CEO expressed confidence in the company’s follow-up. The highlights of the exchange and our comments are as follows:
Total output is relatively stable and the trend of structural growth has continued, mainly as a result of sustained growth in the middle and above price belt sales. The beer industry has diversified demand, with consumers seeking higher-end, healthier, personalized, landscaped, and quality ratios. In 2024, the beer industry was affected by weak demand and adverse weather conditions, with total output being equal to that of the beer industry.
At the beginning of the second half of 2024, we observed that head beer companies accelerated product innovation and channel models, and that innovation was strong, such as the introduction of low-ol/no-ol beer, high-quality brewing beer, and actively working with new and emerging channels such as instant retailing, bulk-shopping, and snacks. As the supply structure of the beer industry continues to optimize, we expect future industries to need it.
2 Qingdao Beers respond positively to changes in the market, and the pace of innovation will be accelerated. The 2024 Qingdao Beer Innovation City business model, on the one hand, has caught up with more rapidly growing opportunities for new development channels, such as fast-tracking power suppliers, instant retail outlets, the 2024 company line sales equal to +21% since its launch in 2020.
More than 50% of the growth rate is achieved annually; on the other hand, the company has created a 30-minute fresh delivery model that leads to the development of fresh beer products, which now covers a cumulative 29 cities across the country. Corporate management has made it clear that companies will accelerate systematic innovation, led by science, technology and innovation, to face consumption.
In 2025, the company will continue to open new channels, create new scenes, and place new products on the market. We believe that Qingdao's beer already has industry-led research and development capabilities, that its product quality is highly recognized by consumers, and that the company's current push to capture new demand will help.
3 Qingdao's beer industry is firmly developed, and the non-beer business has been expanded in an orderly manner.
At a time when the expansion of the yellow business can meet consumer diversity needs; 2) The light season of beer sales is clear, and the yellow business can complement the beer business and help to improve the speed of business with its customers, thereby strengthening the corporate channel base. Corporate management has made it clear that the premise for the expansion of the non-beer business remains firm.
We believe that the beer industry is still the business focus of the company, and that in the face of the near-saturation of the future total beer market, the company will study and organize well-coordinated non-beer business ahead of time in order to increase the long-term momentum.
According to the annual report for 2024 and the report for the first quarter of 2025 on Aoshima beer, the total revenue from business in 2024 was $32.14 billion, or 5.3 per cent of the year; net profit from motherhood was $4.34 billion, or 1.8 per cent of the year; net profit from non-motherhood was $3.95 billion, or +6.2 per cent of the year, or $10.45 billion, or 2.9 per cent of the year, from the first quarter of 2025;
The net profit of the mother is 1.71 billion yuan, compared to 7.1 per cent; the net profit of the non-mother is 1.60 billion yuan, compared to 5.9 per cent, thousands of litres, compared to 5.9 per cent, and the decline in sales is mainly due to the weak demand for beer consumption throughout the year 2024 and the company ' s initiative to clear inventory risks. Structuredly, the sales of the Qingjia owner ' s brand were 4.34 million litres, compared to 4.8 per cent, of which the average was higher.
Other brand sales were 3.2 million litres, compared to 7.2%, mainly regional brands such as the Kushan plastic wrap product and Hans, which declined more. While overall sales declined, the share of high- and medium-end products increased further to 41.8%.
The net return on output disposal decreased by $170 million in the same year, as well as the net return on investment, the net gain on fair value changes, the decrease in cost costs and the net profit gains on government subsidies. The net gain in 2024 was a complete de-storage of the 24h2 inventory, 25q1 replenishments, while the demand for the 25q1 beer market showed a steady improvement.
For example, after the company's re-occupation, the growth in active activity was positive. 2501 thousand litres of alcohol earned the same as -0.6%, which is expected to be due to a larger discount. In terms of product structure, Qingdao's brand/other brand sales were equal to +4.0%/+2.8%, of which high- and medium-end sales were equal to +5.3%, while the high-end sales structure continued to be optimized.
The ratio of sales to sales +0.7 p.p. to 44.7% is back to record high sales on the 2501 line, with instantaneous retail business protection growing rapidly, reflecting the positive impact of companies’ active response to demand structural changes and accelerating the expansion of emerging channels. The profit-making capacity of 2501 continues to improve, benefiting from lower cost dividends and cost rates.
The income tax rate is stable at the same rate, with the final net interest rate of 2501 being the net interest rate/net interest of the mother moving control channel stock, upgrading the freshness of the end product, low inventory openings in 2025, and space to replenish the stock.
With the new chairman in office, the team has stabilized and the market has become more active. As we approach the season, the company is expected to continue to repair sales above last year’s low base.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Given that the company has completed the change of board, the firm’s competitive position in the local market for higher sales and shares is strong, product coverage is comprehensive and brand power is in the forefront of the industry, and there is now a systematic innovation to help the company manage market changes and performance growth is more robust. And the company’s share of dividends is rising to strengthen shareholders.
The macroeconomic growth has been negatively affected by the external environment, the growth of the demand for beer at the mid-to-high end has slowed significantly, the penetration of the company’s core products has been blocked by competition; and the cost of raw materials and supplements has risen significantly.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating income and rate of increase Figure 2: Quarterly net profit return and Quick increase Figure 4: Quarterly change in net profit margin
Figure 3: Changes in the single-quarter Māori rate The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity, impartiality, and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future