(a) A sustained improvement in profits, with attention to the season ' s catalytic performance evaluation in the first quarter of 2025: company announcements and revenues of $10.45 billion in the first quarter of 2025, compared with 2.9 per cent;
The net profit is 1.71 billion yuan, compared to 7.1 per cent; the net profit is 1.6 billion yuan, compared to 5.9 per cent. The income of 25q1 has grown positively and the product structure has continued to optimize. The corporate income of 25q1 has improved significantly over the year 2024, and the income recovery of 25q1 has largely benefited from the same sales volume.
+3.5%. By brand, the sales of the 25q1 main brand Qingjia beer/middle-high-end and above are equal to the sales of Liu Xin Yi, see, the combination of online and offline companies has increased brand promotion and accelerated the expansion of new businesses and retail operations.
Cost dividends add up to efficiency gains, and profitability continues to improve. The net interest rate at the parent rate of 25q1 is 16.4%, compared to +0.6 pcts, the profit margin is higher than it has been since the company was listed.
For 41.6 per cent, the ratio +1.2 pcts were judged to have benefited mainly from product structural optimization and the release of cost dividends. 12.5 per cent, the ratio to 0.3 pcts, benefited from the efficiency of the company ' s internal operations; 3.2 per cent, the ratio to 0.2 pcts, benefited from the efficiency of the company ' s internal management.
In the short term, income ends, taking into account the gradual q2 boom, the recovery of hot weather and catering endends in a low-base context is conducive to end-of-end sales; at the cost end, the price of q2 imported barley is on a downward trend, and the cost dividend is expected to continue;
In the long term, we look at the two main growth logics of the company: (1) the firm pattern of beer competition and the importance attached by the main wine industry to profit margins, and in this broader context the company's profitability is expected to continue the upward trend; (2) the company is active in expanding the product categories, both in the beer industry with white, black and so on, on the one hand, and in the beverages, on the other hand, in the beer industry.
There are reserves, and there is plenty of room for future growth.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, with an emphasis on non-drink and beer plates, and is good at handling it.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and, first of all, contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.