Events: Qingdao Beers issued a performance report for 2024, which generated $32.138 billion in 2024, equal to +10.9% of high-end and above sales in Qingdao Beers (600,600).
From the regional market, we believe that the company's sales in 2024 were largely due to the weakness of Shandong markets, which were at the same rate as 3.38%. The North China market sales were largely at the same level, with an increase of 10,000 tons in the same year, but with a small ton price.
Pressure, the same ratio - 2.52%, resulting in a similar income ratio of -2.24%. Despite the fact that Shandong and Huabei income tables were weaker than in the same period the previous year, profits continued to grow better, with the net profit share falling by 1,000 litres in 2024, and the Māori rate improving. On the cost side, the company ' s operating costs in 2024.
\triangleright drops by $1.607 billion to $19.210 billion on a year-on-year basis, ton alcohol costs by 1.98 per cent, raw materials prices by 12.3 per cent, and profitability continues to increase.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings: the beer industry is clear and stable, and high-end progress is steady, and we believe that the upgrading of product structures in Shandong and North China + the increase in profits in East and South China are expected to provide better risk factors: increased competition for beer at the middle and high ends, higher prices for raw materials.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The Kim Dynasty B building has been partially unconsensual, unassociated, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.