Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report 30 March 2025, Qingdao Beers published the 2024 annual report.
▪ Income has fallen slightly over the same year, and performance is in line with expectations of hundreds of millions of yuan, a slight increase in losses over the same year. Cost optimization has been significant throughout the year, with a slight increase in the net cash flow from Maori operations.
On the product side, the overall sales of beer in 2024 were equal to -5.9 per cent/+0.4 per cent; on the product side, the sales of Qingdao beer masters were equal to -4.8 per cent/-0.3 per cent; on the other side, the sales of Qingdao beers were equal to -7.2 per cent/+0.9 per cent, respectively.
Qingdao Beer (60000): The company continues to promote the "1+1+1+2+n" product mix and accelerates the construction of high-end freshness and a drop in pressure and cost improvements to support profitable water.
Super-high-end products, with 3.15,000 litres of high-end and above in mid-2024, 2024-08-30-2.7% on par, and +2 pcts to 73% on top brands.
2 Qingdao Beers (60000): Other brand sales/tonne prices in 2024 were 3.2 million litres/2969.18 million dollars per 1,000 litres, and the product structure continued to be optimized.
In addition, new products such as the Augusta series, the Nika Seabber, the Unethanol Beer Rate Increase, and the High-end Upgradation Expedition series have been developed by companies to meet consumer-diversified needs.
The share of the drinking/non-drinking market was 41.2 per cent and 58.8 per cent, respectively; sales of online products increased by 21 per cent, while at the same time accelerating the introduction of fresh direct distribution, which was achieved in 24 cities by the production of raw slurry and crystal pure beer products in Qingdao.
Corporate brand power, channel power, and product competitiveness are evident, and structural upgrading is still taking place in a fiercely competitive environment, with a one-on-one increase in tonnage. We anticipate downside macroeconomic risks, less than expected high-season sales, higher risks of raw materials,
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, are good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep market-based thinking and insight into Sou wine, which is sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.