Quarterly review in 2025: over a quarter of pressure, events: company announcement: Quarterly report in 2025, 25q1 battalion collected $10,446 million, +2.91 per cent, +1.710 billion net profit to the mother, + 7.08 per cent, +1603 million net profit to the mother.
• A steady increase in sales in the first quarter, with white beverages and classics growing better. From the point of view of sales, the pressure is 25q1, 25q2, 25q3 is a low base, with sales equal to +3.53 per cent to 22.610 million tons in the first quarter, resilience is on the threshold, and the next two or three quarters determine that the main directions are sales.
The growth rate is expected to accelerate marginally, but the slope rate depends on the strength of catering policy, high temperature weather, etc. The brand size shows that sales above the end of the entire/Qingjia brand/middle high end are equal to +3.5 per cent/+4.1 per cent/+5.3 per cent, while the share of the upper-middle end continues to rise, while the ton of alcohol is equal to -0.59 per cent to 0.59 per cent.
As a result, the average operating rhythm is expected to increase in the classic medium digits, faster in white, higher in structure, better in Maori rates, better in cost rates, and higher net interest rates. Net interest rates of 25q1 have fallen year-on-year. Taken together, the spread of gross sales has improved markedly, leading to a sustained rise in net interest rates.
In the short term, the stock is low and light, while the new Chairman Kang will be promoted internally and will maintain a medium- and long-term strategy for the future.
Continuation, marketing rhythms will be positive, benefiting from catering restoration of beta+ top management, light-loading, price-fixing. Alpha has a stronger elastic space. In the medium term, it draws on the development of the overseas beer giants.
In short, we believe that China's beer track is a high-quality front line, with the offensive level derived from the resilience and sustainability of the upgrades, and that the demand for diversified public prices is underpinned by the middle-level core; the defence layer, with the beer industry at a stage of relatively robust capital spending and excellent cash flow performance, is in the future.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: short-term benefits from catering repairs to β+ replacement site management for enhanced alpha.
The Qingdao beer is based on three major financial forecasting tables.