The new President, Mr. Kang Jong-sung, chaired the meeting and looked ahead to the corporate business strategy.
Wang Hye Lin continues to push for product structural upgrading and brand development. At the end of the product, the company is determined to promote the Qingjia beer master's portfolio of 1+1+1+2+n.
In addition to strengthening the development and quality of new products, the IBST has continued to strengthen basic research and original innovation and to introduce new products that are distinctive and market-friendly, such as the "Oguta series, Nica Shibaki series, and an alcoholless beer series".
Lasky, speed up the expansion of new businesses, new retail businesses, and explore new consumption scenes. At the end of the pipeline, companies consolidate, upgrade the “one-way” strategic belt market, and focus on resources to strengthen the base's market niche.
At the end of the day, the company's presence is constantly changing, such as the four seasons of brand-new branding of white beverages.
Different themes -- spring and summer cherry season, summer camp season, autumn cinnamon season, winter snow, 12mtha share price range season, sponsorship of marathon events, joint name with Middle and Super sports events, user-friendly entry, and visualization.
The target group communicates deeply in emotional, spiritual and value.
On the one hand, companies are steadfast in pursuing a high-quality, cross-cutting development strategy, led by brands, strong beer masters, ahead-of-the-curve layouts around strategic and cutting-edge areas such as “beers + biology + health”, accelerating the creation of high-end, fresh and ultra-high-end products, expanding product matrices, etc.
In March 2025, the Qingdao Beverages Group was restructured, and in May it acquired Shandong's brand-old yellow wine business, i.e. the ink and yellow wine, actively and securely developed related businesses such as yellow wine, whiskey, and explored new growth points.
The company focuses on the beer industry and is fully active in “new crowds, new needs, new products, new channels, new scenes” to build and nurture brands with “high quality, high visibility” and, by seeking M&As and working with other companies, in the non-breers business of a gamut of the company's long-term stability.
The annual revenues were $33,467 million, $34,792 million and $36,099 million, respectively, at a rate of increase - 31st of 2025.
Macroeconomic growth has not been as high as expected, with increased competition at the mid- and high-level markets, the risk of cost escalation, extremes The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce the present report independently and objectively and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, without any third conclusion
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.