China Air Flight (302132.sz)
Defence equipment goes beyond development 2.08 billion shares issued by the Aviation Industries Group to purchase 100% of the air industry ' s holdings (hereinafter Seng Fei) and the new shares were marketed on 22 January 2025 and taken over.
In 2023, a company that was engaged in research and production, such as aircraft surveying and control products, collected 1,677 million (11.95%) and returned to its mother a net profit of 98 million (-49.1%).
It created a number of “firsts,” and today it's on the market, leading the flying industry chain up and running from high-end manufacturing of step-by-step technology and innovation. With air equipment installed, the number of aviation farms increased from 53.39 billion to 74.968 billion in 2021-2023, and the number of cagr to 18.5 per cent;
The net profit from repatriation increased from $1.85 billion to $2,423 billion, or 14.4 per cent in Cagr, the country's most powerful air carrier plant, which created several “first”:1 in the history of air defence in the country.
Aircraft: The next generation of military aircraft has been developed or has been launched, with the prospect of "blank over the line" to the United States. 2) Yes — no one has developed it in concert: T-20s is the world's first two-generation aircraft of five generations, with skewers and undetected drones already having the capacity to work together. 3) 749,968 million people were collected in 2023.
All generated 54.32 million, far more than their peers. 4) The military scale system is the first in the country: according to sipri, the value of the flights exported up to 2023 was 11,000 tiv1, representing 51.19 per cent of the country ' s total; the dragons were the first to be developed in cooperation between China and abroad, opening up a new phase in the export of our aviation equipment.
“Cyclemaster” has taken great steps to lead the industrial chain, and the “Flying Legion” has been strong: 1) consolidation of the advantages of “research-build-repair” integration for inner synergizing stations and subsidiaries; external partnership with the government to create aviation parks, create investment funds to nurture upstream enterprises, and make the most of it.
With the construction of the strategic air force, the key enablers have broken through the industrial bottlenecks of 1 to 100, paving the way for the production of new products, both technical and industrial. 3) The effects of the industrial chain have gradually emerged: some enterprises in 2023.
Capital spending has shown a downward trend, with a moderate decline in Maori rates while net interest rates have remained stable. (4) We believe that the development of a fly-in chain, or a harvest period, and the production of fly-in products is a common development based on a technologically mature and sizeable “flying army”.
The “win-win” pattern continues to evolve, and efficiency and profitability are expected to improve.
Breaking through critical core technologies in the areas of high-end aviation invisibility technology, capricious performance manufacturing, smart testing, etc., 2) promoting the transformation of “digital intelligence” aviation, where industrial chain research and production synergies are expected to take a qualitative leap: leading the industrial chain to digital conglomerates, whole-of-industry chain development, production
Quality and efficiency are expected to improve continuously. 3) Explore the use of big model technology in aircraft design to promote efficiency gains through new technologies.
Scavenger to get more services, scavenger to get more services.
1.1 The pilot of the striker, who created the “first” flight of the aviation industry in the history of our country (hereinafter referred to as Flying), is the main base for the development and production of the entire aircraft of our aviation equipment and of the Ministry's annexes: created in 1958 as the main base for the production and export of our aviation weapons and equipment, a major manufacturer of civilian spare parts;
A wealth of experience has been gained in the field of the manufacture of aviation products, which have been tasked with the development and production of multi-type aviation equipment, processes, technology, etc. Military products have been produced for the development of the entire aviation equipment and the Ministry's annexes in the main battalion: 1) Military products have been produced for the development of Cheng Fei: human aircraft such as Dynamite-5, Dynamite-7, Dragons, Dynamite-9, Dynamite-10, Dynamite-20, and drones such as wing dragons, rangers, etc.
(b) Civil products: major arj21, c919, c929, ag600 aircraft have been developed and produced. 3) To fly, complete pilot systems for the design of aircraft and the creation of specialized advantages in large sectors of aviation, as well as to model maintenance capabilities for second- and third-generation aircraft, actively contributing to the modernization of the country ' s aviation weapons and equipment and to the construction of the national economy.
The most powerful mainframe plant took the shell to the market and opened a new chapter on growth: 1) China Telemetry issued shares to the Aviation Industries Group to purchase 100% of its holdings in the aviation industry, and the new shares were listed on January 22, 2025, passing through the house. 3) The company changed its name to “Sino-Shang Fei Company” on January 22, 2025.
The change in securities is referred to as “Change” and the code has been changed to “302132.” Since 1958, when the State-owned 132 plant began to work on the ground, it has developed air equipment such as 5 m3 and 7a (over 7, 7m and dragons), 10 series (10a, double-seat, 10b, 10c), 20 series of wings and dragons.
The Sichuan Chengdu Air Park, built jointly by the government and industry, is basically a fully-functional professional layout, and as it develops further into the regional economy, the Flying Air Industry Cluster is beginning to emerge.
As of February 22, 2025, the Air Industry Group held 78.07% of the company directly.
(a) Research: Cheng Fei is the country's first global research and development base for strikers, drone design research and development: it also has four user-based products, rapid development centres and five specialized technical research laboratories.
One supplier, the SVD is the only major aircraft-heading development base in the country, while the medium drones serve as a platform for drone production. 3) Tests: Multi-type pilot aviation equipment at your test-flight site, making full use of high-quality flight-test resources from the aviation industry, such as the test-flight sites, test-flying teams, test-assurance equipment, etc. 4) Repairs: subsidiaries have long flights with snipers, snipers, boomers, booms, etc.
The maintenance capacity of three or four generations of aircraft, including bombers, coaches, helicopters and drones, is also the main contributor to the maintenance of the military-trading aircraft.) Invest: the Industrial Chain Fund of the subsidiary Sino-Space Zin Industrial Chain, which is invested mainly in a high-quality air industry cluster.
There is a more complete system of scientific production of aviation equipment, with the production of six, seven, six, seven, seven, eight, and "Four" systems of strikers, coaches and multiple priority-type drones and mass-equipment units. 2) With the combined effect of low income growth and higher cost, the airline industry has performed poorly and suffered a continuous loss in recent years: collection: 2021-
Hundreds of millions of dollars were spent on fixed-assets construction, over 1,800 new sets of equipment, and over 66,000 square metres were added to the accumulated site. By 2023, the share of new products in hand orders had risen to 38.8 per cent.4 The spare parts, such as airframes and wings, accounted for 30-40 per cent of the total spare parts manufacturing work, and the flight has now become a core zero unit, such as the body and wing of a multi-type aviation equipment.
1+1>2 is expected to be a synergy between the only external supplier, providing test-flying space and resources for the flight, and the aviation industry's long-flying: integrated aviation maintenance enterprise, “maintenance lead” for efficiency enhancement. 1) Long-flying is an integrated aviation maintenance enterprise that is primarily responsible for air, air, land and rocket strikers, snipers, bombers, coaches, etc.
Major repairs, battle field repairs and repair of aircraft-mounted equipment for three or four generations of aircraft, including helicopters, drones and other aircraft, while being the country ' s main base for major repairs of military-traffic aviation equipment, the main undertaker of the country ' s military-trading export, overhaul of aircraft and accessories, major construction lines, aircraft upgrades, and retrofitting tasks.
3) Promote the new model of “maintenance host” to effectively improve maintenance efficiency: one three-and-a-half-generation and four-generation: start the new model of design and manufacturing unit “host lead” and shift the focus of capacity-building to full-time maintenance process validation and implementation.
Centralization. 3 Military Trade: In the case of the Ministry of Military Trade attachment maintenance and line-building, the Long Flying, as the “General Contractor” through all Ministry attachment-building projects of the Military Trading Party, has been working in commercial cooperation with a national manufacturer, using the “central supplier” model of the full-scale major repair plant.
Quantified civilian aircraft: The country’s major aircraft piloting development base is expected to benefit from the 0919 production lifts. 1) It is the country’s only major aircraft pilot development base, as well as the Sichuan civil aircraft development and production pipeline, dominated by products covering the three main categories of aircraft head and airframe, hatch and wing, and is a professional supplier to the big Chinese aircraft head.
Chinese commercial flights, American Boeing, European airfarers, and other high-quality suppliers of internationally recognized aviation manufacturing companies. 2) Actively open tails, airfarers a 320 before/after boarding doors, Boeing 737 before boarding doors/emergency doors, Boeing 747 passenger modified parts, high-end civil service g280 parts, air passenger a 350 pedals and a series of product subpacks.
4) As large-scale and large-scale national aircraft enter the production and delivery phase, the performance of civilian aircraft has improved year by year: 10,000 to 28.75 million, or 73 per cent, and the net interest rate has been raised from 0.44 per cent to 1.02 per cent (+0.58 ptt). According to Chinese commercial flights, in 2024-2043, our airline will receive 9323 new aircraft valued at approximately $1.4 trillion, and we believe that it will fly.
Civil aircraft, as the country ' s only major aircraft-head professional development base, are expected to benefit fully from the development opportunities offered by the high-profile civil aviation and the c919 production speeds. 1.2 The build-up of equipment has generated high demand, and the aviation industry has grown robustly.
We believe that the main reason for the growth in the performance of the aviation industry in recent years is: 1) the speed with which our strategic air force has been built, which is the key to the construction of national defence, as the main base for the development and production of the entire aircraft of our aviation equipment and the Ministry's attachments, and to keep pace with the developments in the air equipment industry. 2) The operationalization of the air defence equipment is the continuation of the air defence operation.
As an important part of our task of institutionalizing our aviation equipment and strengthening the capacity-building of the defence technology industry, we have benefited fully from the momentum of the air equipment landscape: the collection structure: the airline product was the main product of the flight, with the Chinese aviation industry gaining a steady share of the production of the flying aviation product in 2021-2023.
The per capita income is 129.4.148.7.1605 million yuan, and the per capita income of the aviation industry is much higher than that of the peers; 2) per capita income is profitable: 11.8/14.1.185,000 yuan, the per capita gain of the main aviation plant c is 2.6/2.1/34,000 yuan, and the per capita gain of the aviation industry is higher in the industry.
Figure 20: Aviation Industry Flying 2021-2023, Air Host Plantb, Air Host Plantc. Crash per capita (US$ 10,000) 1.3 Sustained strengthening of R & D inputs and continued enhancement of high-quality aeronautical science and technology supply
Continuous strengthening of R & D inputs: Total R & D expenditures of the aviation industry include R & D costs and state advances for research, and special dues announced by companies are mainly allocated to the State for funds allocated and funds advanced for research in technology adaptation and capacity building countries. Figure 21: Corporate R & D costs and current special dues 2021-2023
Reduction of value as a share of revenue, total R & D expenditure as a proportion of income
The Rapid Product Development Centre and five specialized technical research laboratories have acquired key core technologies through in-house scientific research. The local government has established the “Creating Flying Blues Innovation Centre” to create a one-way model of external innovation, internal innovation, “Get Out.”
2) Explore innovative mechanisms of the “Hands War”: focus on core competitiveness, establish an Angel Investment Fund, implement technological innovation, and make quick and easy investments in small-scale and small-scale projects.