chc has achieved rapid growth and cost optimization.
On 19 April 2024, the company published a quarterly report for the year 2024. 2024q1, the company achieved operating income of $7,294 million (+14.82 per cent), a net return to the mother of $1,364 million (+18.49 per cent), a rapid growth in the withholding of chc, and a positive development in prescription medicine.
The consumer goods industry continues to enrich the brand matrix and achieve rapid growth. Consumer demand continues, the cold continues to fuel the demand of the 999 flu, and the demand of the market rises better.
The upgrading of counterfeit brands has led to the strong rise of other sub-products such as 999 antiviral oral fluids, 999 plated blue particles, 999 pyrotechnic particles; continued enrichment of the product lines in the prescription business, and continued consolidation of the business development base and active response to the multi-area production of formulation granular operations.
Quan Pharmacy Group integration is progressing steadily. Completion of 100 days of integration with the company, one year of convergence, provides a solid basis for three years of integration.
2028) Strategic Development Plan, which focuses on building two main platforms: slow pathology, with a product series of 37 products at its core, and state-of-the-art drugs, with a product series of 1381. Quan Pharmacy Group Chc’s operations are growing steadily, and the integration of Quan Pharmacy is advancing steadily.
Introduction of a brand-new "777" based on blood plug-in oral products, gradually expanded to health tubes, Quantico integration, formulation of product lines such as particle operations fluctuations, disease prevention, serious treatment and post-disease rehabilitation, and extended application of Q37
The chc business is growing rapidly, and the prescription drug business is expected to reach out to the broader health areas of oral care, beauty care, etc.
Ongoing development or introduction of innovative medicines, improved innovations, imitations, classic brands, etc. As of 2024q1, the company’s drug research and development pipeline layout includes treatment of acute ischaemic brain guards.
kyaz01-2011-020 (Quan Pharmacy Group), in the second phase of the clinical phase; a new improved treatment for gouts, Kyah02-2020-149 (Quin Pharmacy Group), in the ind reception phase; and more than 30 headlines in the field of therapeutics such as breathing, brain, digestion, etc., submitted to the public for 4 headlines, of which
The 20 particles were approved on March 29th.
Industry leads, companies continue to build up their position in the otc business sector and achieve steady growth; progress continues, business is focused on the ageing track and is expected to develop steadily with corporate channels. Based on corporate business development and newly published performance reports, we expect companies to grow steadily.
High variety and brand outreach capacity, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: higher than expected risk of formulation particles and mesmerized drug collection, less integrated risk, less advanced research and development than expected, etc.