Cost controls are good, and the trend towards innovative affiliates is good, with continued high levels of R & D inputs. Based on a 26% increase in revenue, companies have increased their sales costs and management costs by 24.06%, 11.45%, respectively, and cost controls are good and net.
With a collection rate of 41.5%, investments in new products and technologies such as mixed cloudpaas platforms, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. continue to increase.
Cash payments by employees were higher than during the same period last year.  Revenues from the line of operations have remained positive.  Brokering: income of 216 million, contracts for brokerage and financial management have declined; wealth business has become business as a result of new regulations and changes in industry.
Rapid growth of contracts; decline in banking as a result of changes in the statistical calculus; in fact, six months of overall banking development and financial management of transactions in the product line; strong market demand for the product line; and continued relatively good growth in Internet operations, represented by clustering of sources
Some operations began to grow at a rapid pace, with some new operations and products representing artificial intelligence, block chains, supply chains, Xiao whales, etc..1
In the first half of the year, the concentration of data content-based Vance mobile information business continued to grow faster, with a net increase of 45.2 per cent;
The profits are 1998 million, an increase of 414% over the same period. In addition, there are new opportunities, new opportunities, new lines of business, multiple innovation companies, all making profits in the same period last year.
The growth of the harvest is more than expected, increasing the vanguard of the fintech industry and the elasticity of the company’s performance as the business environment improves, and maintaining “sustainability”
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board