On August 22, the company released its semi-annual report for 2018: in the first half of 2018, the company was able to operate at the rate of 100 million yuan, an increase of 31.37 per cent over the previous half-year period, while the company ' s overall business continued to grow in the first half of 2018.
However, subject to the influence of financial policy and the environment, growth has been relatively slow, and companies have continued to strengthen their investment in research and development for new products and technologies.
During the first half of 2018, companies achieved an increase of 25.98 per cent in business income over the same period, of which brokerage revenues of $216 million, or 21.87 per cent over the same period. The uf2.0 city platform for brokering in the company ' s core trading system was further consolidated, and the business centralization platform for innovative products bop continued to expand the market.
At the market, the new R & D agency counters are recognized and contracted by various financial institutions. The operating income is $444 million, an increase of 18.10 per cent over the same period. Under the influence of market conditions, the operating contracts have been slightly reduced.
The new interfaces are growing faster. Internet operations generate $212 million, an increase of 68.55 per cent over the same period, and the amount of centralized Vance mobile information business based on content services continues to grow faster.
The new regulatory requirements, such as new regulations, wealth management, and anti-money-laundering, offer new opportunities for the industry. Greater regulation is conducive to the regulation of financial markets and, in turn, to increasing market activity, thereby enhancing the demand for financial science and technology products.
The company created a new generation of hybrid cloud paas platforms to support the multi-coated cloud platform, actively promoting the transformation of the technology architecture ononline, with the company ' s priority products fully embracing the Internet distribution architecture. The company launched the ibrain project to provide financial institutions with a holistic solution to build the al-Ai platform, which is currently nlp
Quarterly Performance Increases 35.75%, and New Assets Regulations have been applied to smart customer service, smart question-and-answer, smart information, smart investment. The Department is actively building a technology platform for knowledge mapping for the financial sector.
The Annual Report's performance is up to expectations, Fintech's business growth, business growth continues to grow with the introduction of an artificial intelligence product, Xiao whales, and collaborations with eye-to-eye, cat elves, etc., as well as preliminary explorations in the field of smart kyc.
"Performance forecast, innovation continues to move forward" "Acquisition of 51% of Hong Kong's equity deal, 31.65% growth in h1, ai and block chain product"