The traditional business has grown steadily, with the green energy business increasing in gravity (000651) 2021 and 2022 1st Quarterly Reviews: in recent days, the company has published 2021 and 1st Quarterly 2022.
Wei Hongmei's income grew well and its operations were as expected. In 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of 1,89,654 million yuan, an increase of 11.24 per cent over the previous year; and a net profit of $23,064 million attributable to the parent company was realized, an increase in the same amount.
16.28%. In 2022, affected by the epidemic, the installation of domestic air-conditioning sales and consignments was blocked, the low base effect disappeared, companies grew in reverse in a context of a weak overall macro-environment, but, in terms of rising prices, the reaction firm distributors were more willing to take delivery before the onset of the season.
In 2021, the company generated $122,305 million in domestic business and performed better with overseas operations, mainly because of the global epidemic and the global economy’s continued financial performance.
A sustained recovery under the policy of political stimulus and monetary easing has led to a growth in performance by gripping the export dividend. In 2021, the power of the Greco appliance continued to flourish in overseas markets, with emerging markets showing strong performance, and products were sold to more than 180 countries and territories, with autonomous brands accounting for 51% and sales increasing by 23%.
Corporate business diversification has continued to deepen, and green energy revenues have increased fastest across the business sectors.Currently, the company ' s consumption areas cover household air conditioning, heating air conditioning, refrigerators, washing machines, water heaters, kitchen appliances, environmental appliances, communications products, smart buildings, smart homes; high industrial coverage.
End equipment, precision molds, refrigeration equipment, electric machines, compressors, capacitors, semiconductors, precision casting, basic materials, industrial storage, renewable resources. In 2021, the company separately listed the green energy business, generating an income of $2.907 billion, an increase of 63.13 per cent.
The strategy has been driven by the development of the relevant colour-producing industries such as photovoltaic (storage) air-conditioning plates, new energy vehicles, and lithium battery plates, which have gradually grown in size. At profit levels, the green energy business in 2021 was largely driven by a sharp increase in the prices of upstream raw materials.
Faced with a variety of external uncertainties, companies can reduce efficiency gains by optimizing their product structure and by optimizing their management and sales rates, focusing on improving their profitability in the future. Investment proposals: companies are leading the domestic air-conditioning industry, products are becoming more abundant, and new retail channels are becoming available.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.