q1 has improved its performance significantly, and expects b-end operations to go first.
13.2 per cent of the city's rate of 31.3 per cent is a slight decrease of 3.64 pct, q1 g retail end of the 21q1 ratio of average air conditioners on line to +181/496, with a certain reduction in the average price adjustment.
The impact of falling demand on companies can be effective in alleviating cost-side pressures. On external sales, the industrial landscape is improving, and new energy sources and industrial manufacturing plates are increasing.
Businesses, in recent years, have moved from “traditional manufacturing” to “intelligent manufacturing” and from domestic appliances to industrial upgrading. Corporate industrial products/smart equipment/green energy plates have increased substantially in 21 years and green energy operations have grown by more than 60%. At the end of October 2021, companies completed their jobs.
Industrial integration and business exposure, Glytium in new energy cars, lithium batteries, storage and energy units will provide more revenue and performance gains for the Glycerine. In April 22, 29.48 per cent of the company ' s shares in the environment were cleared, became shareholders in the environment and further refined upstream of the company.
The company is expected to further expand its product and technology advantages and achieve synergetic development, thanks to the production advantage of Shield in new energy car parts, central air conditioners, etc. The performance rate has accelerated, and the gross sales margin has improved.
The net operating cash flow has increased significantly as a result of a strong carrying cash flow.) q1 corporate monetary funds + tradable financial assets totalling $129.32 billion, compared to the beginning of the period
In response to the increase in the cost of raw materials, the company remained high; other currents at the end of 2021.
As a result of the increase in cash associated with camp activities, profit projections: we look forward to the creation, channeling, management, \triangleright as a domestic power-making tap.
The inherent advantages of R & D are that companies are actively industrialization, moving towards new sources of energy, smart equipment, risk factors: repeated internal and external epidemics, tob operations that cannot expand as much as the expected price of raw materials, increased competition in the industry, and new products that cannot be developed as expected.
In July 2020, we joined the CSVC in a non-relationship, non-relationship, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.