The performance of the pharmaceutical industry has grown steadily, and prices have increased the Māori rate of the product, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WVRDC) has grown steadily.
In the industrial sector, the pharmaceutical industry earned $2.48 billion (+17.2 per cent) and the pharmaceutical circulation industry earned $2.11 billion (+12.7 per cent). Both the distribution and the profit ends show an acceleration. 2 cerebrovascular medicine earned $190 million (+59.3 per cent).
Intramarketing has reached a record high and has succeeded in winning a pilot project for pharmaceutical production storage units in the province of Heilongjiang, with the possibility of obtaining an award of 150,000 yuan for production storage and the declaration of a fast-track development policy to support biomedical enterprises, which will enable sustained release in the future.
The higher cost led to a decline in the Māori rate and a further decline in the cost of sales. The Māori rate for the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry was 74.2 per cent (-3.8 pp) during the reporting period, owing to a significant increase in the price of raw materials; and the Māori rate for the pharmaceutical circulation industry was 16.2 per cent, mainly due to corporate propagandization and increased brand value of the product over the years, which led to a yearly increase in the cost of sales.
Decline; management cost 3.3 per cent (-0.3 pp); financial cost - 0.3 per cent (+1.1 pp); research and development costs; maintenance of innovation in science and technology; and change of directorship. The company continues to promote the secondary development of the dominant varieties and further research into the pharmacological efficiency mechanisms of the dominant species in the direction of liver diseases, neoplasms, etc., and increased treatment of the platinum.
Hepato-cancer function, liver-cancer reduction of relapses, etc.: at the same time, a number of major research projects are under way, with three new chemo-type 1, three Chinese-type 1.1 and one Chinese-type 1.2 drugs entering the clinical phase: preliminary development of a research and development layout and tube line with a brand-new feature.
In the evening, the board of directors announced its agreement to elect Mr. Lin Zhihui as Chairman of the seventh board of directors.
Q3 is affected by the high base and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.