"Performance with expectations, multi-nucleic drive of full-scale energy" - "Acquisitions."
In the first half of the year, the company was able to achieve a high rate of income from cardiovascular products.
In the first half of 2023, the company revealed a record high sales of the Xenmen's herbs in the ruminant industry, and we believe that with the company's enhanced market planning and expansion, the Xinjiang Xinjiang herbs have been successfully marketed.
At the end of the pipeline, it is possible to improve the market layout by increasing external cooperation. In the pipeline layout, the company focuses on expanding the mainstream chain, based on the coverage of nearly 400 community study centres across the country.
By establishing a strategic partnership of the full class with many well-known head chains, such as Fukuchi and Yae Fung, the owner-owned company Fujian Chai Health Technology Ltd., the terminal stores cover more than 100,000 households.
Focus on research and development, and maintain science, technology and innovation as the central drivers of enterprise development. In the secondary development of the dominant varieties, the company has been developing a variety of niches, such as liver diseases, neoplasms, and inflammation.
In the course of the development of new medicines, the company is currently working on new medications.
Three new chromosomes, three new Chinese medicines, 1.1 new Chinese medicines, and one new Chinese medicine, 1.2 new Chinese medicines, are in the clinical research phase; the new Chinese medicine used to treat mild, moderate and general anxiety disorders is the subject of clinical summary reports.
On the sectoral front, companies are continuously increasing their level of autonomous innovation through the ongoing development of platforms such as the National Enterprise Technology Centre and the Provincial Business Focus Office.
Overpriced increases lead to a downside risk of sales growth; the development of corporate day-to-day business is less risky than expected; the supply of raw materials and the risk of price changes; and the creation of new channels less dynamic than expected: subsidiaries are not listed as much as expected.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market