In the mid-2023 report, a steady increase in prices, a high increase in cattle sales, and a steady increase in company performance were expected.
Billion yuan (+14 per cent), mainly due to a 28.8 per cent increase in the retail price of the core product, cerebral vascular diseases, and a cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral ecstasy (double natural product code, natural musk code) have been successfully marketed, leading to $196 million in income of 1h23 in this area.
In 2023, it is expected to be more than 200 million singles, 21.9% next year. The company promotes the development of new products and the upgrading of old ones.
As a new growth point, it is hoped that the future will lead to growth in performance. The company is actively promoting the listing of stock holding companies, which are now collating ipo’s makeup, and promoting the process of re-engineering the stock system, which is expected to generate new dynamism.
The impact of the Māori rate is manageable, the cost of marketing falls, and innovative research and development continues to be scaled up.
The impact of the increase has declined slightly, and the company has responded positively and has had a controllable effect. The Māori rate for liver medications is evidently scarce and of high value, and results in performance due to the increase in the price of a pickle and the effective hedging of raw materials; and the use of cerebrovascular disease.
The sales cost rate of 4.84 per cent (1.48 pct) is mainly due to lower marketing, marketing and advertising costs, and the market is expected to see steady growth over the long term.
New Chinese medicines to treat mild, moderate and widespread anxiety disorders obtain a clinical summary report.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: considering, for example, the impact of rising raw materials on profits, we will be exposed to public policy risks, less than expected in terms of new products, less than expected in terms of listing of subsidiaries, etc.
The three major financial forecasting tables of Tsai Xi Xiang, Inc., have been certified as securities investment consulting operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.