Incident: Qingdao beer released three-quarterly report 2024, with 2024q1-q3 yielding $28,959 million Qingdao beer (600600.sh) q3 sold under pressure and a slight drop in 1,000 litres of alcohol revenue. Q$8,891 million in operating income for 2024q3.
\triangleright \triangleright \sk \t3 \0.2 to $4126. 3-quarters drops in total, but sales of products at the end and above fall less, with sales of 2024q3 equal to 4.7 to 88,000 litres.
\triangleright Operating costs fall from $399 million to $5.146 million on a year-on-year basis, and ton alcohol costs from 2.2 per cent to $2388, driving the Māori ratio from +1.2 pct to 42.1 per cent on a cost-by-cost basis.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Despite three-quarter fluctuations in profits, the long-term beer industry \triangleright pattern is clear and stable, and we believe Shandong and China North product structure upgrades + Chinadong and South China profits
Risk factors: Increased competition for mid-end beer, higher prices of raw materials, etc.
Wei-Jin Zhang, Wuhan University of Technology, double degree in law, economics, two years of work in the financial sector, then entering White.
For 13 years, the liquor industry has been engaged in first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde wine industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, secondary, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked in research and development for two years at Sapto, the mammoth's giant.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics. White wine is covered (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Xinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, Quixai wine industry, alcoholic wine, Yang River shares, this world's fate, sauce plate). Wang Xueqin, Master of Management, Cornell University, United States of America. Washington University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, B.A., covering beer.
(In-depth study of the industry of Chinese beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), beverages (in-depth study of farmers' mountain springs, East Peng's beverages, pleasures) and low-drink (in-depth study of the Queen's shares) will not be relevant, in part or directly or indirectly, to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.