Qingdao beers (600600) food beverages, demand is low, and looks forward to further improvements in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• The overall demand for beer under the large environmental impact is lower, and the volume of q3 sales is under pressure. In terms of volume, the actual volume of beer sold in the third quarter of the company alone was 21.155 million tons, a decrease of 5.1 per cent from the same year; the demand for beer under the large environmental impact was relatively flat, with company sales falling slightly faster than overall sales in the industry by 5.3 per cent.
Other brands achieved sales of 930,000 tons, corresponding to 6.3 per cent of the price, as a result of a weak recovery in overall beer demand, the upgrading of the product structure, with 24q3 having an equal to-0.2 per cent to 4126 tons of total tonnage.
In terms of cost rates, 24q3 sales cost rates ranged from +2.4 pp to 14.1 per cent, mainly due to the company's increasing costs during the season; the management cost ratio ranged from ~0.9 pp to 3.1 per cent, and, in aggregate, 24q3 cost dividends from non-mortality were continuously released, indicating young people's readiness period. 1) Product end-side strategy, “1+1+1+2+n”
To further improve the strategic position of white and fresh beverages as two potential monoliths: new items such as Nica Shibaki, Augusta 6/a3, which continue to meet consumer diversity and individualization needs, continue to be introduced in the interior of the company. Moreover, the path of structural upgrading from the low-end mountains to the middle-end classics will continue to be an important engine for raising overall ton prices.
Companies will accelerate the development and layout of the “one-way” strategic belt, continue to strengthen market promotion and deepen market distribution networks, consolidate and enhance the dominance of the base market and the presence of emerging markets. 3) Looking ahead, as corporate channels are continuously promoted to regularize the management and de-store of stocks,
The overall pipeline stock level is expected to decrease gradually; and the overall profit end is expected to continue to grow steadily with the continued release of the cost-end dividend. With the company coming in light from next year, sustained growth in future performance is to be expected.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.