The sharp rebound resulted in a net profit of 3q24 falling short of expectations. ... The profit-making trend of product • gradually weakened, maintaining the “holding” rating of the blisters: we believe that the short-term performance of the blisters faces the following challenges: (1) overall sales continue to be weak, and sales decline by the same margin is greater than the main.
Competing, (2) weak growth in prices above the mid-end and above has prevented product structural upgrading, (3) short-term post-sale costs have pushed the profit margin. Based on 3q24 performance, we have been more cautious about the prospect of high-end green beaming, and have adjusted the revenue and surplus for 2024-2026 as appropriate.
The valuation of v/ebitda (the 20% discount on the Chinese beer target), we did less than we expected: the net profit of 3q24 at home was down 9.0% on a year-on-year basis, and the same income and cost of sales rebounded significantly. As we pointed out earlier, under the consumption power of the beer market,
The fall in sales costs of 1h24 is unsustainable in the face of falling industry competition, and the rebound in sales costs of 3q24 confirms our judgement. Fortunately, 3q24 experienced a 6.8% increase in cash flow and a 25% increase in net cash (an increase of 10% at the beginning of the year).
• The product structure of the main brand faces a challenge: the overall sales volume of broom 3q24 fell by 5.1% on a year-on-year basis, meeting our expectations. After 2q24, the average sales unit price fell again (minimum).
The sales volume of the Qingdao beer brand 3q24 fell by 4.1% on a year-on-year basis and by 6.3% less than the sales of the Qingshan beers. However, the sales of medium- and high-end products in the master card fell by 4.7% on a year-on-year basis, more than the overall sales of the Qingdao brand.
The effect of a small drop in average unit price due to the build-up of product structure, with a 3q24 Māori ratio expanding by 1.2 ppt compared to the previous two quarters.
The sales cost of blisters 3q24 increased by 14% from year to year, and the sales rate increased by the same from year to year. The total market value (million yuan) of 2.4 ppt was mainly due to the shift in the company’s sales costs.
The average turnover on March (million yuan) • investment risk: 1) the price of raw materials rose faster than expected: 2) the increase in mid-end high-end beer was slower than the rate of exposure to Pui Jin International studies
Analysis and Forecasting of Financial Statements - Aoshima's Beer, Pyo Yingji International Spdbi Optimistic and Pessimistic Scenarios - (168.hk)
Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability are growing less than expected
Promising and pessimistic scenario -- (600600.ch) Pessimistic scenario: corporate income and profitability increase less than expected
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]