Qingdao's three-quarter beer published in 2024 and earned $28,959 million in business income in the first three quarters of 2024.
Net profit of $4.686 billion, +1.96 per cent. Total operating income of $8.891 billion in the third quarter, equal to 5.28 per cent; net profit of $1,348 million, equal to 9.03 per cent; net profit of the third quarter, net profit of non-mortality, still declining, mainly due to low demand in the beer consumption market.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, beer production in businesses above the country’s size declined in the third quarter, compared to the median. Sub-products, Qingdao is poorly constructed.
The third quarter saw an increase in sales costs and a change in net interest rates to the same level. The third quarter Māori ratio +1.2 pct, which benefited mainly from the drop in raw material costs this year; the sales rate +2.4 pct, which consisted mainly of company promotions and market promotions to respond to low demand. The third quarter net interest rate is the same ratio as the third quarter.
Companies maintain high-end strategic fixation, focus on the quality of long-term growth, and wait for demand to improve. This year, the beer industry faces the test of low consumption demand, and the lack of consumption scenes like catering, nighttime, etc.
The corporate strategy continues to promote product innovation and structural upgrading, while promoting Qingjia brands and Qingshan brands, while accelerating the development of fine slurry, crystal pure high-end products and introducing a fresh direct delivery model.
This year, the company also focused more on the quality of growth, control of pipeline stocks, and upgrading of end-end products, and looks forward to an improvement in product marketing next year. Qingdao Beer (60000.sh) – a drop in sales in the second quarter.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Actively ready to sell in the season, improved sales in the second half of the year Core product channels are expanding less than expected; industry competition is increasing; higher costs are higher than expected. Qingdao Beers (600.sh) — high base suppression increases in sales, lower-cost dividends
Profit predictions and investment proposals: Given the continuing pressure on demand in the current environment, we adjust our profit projections downward: Qingdao beer (600600.sh) - structural upgradability highlights, basic red scale mentioned Qingdao beer (600.sh) Quarterly tri-point evaluation 2023: three-quarter architecture optimization
Full and brand power is at the forefront of the industry, with strong support for growth in medium- and long-term performance, and companies are increasing their share-sharing rates to enhance shareholder returns and maintain a “better than the big city” rating. Qingdao's three-quarterly report of 2024 was published, with a gross operating income of $28,959 million in the first three quarters of 2024, compared to the previous quarter.
6.52%; net return to the mother of $4,990 million, or +167%; net profit to the non-mother of $4,686 million, with sales falling in the third quarter, mainly due to low demand in the beer consumption market. For sales, sales in the third quarter were equal to 5.11%, mainly due to low demand in the beer consumption market. According to the National Statistical Office, the third quarter was nationwide.
By sub-product, Qingdao's brand sales are equal to -4.15 per cent, of which -454 per cent are at the middle and upper end; other brand sales are influenced by a contraction in mid- and lower-end market capacity, companies are willing to adjust the product structure, which is larger (-63.4 per cent) than in the third quarter.
In the third quarter, however, 1,000 litres of alcohol earned less than in the second quarter of the second quarter, with net interest rates shifting to lower than in the third quarter. In the third quarter, the Māori rate increased by the same year +1.2 pct, benefiting mainly from the lower cost of raw materials this year; and in the same year +2.4 pct, the sales cost increased by companies and markets.
Companies maintain high-end strategic fixation, focus on the quality of long-term growth, and wait for demand to improve. This year, the beer industry faces the test of low demand for consumption, and the lack of consumption scenes such as catering, nighttime, etc. is holding back the high-end process of the beer industry.
The company’s strategy continues to promote product innovation and structural upgrading, while promoting Qingdao’s brands and Qingshan brands, while accelerating the cultivation of fine products, pure crystals and high-end products, and introducing a fresh direct delivery model to match current consumption preferences. This year, the company is also focusing more on growth.
Quality, control of pipeline stocks, and upgrading of end-products are expected to improve next year’s marketing and marketing performance. Markets have a strong competitive edge, product coverage is comprehensive, brand power is in the forefront of the industry, and growth in medium- and long-term performance is still strongly supported, with companies increasing their dividends to enhance shareholder returns, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Macroeconomic growth is slower than expected; demand for beer at the mid-to-high end is not growing as expected; and corporate core product channels are expanding less than expected: increased industry competition: higher costs are higher than expected.
Figure 4: Changes in the single-quarter net profit margin The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future