New products plus high-end customers double-dix, transition period slowdown does not affect long-term high-growth logic.
The reasons for the projected decline in São Paulo's performance in the fourth quarter are two:1) the temporary slowdown in the demand for downstream terminals as a result of three quarters of trade sentiment: 2)
During the transition period (a gradual shift from low-māori to high-end clients of high-māori-rate products), low-māori product guides, which were abandoned earlier, high-end clients in Saint-Pay will gradually improve corporate performance in the second half of the year. > Trade-fence has opened up markets for high-end customers, with existing products certified well by new customers. >
Simultaneous chips are called “blood in an age of informatization” and, although more used, are less valuable in end-products. Prior to the trade war, domestic terminal manufacturers did not have much incentive to substitute for national production of simulation chips.
In the aftermath of the trade war, end-users introduced their own domestic chip companies for strategic reasons, and St. Paul, as the country’s most full-line analog chip company, has been certified in many large clients in the third quarter of 18 years, with a clear impact on company performance expected after the second half of 19 years. The continued release of existing products among high-end customers is expected to have a positive long-term impact on performance.
New São Paulo high-unit products have been validated and are expected to be released on a continuous basis in 19-20: unlike most model chip manufacturers in the country, all model chip products in the State are system-oriented, and in recent years have been developing products with long R&D cycles, high unit prices, long life cycle high-end simulations. Through the development of high-moric simulation chip products, companies have gradually increased their distance from domestic competitors.
The company has recently obtained multiple high-end simulation chip certifications among its clients (the unit price is several times higher than average) and is expected to start in the second half of 19 and contribute significantly to its performance over 20 years. The company continues to invest more in R & D, enrich the R & D architecture, and accelerate the gap between the local model chip manufacturers:
For the simulation chip company, the future growth of the company depends on the expansion of the number of products, and only if there are more and more complete lines of products that will be competitively neutral in the future. In response to this objective, the company has increased its R & D inputs since its listing, with a higher share of R & D revenues than ever before.
In addition to this, companies have continued their tradition since their inception, actively attracting home-to-country and off-shore simulators. Since their listing, companies have become more attractive to sea-to-sea simulators, and many highly experienced overseas simulators have joined the State, bringing together the company’s research and development capabilities.
In combination with these three advantages, we strongly recommend billions, $119 million, and $233 million, corresponding to 53, 46, and 23 times, respectively. Keeping “very recommended” ratings.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing for the research assistant Liu Huixia
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.