It's obvious that the cost of energy (600,989.sh) is rising at a very high price to boost profitable growth, and the expansion of productive capacity guarantees long-term development.
Newly produced energy is released, the prices of polyolefins are warming, the prices of polyolefins are rising, and the prices of raw materials are falling, contributing to higher profits. During the year, the company’s in-house production is expected to double its capacity, expand at the bottom of the cycle, step up its cost and size advantages, and keep the “buy-in” rating in view of the company’s long-term growth.
Energy release-driven sales, price recovery and higher profits: 2024q2 company revenue and performance relative to ring growth, driven mainly by the release of new capacity and the warming of the price of the main business product. In September 2323, the C.S. Ningdong three-phase coal-based hydrocarbon project was launched, adding 900,000 tonnes/year of polyethylene and polypropene production.
In addition, the price of polyolefins, the main product of q2 companies, has been warmed up, and the company has increased the price of polyolefins by a double ring ratio. The average sale price of polyethylene in 02 is $8463/ton, yoy+6.02 per cent, qoq+3.55 per cent; the average price of polypropene is 7418/ton.
The product mix goesq + 5.77%. In July, the price of polyvinylene was almost equal to q2 and the price of polypropylene and coke slightly increased, but the price of fine chemical products such as pure benzene, retrofitted asphalt, mtbe, etc. was lower than the price of q2.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a. Prices of raw materials have fallen and profits have been restored: prices of the company's main raw materials have decreased on a year-on-year basis in 24 years.
Larger, company profits are restored. The average price of coal powered by the main raw materials of 2024q2 has fallen by $714/price, the price differential for polyfins has increased, and the company’s profits have been repaired. In July, while coal has been in use, the rain has been strong this year, the coal price has been almost equal to q2 and the cost of q3 is expected to be equal.
Energy is still being released, with long-term growth: the company ' s 2.6 million tonnes/year coal-based and 400,000 tonnes/year green hydrogen-coupled hydrocarbons project is expected to start production within the year. The interior is the largest single plant in the world.
Hydrocarbons projects, with a total investment of $47,811 million. Currently, the company has 2.1 million tons of polyolefins, and 3 million tons of intramons after delivery, the company will double its production capacity. And the new pre-production capacity will further reduce costs and energy consumption, and consolidate the company’s cost of moating the river.
Profit projections: We maintain profit projections, with companies expected to achieve net profits by 2024/2025/2026, intensive investment periods, looking at long-term development and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.