The basic chemical industry has been operating steadily for a long time, and the cost advantage continues to be released, of which q2 has achieved a revenue of $8.670 billion, an increase of 36.39 per cent over the same period; and a net return to the mother.
The second quarter is steady, the product is running at a high load, and the low-cost advantage is maintained.
On the other hand, there has been a slight improvement in the profitability of the coke chain.
Depreciation of products is maintained at a relatively low level.
The fall in coal prices in the second quarter, the rise in the price of acrylic hydrocarbons, and the sharp increase in the price differentials of the products.
Coal prices were about $17/ton below, slightly reducing the cost of production of coal-based maleic hydrocarbons, while Brent crude oil prices were raised by about 2 per cent, leading companies to increase the price of single-ton polyolefins by about 4 per cent, the price difference was magnified and the value-added products were launched.
Growth, leading to a significant improvement in profitability. The overall Māori rate for the company in the second quarter was about 38.23 per cent, compared to 28.72 per cent for the ring in the first quarter. 3 million tons of AFOs from the Inner Moon base were phased in four quarters, and 4 million tons of AFOs from the Xinjiang base.
The company's 3 million tons of bronze project has already been invested in cash and will start pilot production next year, bringing the company's production to a new level.
Priority construction projects such as ethylene acetate are moving forward in an orderly manner, and the Ningdong tetrachloroethylene project is being prepared in the lead-up to the launch of the full-scale launch of the project, which will lead to an increase in the value added of the existing production lines through the planning of the new project, in an effort to achieve a sustainable growth space.
The launch of the first EAC was followed by a sustained drive, but companies still have the space for future sustainability.
High volatility in raw material prices; overcapacity and increased competition; demand below expected risk; more services to sweep; more services to sweep; and more services to sweep.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market