Polyolefins have increased their prices, and the performance of the coal-based acetylene taps has increased significantly - the Pyramid Energy (600989.sh) incident assessment report; Pyramid Energy has published semi-annual reports and achieved operating income in the first half of 2024.
16,897 million yuan, an increase of 29.09 per cent in the same year, and 3,305 million yuan in the net return, an increase of 46.44 per cent in the same year. Of this amount, 24q2 won 870 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 36.39 per cent in the same year and 5.39 per cent in the ring.
The significant increase in the profitability of polyolefins, which is the main reason for the significant increase in earnings and profits achieved by the company in the first half of the year, benefited from the launch of the Ningdong 3 stage coal hydrocarbons project in 2023 in the first half of 2024.
The company ' s main product, polyolefins, was 12.27 million tons, an increase of 87 per cent over the same period, while the price of coal, the main feedstock, fell in the first half of the year, with the market for 5,500 karaoke coal, for example, at an average price of $658 per ton in the first half of the year, compared to 1.7 per cent in the same year.
The price of polyolefins has increased, supported by costs such as higher crude oil prices, polyethylene /tonne, +2.6 per cent of the year, and the price differential for the company ' s main product polyfins has been further increased.
Growth in performance, with greater certainty of medium- and long-term growth Innermont Project I initiated construction, with a possible future growth space for companies: 2023, with the company Ningdong Three Coal Hydrocarbons and Co-C2-c5 and Mixed Hydrocarbons.
In production, the project is the first global project using 1 million tonnes of Class Dmto devices at the Central Institute of Science and Technology, adding 1.5 million tonnes/year of methanol, 1 million tonnes/year of new HC, new polyethylene and polypropylene production.
900,000 tonnes/year. The first boiler was set on fire at the end of June this year, the first series of polyolefin products is expected to be produced in October, and the full-line process will be introduced by the end of 2024, and the post-natal project will be an important support for the growth of company performance in the medium and long term.
Keeping technology ahead, accelerating the deployment and storage of new technologies, accelerating the scaling up of core technology R & D innovations, investing actively in R & D resources, with 740 million yuan in R & D in the first half of the year, of which $342 million was generated, to be taken into account in research.
The cost has increased by 398 million yuan, compared to the same year, and research has been directed towards maintaining coal-based enzymes, leading the technology of hydrocarbons, new production of the luminous-voltaic phase, and a solution to break through new chemical materials.
The company ' s two-peak high-end polyethylene products, plough gold, polyethylene products, and three-phases produce 250,000 tonnes of high-end products.
The company, as a domestic coal-based node, benefits from increased profitability due to the spread of oil and coal prices and increased performance due to the introduction of new projects.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; windfall demand below expectations; corporate profitability projections (millions of dollars)
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.