Xinjiang Project Launch EVA: Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Event II: 30 July, based on Xinjiang National Network of Economic Technology Development Districts, Xinjiang Po
Compared to the firm’s 300-deep trend by 1 million tonnes/year of methanol-based hydrocarbons and downstream devices.
In volume, based on business data disclosed by the company, the production/distribution of coke + 5.72/+44 million tonnes, the production/distribution of polyvinyl hydrocarbons (polyethylene and polypropylene combinations) + 2.04/+214,000 tonnes, with a slight increase in the ring ratio. In price differentials, the coke is weak and strong, starting in mid-April.
Uplifting, with a slight repair and a limited rebound, the company took advantage of the price advantage of the frontier coal, increased the amount of coal purchased at the border and increased the cap on coal blending in the middle of the gasification unit through technological optimization, effectively reducing the combined cost of coal entering the furnace. In the first half of 2024, the company purchased the frontier coal for the use of the acetylene hydrocarbons.
The share of coal rose by almost 7 percentage points compared to 2023. Polyolefin plates, repairs to polyene installations in the country in the second quarter, and weather reasons led to a contraction in supply, supply and demand, and a marked increase in the price difference. We believe that the oil and coal ratio will remain high throughout 2024, and that after the landfall of the Inner Mongolia Project,
The impact of the highly volatile focal block on the company’s overall profitability will be reduced, helping to strengthen the profitability of the near landing of the Inner Mongolia phase of the Xinjiang project, which has been launched by the Xinjiang project.
By May 2024, the Inner Mon Company completed its loan operations to secure the follow-up funding requirements for the construction of the Inner Mon Project; as at the date of the semi-annual report, 70 per cent of the investment in the Inner Mon Project had been made available.
The first major milestone in the project's pilot vehicle work will be put into production in October, as planned. The Inner Moon project will provide the company with greater profitability, with performance on the new steps since 2024. In addition, the company will move ahead with priority construction projects such as needle-shaped coke and acetic ethylene, Ningdong, in an orderly manner.
1. Four-quarter profit ring upgrades to allow for streamlined control of the full start of the preparatory work for the tetraoles project. 2. High-oil coal has a significant cost advantage, i.e., i.i.
The Xinjiang Coal Hydrocarbons project was launched. On July 30, 2024, the Xinjiang Bo Fung Coal-based New Materials project launched an Xinjiang Environmental Assessment, which included 4 x 2.8 million tonnes/year methanol, 4 x 1 million tonnes/ 3. Coalification tap performance, extended the Immon Project.
Methanol-based hydrocarbons, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year pp, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/yearpe, 250,000 tonnes/year 1-butylene, 30,000 tonnes/year ultra-high molecular polyethylene, 250,000 tonnes/yeareva, 50,000 tonnes/year mma/pmma, etc.
Taking into account the recent overhaul of the company's three-phased project in Ningdong, the company's increase in the share of coal purchases in the country, and the fact that the construction of new projects at double-focal prices has not progressed as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.