It's obvious that the energy source (600,989.sh) is a source of revenue, and the cost controls the increase in profits.
Newly produced energy is released, the prices of polyolefins are warming, the prices of polyolefins are rising, and the prices of raw materials are falling, contributing to higher profits. During the year, the company’s in-house production is expected to double its capacity, expand at the bottom of the cycle, step up its cost and size advantages, and keep the “buy-in” rating in view of the company’s long-term growth.
Rapid release of capacity, leading to growth in sales: Growth in corporate revenue and performance in the first half of 2024, driven mainly by the release of new capacity and higher price differentials in primary products.
The sales of polyolefins increased by the same amount; the production capacity of 250,000 tonnes was released in February 24, further increasing the value added of the company ' s products. The sales of polyethylenes by H1 increased by 68.4 billion yuan in 24 years. The company then produced 2.6 million tonnes per year of coal and 400,000 tonnes per year of green hydrogen coupons.
The Cyclops project is expected to start production during the year. The first power plant of the project, the 1# boiler, went well on July 1st.
Pilot production is planned for October. The company is in a period of intensive energy release, and after the birth of the Inner Mon Project, the company’s polyolefin production capacity will be doubled from 2.2 million tons to 5.2 million tons. The release of new energy will further reduce the company’s costs and energy consumption and deepen the cost of protecting the river.
Institutional investors as a share of circulation a. Prices of polyolefins warmed slightly, looking at the q2 season: a slight increase in the price of polyolefins for the company's main product, a fall in the price of coal, a fall in the price of raw materials, a rise in the company's Māori ratio.
The q2 Māori rate rose by 38.23 per cent from the same year. According to company operating data, the average sale price for q2 polyethylene was $7302/t, yoy+3.8 per cent, qoq+5.5 per cent, polypropylene averaged 6795/t, yoy+2.1 per cent, qoq+4.2 per cent, and coke q2 averaged 1386/t.
The price of raw materials has fallen, pushing the Maori rate up: at the end of the raw materials, the price of coal has declined over the last year, and companies have increased their share of cheap border coal in the extraction of imported coal, further lowering costs.
The average price of coal purchased from the main raw materials for gasification is 562 yuan/tonne, voy-15.5%.
Profit projections: We maintain profit projections, with companies expected to achieve net profits by 2024/2025/2026, intensive investment periods, looking for long-term development and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.