Two-quarter profit and ring increases, polyolefin prices rise, basic chemical and chemical materials rise mainly due to increased sales of polyolefins after expansion of production capacity, and the price of the aromatic hydrocarbons is supported by oil prices and oil prices.
The price increases due to a contraction in supply in the second quarter. Māori/net profit sales in the second quarter of 2024 The sales and prices of the company ' s main product, polyolefins, increased on a par. The Ningdong 3 issue of 1 million tons of broths contributed to the increase in production capacity, and the sales of corporate polyfins increased on an equal basis in the second quarter of 2024.
The price of polyolefins is higher than the price of the ring. Prices of polyolefins are higher in one quarter, mainly due to a 52-week price increase in crude oil/minimum price transfer; prices of polyolefins in the second quarter continue their upward trend and are subject to cost support factors.
The demand for coke continues to be stressed. The sales of corporate coke in the second quarter of 2024 dropped slightly by the same year and the ring increased by the same year. The price of coke sales fell by the same year, mainly due to downstream demand.
In the first half of 2024, the company's main raw materials, gasification materials, coal/corrosed coal/power coal, were purchased at an average unit price of $561/115/428.
Tons, 16%/- 13%/- 18%. Current summer temperatures support coal demand, followed by lower power coal prices, or will be pressured. The market for coal downstream steel is in a low season, and the expected increase in the added value of the acetylene from the expected evada in the short term.
Launched in the first half of the year, and completed the transition from bubble-blowing to photovoltaic production, producing qualified light.
The Xinjiang Xinjiang project was made public on 1 July 2024.
On 30 July 2024, Xinjiang's new coal-based materials, Ltd.
Environmental impact evaluation of the Cycling Coupled-Into Green Low Carbon Chemicals and New Materials Demonstration Project for Environmental Impact Assessments for Public Participation in The Treasure Energy (600989.sh)-Recovery of Coal-based Hydrocarbons, New Project Growing Up and First Public Notice, which includes methanol, polyethylene, polypropylene, 1-butylene, ultra-high molecules
At the same time, the company has its own coal mine to build a solid profit base. We maintain the company ' s net profit for the period 2024-2026 as compared to 33% and the net profit for non-mortality as against 2.03 billion yuan (compared to 76% and the ring + 37%).
Increased sales of polyolefins after expansion of capacity, supported by oil prices and a contraction in supply in the second quarter, figure 1: Business income for the first quarter of bountiful energy (billions) Figure 2: Net profit from the first quarter of bountiful energy (billions)
Figure 3: Quarterly Māori, Net Interest Rate, Figure 4: Quarterly Sales, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Increases in sales and prices of company-owned PFOs.
The average non-taxed sale price of polyethylene/polypropylene was 7302/6795 yuan (+4 per cent/+2 per cent for the same period, and +5 per cent/+4 per cent for the same period). The price of polyolefins was higher in one quarter, mainly as a result of transmission of the rise in the price of crude oil; the price of polyolefins continued to increase and was concentrated in domestic polyolefins, in addition to cost-support factors, in products.
The average non-taxed sales price is $1386 per ton (+1 per cent year-on-year, ring ratio - 10 per cent). The sales volume of coke is lower by the same year, and prices fall by the ring ratio, mainly because of downstream demand pressure, downside risks for new start-up areas in real estate, a contraction in steel profits, and a loss in some independent cokering enterprises.
Figure 5: Distribution of PET (tonnes) and Figure 6: Sales of PET (tonnes)
Coal prices have fallen in relation to the ring; Mongolia’s coker site is estimated to cost US$1,259/t (year + 19%, ring ratio - 11%). Currently, coal demand is supported by high temperatures in the summer, and subsequent power coal prices will be pressured when electricity demand drops. The market for coal downstream steel is in a low season and is expected to remain weak in the short term.
The 250,000 tonnes/year-oldeva device attached to Ningdong's tributylene project was successfully put into production during the first half of the year and completed the transition from foam to photovoltaic production, producing qualified photovoltaic-gradeeva products to design production capacity, effectively increasing the value added of corporate yetene products.
In the case of the Xinjiang project, the funding package for the Xinjiang project was completed in May 2024, which guaranteed follow-up funding for the construction of the project; in the case of the Xinjiang project, 70% of the investment was made.
On July 30, 2024, Xinjiang's new coal-based materials were limited, the company's clean and efficient coal conversion coupons were installed into the environmental impact assessment of the Green Hydrogen Low Carbon Chemical and New Materials Demonstration Project, with the participation of the public for the first time.
Ten thousand tonnes/year methanol, 4.1 million tonnes/year polyolefin separation, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 3 x 650,000 tonnes/tonne/year ultra-high molecular polyethylene device, 1 250,000 tonnes/yeareva device, 1 50,000 tonnes/year mma/pma device and accompanying public engineering, ancillary engineering and storage facilities.
The project to upgrade the technology for the extraction of platinum, the production of the crude benzene, the development of priority construction projects such as needle-shaped coke, acetic ethylene, etc., the preparatory work for the Ningdong tetraole is fully under way. The division builds a solid profit base for its own coal mine.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject