The year of high-growth performance began with the embrace of vaccine innovation.
This report is the second inch of our vaccine industry, and in the first, we're the entire vaccine, s14,05,160,0001.
The logic and trends of investment in the new era of industry are described in a corporate in-depth report on smart-flying organisms. The company, which we continue to strongly recommend, has been the first private vaccine firm to start a business since the first in-depth year, and has developed over the years, “Sale + R & D + layout.”
The advantage is clear, and the combined strength is strong. Seventeen years is the year of corporate performance, with lines of business going on and going good, with heavy-pound products, ac-hib, 4-priced Hpv, 5-priced Rotavirus vaccine, preventive microcards and diagnostic reagents all going to be phased in, corresponding to what we now think is the company's intrinsic value.
The core product, ac-hib, will continue to be released. Following the vaccine event, the trend towards the replacement of single seedlings and the annual increase in the number of newborns and the consistency of the population’s awareness of vaccinations has led to the emergence of three seedlings.
The ac-hib outbreak, which is evident, is 17 years of total sales of around 4 million vaccines, 18 years of exclusive Hpv vaccine, sharing the country’s hundreds of millions of markets with Mercerton.
Co-operation with the American Year of Health to open up the domestic adult vaccine market. (3) Re-signing the agency contract to highlight corporate sales confidence. (4) Basic purchases provide security margins. (5) Sales team continues with the 3-quarterly review of the Twilight Biology (300122): Niezheng reborn.
In February of 17, Mossathon's five-priced vaccine was launched in the high-growth year, with a strong expectation that the company's future outbreak would be more effective than the single-priced rotation protection of the Land State, where we expect it to be on the market.
Three-quarterly Tri-quarterly report: Three-quarters report keeps up with high growth and a strong look at the company's future.
Market space is expected to be at a level of 1 billion. The smart-flying organisms (300122) report an evaluation: high-speed growth in performance, diagnosing reagents for the heavy-pound product ec, and preventive microcards.
The advance assessment in the Smart Flying Organisms (300122): it's hard to tell, the company has built a whole closed loop system for tuberculosis, and the cost of ec diagnostic reagents will be significantly reduced in the future, and will be used for large-scale screening; preventive microcards are the only nodules in the world that enter clinical iii phase.
Two products were approved, and 100 billion blue sea markets will be shared in the future.
The company's profit forecast and investment rating. The company is the most aggressive company after the vaccine, and the agent's product is heavy, with a large variety of potentials, and a good R & D pipeline stock is expected to continue in the future.
In view of the existing marketed varieties, the company's net return profits for 17-19 years, the source of financial growth in the East, has reached the end of the clinical process, with anti-tuberculosis vaccines, 23-price pneumonia, double-body rabies, and so on.
Clinical trials are under way, and we're using the dcf model for future listings, which is 100 million yuan, which corresponds to 49% of the space available. The company continues to be given a “strongly recommended” rating.
Corporate investment logic: Elements of investment: strong combined strength, core product release, rich R & D pipelines, large proxy products, potential varieties to be declared, other areas of biopharmaceutical expansion
The company's deep-farm vaccine industry has been strong for years. In 2002, it entered the vaccine industry, and in 10 years it became the first private vaccine firm to start a business. After many years of development, the “sales + R & D + layout” has a clear advantage, and the combined strength has been strong.17 The year was the year of company performance, with business lines continuing to improve, with heavy pounds of products, ac-hib, 4-priced hpv.
Vaccines, pentavalent virus vaccines, preventive microcards and diagnostic reagents will be phased in and will continue to be strongly recommended!
There are no more than 40 domestic vaccine producers, of which there are more single-species enterprises, more homogenous products, and few firms with the power and ability to develop large varieties of research and development, so the large products must be on the market in a very competitive way.
Second, the policy environment is conducive to the rapid release of vaccines. In the current domestic environment, vaccines are tendered (mostly on a yearly basis, new varieties have the opportunity to supplement them), price reductions (price stability, especially large varieties, low pressure from producers) and health insurance costs (vaccine prices are low, two) compared to the same drugs.
In the end, ev71 can be considered the first shot of a new era of vaccine, three companies.
Industry is expected to sell 2.5 billion dollars in the second incomplete sale year, and the size and speed of the market for large vaccine products will undermine investors’ understanding of the magnitude and timing of general drug sales. Changes in circulation patterns, multi-product marketing, and the competitiveness of the corporate sector.
The pattern has changed significantly, with vaccine-producing companies facing a shift in marketing patterns that will significantly increase their own channels, as well as the costs associated with the distribution chain, the share of many of the small production markets in which the industry is shuffling, and Ji-feng, which is directly controlled by the use of direct sales teams in most of his own region.
After the establishment of the provincial tender platform, the Department's ability to compete in the industry has improved. In 17 years, the company re-signed the 23-price contract with Mercerton for pneumonia and hepatitis A vaccine agent, the four-priced Hpv vaccine started to be sold, and the multi-product market was also marketed to the company.
3. The core product ac-hib will continue to be released. Following the vaccine event, the trend of multiple seedlings replacing single seedlings and the increase in the number of newborns per year and the consistency of the population’s awareness of vaccinations, the three seedlings ac-hib erupted.
It's obvious that 17 years of sales are around 4 million, and 18 years of sales are expected to reach 6 million, with a unit price of $220 per cent for Eastern financial and intellectual excellence, and 1.3 billion in 18 years for the three seedlings, and we anticipate a peak in sales of the three seedlings in the future.
More than 10 million units. 4. Research and development pipelines are rich and provide an incentive for sustained development in the coming years.
At the same time, there has been a steady increase in R & D investment, the establishment of its own R & D system, and the gradual development of a single marketing system with a strong enterprise as a two-wheel drive for marketing + R & D, which is now concentrated in the R & D pipeline, including preventive microcards, ec diagnostic reagents, frozen dry reorganization combined with vaccines, 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccines, 15-priced vaccines.
Pneumonia combined with heavy-pound varieties such as vaccines, double rabies, and ev71 vaccines, will be marketed over the next few years to provide an incentive for sustained development. The exclusive agent, Hpv vaccine, shares the country’s hundreds of millions of markets with Mercerton.
The company quickly received the first four-priced Hpv vaccine award in each province, while work continued in the other provinces.
(2) Working with American Health to open up the domestic market for adult vaccines. The company has signed a strategic agreement with American Health to explore the domestic market for adult vaccines in synergy with one another, taking advantage of Year ' s health flows and flow advantages, and will contribute significantly to the marketing of Hpv vaccines in the country, while using health data in the future to refine the vaccine.
Market dynamics, R & D, production, and marketing will greatly improve the competitiveness of companies! (3) Resigning agency contracts to show confidence in the company's sales. Signing a supplementary agreement to end the procurement year for the four-priced hpv. There has been a marked increase in the amount of procurement for the “3+2” agency contracts signed over 12 years and an extension.
The firm’s confidence in the future Hpv sales is demonstrated by a clear procurement period. (4) Basic purchases provide a secure margin. 17 years of base purchases (5) continue to expand as a result of the issuance of a grant at the end of the seventeenth year.
The company is currently actively expanding its workforce to increase coverage and control of end-of-life vaccination sites, and the future roll-out of the Hpv vaccine will create a professional academic outreach team.
The procedure, recently approved, is an approximate event, expected to be on the market in about 18 years. The price of a five-priced mercantile virus, a live vaccine to detoxify the virus, is much more significant than the one-rate rotational protection in Lanzhou, and we expect it to be five, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Once the wheels are on the market, the powerful marketing capacity of the superb smart-flying organisms will quickly take over the market for single-priced rota vaccines, which we expect to be on a scale of 1 billion in the future. 6. The heavy weight product, the ec diagnostic reagents and the preventive microcards, will be declared.
The Division has developed an integrated tuberculosis treatment closed loop, and the cost of developing ec diagnostic reagents will be significantly reduced in the future and will be available for large-scale screening. Preventive microcards are the only tuberculosis vaccine in the world that enters the clinical iii phase, filling the gap in the adult-combined vaccine market, with a potentially large market size. Both products will be declared for production in the near future.
7. To expand other biopharmaceutical fields, the Unit has established a smart investment in the development of promising biotechnology and products, in the development of research and development, and in the future, when the technology or product in question matures, it will inject the opportunity into the public company.
Car-t, which is now being laid out in a number of areas, such as cellular immunotherapy, diabetes, monoclonal antibodies, is a strong indicator of the company's future development in 18 years, and we believe that the outbreak growth following the low level of vaccine activity is only the starting point, and that the high rate of growth will continue to be strongly recommended in the coming years.
2. Ingenuity — Deep Farming Vaccine Industry for many years, combined strength for 2.1 Vaccine Industry for many years, biopharmaceuticals
The company entered the vaccine industry in 2002 and became the first private vaccine firm to be listed on the business board in September 2010. With years of reserves in the industry, the company has evolved into a high-tech company with strong vaccine research and development, large-scale production and a wide chain of biological products, with five wholly-owned subsidiaries and one holding company.
And one of the participating subsidiaries, the Chairman, Mr. Jiang In-sheng, and his co-activists hold a share of the company’s five fully-owned subsidiaries, which are the heart of the company’s current vaccine industry.
The products include hib vaccine, ac-hib vaccine, etc.; Chi Feilongcoma is mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of anti-tuberculosis biological products and viral vaccines such as anti-rabies virus, influenza virus, etc., with heavy weighting on pounds, including preventive microcards, adult tuberculosis vaccine, etc.; Chongqing Ji-min, Ji Fei Hong Kong and Xiaofeng Port are mainly involved in the promotion of biological products.
The company invested 40 million yuan in biopharmaceuticals and 10 per cent of the shares, which were financed by the controlling shareholders, 360 million yuan in individual shares, and created smart investments to increase the distribution of biopharmaceuticals.
In November 2015, with the support of the government, a smart biopharmaceuticals estate was established, which now includes research and development incubators and antibodies.
The company actually controls Jiang In-sheng and undertakes to transfer research and development products into the clinical iii phase or to obtain a new pharmaceutical certificate, giving priority to listed companies at fair prices. It is expected that, after three to five years of development, the relevant platform resources will be realized.
Industrialization, expansion of the company's biopharmaceuticals field, and future smart-flying organisms will be a leading conduit, including the vaccine industry, that will create market barriers and enhance the importance of the future dual swords in the layout of the R&D pipeline.
Rich, slowly putting product centres and sales into their own products. The company’s product structure has changed in recent years, with a gradual reduction in domestic product agency operations, which remain focused on international heavy weight products, and a growing corporate focus on high Maori autonomous products, which has led to a significant increase in corporate profitability, especially after the Shandong vaccine outbreak.
In the future, companies will gradually abandon domestic product agents and focus on research and development and market operations for their own products. Figure 2: Changes in corporate agent and autonomous product income ratios
The main product lines are: ac-hib vaccine, ac-combined vaccine, b-blooded haemophilus influenzae vaccine, acyw cerebral glucose vaccine and therapeutic microcards, and a large amount of heavy-pound products have been accumulated in the development of pipelines, including preventive microcards, 15-priced pneumonia, etc.
As the company ' s main product, ac-hib will continue to be released over the last three years, leading to high growth in company performance.
Companies are increasing their R & D inputs. In recent years, they have been increasing their product R & D inputs, focusing on product R & D, and even in the case of Shandong vaccines, the company has been greatly affected at the end of income and profit, and R & D investments have reached 75 million yuan, roughly equivalent to 15 years.
After years of research and development, the Department’s heavy weight products, ac-hib, have been marketed and have contributed significantly to company performance. Research and development of high-weight varieties, such as preventive microcards, ec diagnostic reagents, and five-priced rotavirus vaccines (Meshadoon), have been completed.
During the bed iii period, which is currently at the stage of blinding, it is expected to be declared in the near future; other varieties, including 23 valents of pneumonia, refrigerated dryness, tuberculosis vaccine, 15 valent combination of pneumonia vaccine, double rabies vaccine, acyw 135 cerebral cerebral combination vaccine, etc., have also received or are in the process of being clinically completed in the coming years.
Bed tests, marketing. The company has built up a good R & D pipeline stock, which is a source of high growth in the coming years. Table 2: The company's R & D main product
2.3 The impact of the vaccine incident subsides, the company's high growth has erupted, the flow chain has changed, the vaccine industry has been reshaped. The vaccine incident has broken out, and a new version of the circulation regulations have been issued.
In the wake of the incident, the State Council attached great importance to the need for the Directorate-General for Drugs and Pharmacology, the Committee for Health Planning and the Ministry of Public Security to ensure greater coordination and to investigate thoroughly the flow and use of “problem vaccines” and, at the same time, to press ahead.