The product-to-manufacturing market, with its performance rising in volume, Jodhji, the vaccine industry began to appear and the industry entered a period of rapid growth: 2017, with the country on the road.
In mid-2017, the Hpv vaccine was put on the national market, and new products such as 13-price pneumococcals and five-priced rota vaccines will be introduced in the future, and the vaccine industry will be on the market.
The four-price hpv vaccine market gap is large and is expected to increase in the outbreak: the four-price disease in Mercado is sold through the sole agent of the smart-flying creature, and the parties have signed a purchase plan. By February 2018, 92.7 million vaccines were issued for the four-priced vaccine. We believe that the company is 2018.
Revenue from the sale of a four-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to reach $3 billion a year, at about 3.5 million. ac-hib is in a period of high growth and further contributes to the company ' s profits: in 2017, the bulk of ac-hib vaccine batches amounted to 4.7 million, which is the main increase in corporate revenue.
Drivers. The ac-hib vaccine can replace multiple single vaccines, with a total dose of 8 to 4 doses. The country has an additional population of about 17 million people per year, and we expect the product to be on the market in 2018 with ec diagnostic reagents, microcards, five-priced rotavirus vaccines, four-priced vaccines.
Influenza virus fission vaccine and quadruple cerebral combination vaccine.
1. In-depth report on the vaccine industry: In our epidemic city, the company ' s future performance is guaranteed.
They think the company's products are excellent, the heavy weights are coming out, the product is rich, and the medium- and long-term growth is supportive. The company's marketing skills are strong, and the channels are clearly superior.
1. In the field of deep-farm vaccines, corporate performance has risen year by year.
Quality targets in the private vaccine industry, with the Chairman's experience Chongqing Ji Fei Bios, Inc. (stock code: 300122), established in 1995 and listed in 2010, the country's first private vaccine firm to be listed on the business board, whose main product is vaccines, etc.
From inception to now, companies have continued to expand their marketing advantages, increasing the variety of products and gradually developing into an integrated private epidemic. In 2017, the company ' s own type II vaccine accounted for the vast majority of operating income.
76.55%, but the company agent's four-priced Hpv vaccine has been put on the market and, as the future rolls, the company's major shareholder and actual controlling agent is Mr. Jiang In-sheng. Mr. Chiang In-sheng holds 866 million shares, or 54.13% of the company's total stock. Mr. Chiang In-sheng served as a sanitary and quarantine station in Guangxi Yiyang County from 1980 to 1999.
Deputy Chief of Section, therefore, has a high level of knowledge and awareness of the health-care system, with four fully-owned and a participating subsidiary under the banner of the vaccine industry, namely, the Smart Flying Airport Corporation, which was established in 2016 and is mainly involved in the export and import of goods and warehousing operations, and in the production, sale and circulation of vaccines, as well as in the production, marketing and circulation of vaccines.
Qing Ji-hwan is primarily responsible for research and development, production and marketing of vaccine products, and companies will continue to adhere to a two-wheel-drive development strategy for research and development and markets in the future.
In recent years, there has been a downward trend in the issuance of vaccines of both type I and type II vaccines, owing to the fact that new vaccine products have not been marketed in recent years owing to a long research and development cycle and that the market as a whole has not increased; the fact that the new version of the gmp standards introduced since 2014 has had a negative impact on the production of some vaccine enterprises; and the disease in Shandong.
The negative impact of the seedlings has led to a significant drop in the number of vaccinations. The second type of vaccine dropped by 22% in 2016 compared to the previous year, which is more pronounced, mainly because the Shandong vaccine caused panic among consumers.
In 2016, the Shandong vaccine outbreak broke out, and the vaccine industry entered the valley. After 2017, the negative effects of the Shandong vaccine incident were gradually eliminated with the country’s overhaul of the industry and the “one-vote” system. And in mid-2017, the Hpv vaccine was put on the national market, and new products such as 13-price pneumococcals and 5-priced pneumococcals will be introduced in the future.
The distribution data show that the total number of batches issued in 2017 exceeded 2016 levels by more than 600 million. The basic number of batches issued for type I vaccines showed that the total batches issued in the second and third quarters increased by 30% and 44%, respectively, in the fourth quarter.
We believe that, with the gradual introduction of new products in the future, the vaccine industry has been able to recover at an accelerated pace, and that the performance of the smart-flying creature has risen rapidly in the context of the overall warming of the vaccine industry. On the income side, in 2017, the company achieved business income of 1,343 million yuan, an increase of 201.06%.
On the demand side, the industry’s new deal is being implemented, people’s understanding of the Shandong vaccine incident is becoming more rational, and the second vaccine market is gradually recovering. On the supply side, companies are focusing on autonomous products and fighting for the ac-hib year’s good performance, breaking the 2014 high and reversing the two consecutive years of decline in 2015 and 2016.
With the successful roll-out of the Hpv vaccine in November and the gradual warming of the vaccine industry, the company’s four-quarter round of revenues rose significantly, reaching 76.85%. On the profit side, in 2017, the company achieved a net return profit of 432 million yuan, an increase of 1229.25%.
The main reason for this increase is a significant increase in net interest rates. In 2017, the company ' s Māori ratio was brought about by the spread of the Hpv vaccine, and the share of proxy products is expected to increase further as future Hpv vaccine sales increase, and Māori rates are expected to decline further.
The significant increase in the rate of adjustment was largely due to the apparent decline in operating income of the company as a result of the negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident, while the salaries of the company's sales workers and its employees and sales promotion expenditures did not decline, ultimately leading to an increase in both rates. The cost rate fell in 2017 as the company's receivables increased.
Figure 9: Māori rates, net interest rates 2. Continuation of the sales advantage and responsiveness to industry shocks. Marketing capacity has always been one of the company ' s core competitiveness, both for agent and autonomous products.
The Department has a leading marketing network in the industry, with a wide and deep reach of end-users, which now covers more than 30 provinces, more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts, and more than 24,000 primary health-care sites (inoculations in the countryside) throughout the country.
In addition, sales personnel cover the vaccination sites directly, helping to achieve personalized coverage and establish stable customer relationships. With the experience of years of agency, companies continue to improve their skills development and incentives, and create a well-managed, trained and loyal marketing team.
Low mobility and high levels of loyalty are very beneficial to corporate business development, not only by reducing the costs that companies spend on all aspects of talent development, but also by increasing the stability of product diffusion, while at the same time reflecting the company’s product excellence, good performance, and retention of talent.
After the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, the State Department issued two documents to strengthen the regulation of the circulation of vaccines. Under the single vote, dealers were banned, and vaccine manufacturers were directly involved with medical services.
The only response for vaccine-producing companies is to develop their own markets and establish new and stable customer relationships, but it takes time and money to invest both. In addition, these companies face logistical challenges.
Delivery or commissioning to district CDCs, where only transport to distributors or provincial CDCs is required before that time, the extension of transport routes leads to an extension of transport time; also, due to the limited cold storage capacity of district CDCs, companies can deliver only a small quantity of vaccines at a time, increasing the frequency of transport.
After the adverse effects of the Shandong vaccine incident were eliminated, while there was an increase in revenue among vaccine companies, the cost of marketing increased to varying degrees, and the major vaccine firms were in a process of shifting from “distribution” to “direct distribution.”
Given that the smart-flying creature has been a direct-selling model for many years, there is no need to redecorate the end distribution channels. As can be seen from the sales cost rates of the first three quarters of 2017, the sales costs of the smart-flying creature are abundant in the major vaccines, and the rapid growth of the three seedlings supports the surge in performance.
A total of five autonomous products are being sold, including ac-hib vaccine, ac-combined vaccine, acyw glucose vaccine, hib vaccine, and bioproduct injection of cow branch bacterium. Currently, ac-hib-combined 3.1.ac-hib vaccine is growing rapidly, supporting future outbreaks of company performance.
The impetus for the growth of the vaccine industry includes not only “new”, i.e. the listing of vaccines for new diseases, but also “promotion”, i.e. the improvement of existing varieties, as represented by the ac-hib vaccine. The product is an upgraded product of the ac-combined vaccine and the hib vaccine, which also prevents group a, c-semenococcal and b-type influenza.
In 2017, a total of 4.7 million products were issued, the main driving force behind the growth in corporate income.
The key advantage of the ac-hib vaccine is that it can replace multiple single doses of vaccine, with a total of eight doses down to four, reducing the incidence of by-products by reducing the number of inoculations and making it easier.
The side effects of co-vaccination include inoculations of haematoma, pain, allergies in severe cases, and the side effects of the hib vaccine, even acute thermal hyperneuritis, haemorrhage and trans-polio. Our vaccine type II penetration rate has been at a low level compared to that of developed countries, one of the major reasons being that parents are motivated by anxiety.
Ac-hib is a good match between the consumption habits of the target population by reducing the risk of vaccination. The number of batches of vaccines for ac-hib is declining each year, but the number of batches for the ac-hib vaccine is rising steadily.
Because of the difference between the number of batches issued and the number of actual sales, we believe that the actual sales of the three seedlings have increased rapidly from year to year, so we assume that the ac-hib vaccine has a more obvious alternative to the ac-combined vaccine and the hib vaccine.
Analysis of the current status of type II vaccinations for children with disabilities, which varies from 1 per cent to 12 per cent for alternative immunization programmes, excluding ac-hib vaccine. The ac-hib vaccine, which is a multiplicity of vaccines, has a product advantage and is available at the age of February, while the need for vaccinations for newborns is higher than for children aged 1 to 2, is estimated.
Assuming that the number of new people is equal in the future, the annual sales of the ac-hib vaccine will be at 6.8-10 million, and the product will continue to grow at a high rate of 6 million, with sales expected to exceed $1.2 billion. Among similar products currently sold in the country are Contea and Sanofi.
The varieties are 100 white-hib and 100 white-hib-ipv, respectively. The recombinantness of the disease with the triple vaccine is low and does not constitute a competition. A number of enterprises are currently developing the same or related products for the ac-hib vaccine, both of which are in the pre-clinical preparation stage, so that the market position of the product will not be affected in the short term.
3.2.ac, which, in combination with vaccine sales, remains stable.
Infants and young children have the highest incidence, and in the event of a meningococcal epidemic, the incidence will increase among older children and young adults. Sick leave infested with meningococcals can be fatal if it is not treated. Even when appropriate treatment is provided, the death rate is as high as 10%, and survivors have permanent after-effects.
The ac-sugar vaccine is covered by a type of vaccine guarantee, which applies to children aged 6 months to 2 years, while the latter applies only to children aged 2 years and over.
The company’s autonomous combination of ac vaccine has the same effect as the ac-sugar vaccine, which has been expanded to cover infants over the age of March. The product was marketed in June 2008 and stopped production in 2011 due to the supply of raw materials.
In 2017, the company ac issued 1,218.1 million combinations of vaccines, accounting for about 23% of the market share. The city ranked first in terms of profit (no tin), with a difference of 38 percentage points for Ji Fei.
3.3. Four-priced cerebral vaccines are successfully exported to the Indonesian market, and sales are stable at acyw 135 groups of meningococcal multi-sugar vaccines, known as the 4-priced cerebral vaccine, which is covered by the ac-combined vaccine.
The product is now priced at $59-66.5 per agent. Since it was marketed, batch issuances have been stable, even in 2016, even in the case of a general setback for type II vaccines, companies maintain more than 1 million batches, mainly due to four.
In 2017, the company won its first share of the market in an overwhelming position, with 1.39 million batches issued throughout the year. Moreover, the company’s four-priced brain vaccine was successfully exported to the Indonesian market in 2016, and thus successfully won.
Top five domestic vaccine exports. The company ' s export revenues in 2016 amounted to $17.872 million, and its exit revenues in 2017 amounted to $21.622 million. We believe that this part of the business is mainly brought about by the export of four-priced brain vaccines, and that future revenues are expected to sustain the current rate of growth as the product expands into the overseas market.
3.4.hib vaccine has risen steadily, contributing to the company ' s ongoing cash flow b-type haemophilus influenzae combination vaccine. It is used to prevent a wide range of invasive diseases caused by haemophilus influenzae b, including meningitis, pneumonia, anorexia, sepsis, cellular tissue inflammation, carbitis, ridges.
In the year, the price of an autonomous heb vaccine was put on the market at $68-82.5 per agent, the market share of which has been low, and the market is currently the largest in Beijing. The Chinese National Institute of Education, Conte Biologicals, has been working on the development of a heb vaccine, with the country’s leading frozen-dry heb vaccine preparation technology, and the production of products with a long and stable life span.
Qualitative characteristics. Also, the rapid release of the ac-hib vaccine has had a significant impact on the shib vaccine market, with a 26.69 per cent decline in total batch issuances on the same basis, but the volume of Hib vaccines issued by the wise-flying organisms has continued to grow by 38.28 per cent, reaching 2.12 million.
According to the China Cancer Statistics Report 2015, there were about 98.9 million new cases of cervical cancer in China in 2015, accounting for more than 28 per cent of global cervical cancer cases and some 30.5 million deaths, which pose a threat to the lives and health of women.
At the same time, cervical cancer is the only cancer that can be prevented in advance by means of a vaccine. Human breast milk, recombinant HPV vaccine, called Hpv vaccine, has been heating up in the country in recent years. As a result of the lack of products on the mainland, a number of women have opted to go to Hong Kong for vaccination, leading to the elimination of Hpv vaccine in Hong Kong.
The price of Hpv vaccine and the four-priced Hpv vaccine have been placed on the market in the interior, filling the market gap with a very large picture. In 2012, the company signed an exclusive agency agreement with Moshalton. In May 2017, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was licensed to go to the market, and on November 13th, it was licensed to go to the market.
The Hpv vaccine currently consists of three types of priced, two, four and nine, the higher the price, the vaccine coverage of the virus, 70 per cent of cervical cancer caused by the virus 16 or 18, and 90 per cent of the genital aphids (e.g., sharp wet beryllium) by the virus 6 or 11.
At this point in our domestic Hpv vaccine market, in addition to the four-priced vaccine gardasil in Mercado, there is also the double-priced vaccine cervarix in Graeme Suschuck. Compared to the second-priced vaccine, we look at the future development of the four-price vaccine, which is expected to be the next strong profit growth point for wise flyers.
The group is between 20 and 45 years of age, with wider coverage, and men can also be vaccinated at a four-priced vaccine, which can prevent sharp humid aphids and reduce the risk of partner disease, while the two-price vaccine is only applicable to children and young people between 9 and 25 years of age, and is ineffective for men. In addition, the four-priced vaccine and the nine-price vaccine are the product of Mossatun, for consumption.
With a more effective nine-priced vaccine, the mainstream consumer could have foreseen a final shift to a nine-price vaccine, which would have been convenient. International market sales have provided the basis for this view.
While sales on the international market have tended to increase year by year, the continuing decline in the GlaxoScoll vaccine after it peaked in 2011 shows a clear market substitution, suggesting that the four- and nine-price vaccine has a clear competitive advantage and that there is reason to expect a similar situation in the domestic market.
There is still a long way to go from a nine-priced vaccine to a four-price vaccine in our domestic market. The clinical endpoint of the Hpv vaccine (indicators for measuring drug effectiveness) is divided into two types: cancer or a level 2 tumor in the cervical cortex to a constant infection. The European Drug Enforcement Agency and who chose the latter, and cfda.
The former has been chosen as a significant extension of clinical trials. This has been beneficial for the growth of the four-priced vaccine.
According to a survey conducted by Albertlee at Biomed, the proportion of Hong Kong women aged 12-20 years who were vaccinated against Hpv in 2010 was around 6.8%. Given the increasing market education and independent economic status, the proportion of women aged 20-45 years on the mainland who received Hpv will be higher, we think, between 13 and 17%.
It is a more conservative estimate that the market demand is also very high for water pox vaccine and hepatitis B vaccine. The water pox vaccine and the Hpv vaccine are the same type II vaccine, and Yuan Ping, in his 2014 analysis of the data for the Chinese Type II vaccine, states that the estimated vaccination rate for water pox vaccine is 66.32%; and the hepatitis B vaccine before 2002 is also available for hepatitis B vaccine.
In 2016, the number of women aged 26-45 was approximately 220 million, and the population is expected to be made up of Mossatung alone.
This represents approximately 28.21 million to 36.8 million potential vaccinations; and about 45.8 million women aged 20-25, who are expected to be divided by Mossadon and Glaxo Shik on a scale of 3.02 million to 4.6 million potential vaccinations. The total number of potential four-priced vaccinations is 31.73 million to 4,149 million, as a result of the current winning bid.
For $798 per person, three doses are required, so the market size of the stock is expected to reach $87.6 billion. According to the purchase agreement, we believe that the company’s revenues from the sale of Hpv vaccines, four-priced in 2018, are expected to reach $3.0 billion, or about 3.5 million.
In terms of research products, the second-priced vaccines of Watson Biology and Xiamenvantai are at the end of three clinical phases, and three clinical trials are expected to be completed and marketed within one to two years, which means that the second-priced vaccine market will be highly competitive. Research and development of the fourth-priced vaccine is still in the early stages of clinical trials, and the market will be in the next few years.
It will continue to be dominated by Mercerton, which will generate considerable agency income for Ji-foo. 5. In the field of deep-dry tuberculosis, which is a chronic infectious disease caused by tuberculosis infection.
Ming, with 8-10 million tuberculosis cases per year worldwide and about 3 million tuberculosis deaths per year, the single disease responsible for the highest number of deaths. According to the data published by the Commission, despite a gradual downward trend in the tuberculosis epidemic, we are still one of the 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis worldwide, with a new incidence of tuberculosis every year.
In 2015, the United Nations adopted a sustainable development goal for 2030, one of which is to reduce tuberculosis deaths by 90 per cent and tuberculosis incidence by 80 per cent on a year-round basis by 2030.
On 18 February 2017, the Office of the State Council issued a circular on the “13th Five-Year Plan for the Prevention and Control of Nodule Diseases,” which sets out a series of specific quantitative indicators for early detection, treatment management, care, prevention and treatment of priority populations, and the establishment of a service system.
There has been a further reduction in the number of deaths, with the incidence of tuberculosis in the country falling to less than 58 per 100,000, and smart-flying organisms have accurately foreseen market demand and policy orientation, pre-positioned in the field of integrating disease prevention and treatment.
The ec diagnostic reagent has completed the iii phase of clinical trials and is expected to be blinded by the end of 2017. Nearly one third of the country’s population (about 550 million people) is infected with tuberculosis bacterium, of which 5 to 10% senses.
For many years, countries around the world have been using the pd skin test to screen for potential infections, but the method uses the pdd as a compound antigen, which is poor for diagnosis because of cross-reactions. BCG is part of the country.
One type of vaccine, the pdskin test, has a very limited role in the screening of potential infections due to the inability to distinguish between BCG inoculations and those with latent infections. The gamma disruptor release analysis technique is an in vitro diagnostic method developed in recent years for the infection of BBT, with two main types: one is the application of the enzyme combination immunosorption method for the quantification of infections.
Ifn-gamma release levels; one is the application of the enzyme combination immuno-point method to quantify at single-cell levels the effects of ifn-gamma t cells. Both methods are highly diagnosed because of the nodule-specific antigens used, but their operations are more cumbersome, especially in the case of blood samples and experiments.
The company’s diagnostic reagent, ec-diagnostic reagent, is used to reassemble the esat 6-cfp10 protein. Since both esat-6 and cfp10 protein are missing in BCG, the impact of BCG can be eliminated.
The speciality is higher than the pd dermatological test; on the other hand, the diagnostic reagent in the body only needs to complete the skin test at the time of its use and observe that there is no abnormal reaction, which is more affordable than the gamma disruptor release analysis technology. The ec diagnostic reagent production workshop began construction in the month, and the 2016 financial report shows that investment progress has been achieved.
54.47 per cent, expected to be completed by March 2018, will guarantee the successful marketing of the product. Tuberculosis treatment is mainly based on chemical drugs, requiring at least six months of continuous administration, a long treatment process and significant damage to the liver function of patients, and is therefore particularly important for the prevention of tuberculosis.
The vaccine against tuberculosis is BCG, which has been included as a type of vaccine guarantee in our country, but it has been confirmed that BCG only has a better protective effect and is not effective for children with severe childhood tuberculosis (tuberculosis meningitis and pulmonary tuberculosis).
The product will have a clear synergy with the ec-diagnostic reagent: screening the high-risk population first with the ec diagnostic reagent and then with microcards to immunize the high-risk population, so that the market has great potential or will become the company’s next strong profit.
Growth points. The product has received wide international attention since pre-clinical research, and the World Health Organization network of officials is continuing to follow developments in research and development, with more than 40 tuberculosis vaccines currently under international study, and microcards for prevention being the only product at the clinical stage of the iii phase, representing the world ' s leading level and warranting sustained attention.
Research and development capabilities are the life force of the vaccine industry, and the vaccine industry is about to enter a new product-driven era.
The company used its capital market to further develop research and development by launching its first refinancing scheme after listing, with no more than 100 million shares to be released in public, raising no more than $2.35 billion for three R & D and industrialization projects.
The Hmong, a product of Mossadón, with Chi Fei Bian as China's overall agent, entered the priority review process in February 2017 and is currently “in the process of review and approval.” Rotary viral infections, which mostly occur among infants and young children between the ages of 6 and 24 months, usually cause diarrhoea, with fatal gastrointestinal inflammation, dehydration and electrolysis disorders occurring at severe times.
About 13 million infants and young children suffer from rotavirus-infected gastrointestinal inflammation, and nearly 40,000 children die as a result of rotavirus diarrhoea, accounting for about 12% of the total deaths of children under 5 years of age in China, and are now included as one of the national priorities for the prevention and treatment of “four diseases of small children”.
In 2006, the Meshadong five-priced virus vaccine was successfully introduced in the United States, with publicly available data showing the cost of treatment at a cost of US$ 600 million. The annual sales of the five-priced virus vaccine are at a cost of US$ 600 million, with about 60 million children being vaccinated each year, if measured at $10 per person.
It is argued that the reduction in hospitalization associated with childhood diarrhoea in the United States is more relevant to the vaccination of children, and that the prevention effect of this product is more pronounced. There is currently no equivalent product in the domestic market, except for the single-priced Rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou, which is expected to have less than five-price metrovirus vaccine.
Protein derivatives (bcg-ppd) and frozen rabies vaccine (vero cells) have been registered, marking the completion of clinical research. The projects currently entering the registration process and preclinical projects are described below.
At 33 times, valuation levels are at a medium low level among comparable companies in the same industry. Given the rapid growth of companies over the next three years, existing products are being phased out, and future products are on the market.
1. Failure to meet the anticipated risks of research and development The development of vaccines is per se characterized by long-cycle, high input, high risk, high output, and the development and administrative approval of vaccine products is subject to pre-clinical research, application for clinical trials, conduct of i, ii, iii clinical trials,
The characteristics and processes of vaccine research and development can cause problems at any point in the middle, which can result in products not only not being as productive as possible, but also increasing the cost of doing business.
At the end of the year, there are 2,850 districts in the country.
The expansion of the perimeter, the large number of county-level CDCs, may result in an extended period of recovery of the company’s accounts receivable, and even (3) the uncertainty of vaccine risk events.
(b) Root, as defined by the WHO International Centre for Drug Monitoring and Cooperation: the adverse effects of drugs are intended to prevent, diagnose, treat or alter the physical functioning of the human body, and the unintended harmful effects of the use of drugs by a person under normal use. ]
After the use of the drug has led to a serious adverse reaction (including incidental reactions), failure to respond in a timely manner in accordance with the law may lead the media and consumers to distrust the company’s products and, to a lesser extent, affect the sale of the product, and, to a lesser extent, jeopardize it.