The printer market is in a position of consolidation, and the chip business has a lot to do with it.
The sale of major assets has an impact on profits, and short-term fluctuations do not change long-term development prospects. The company’s major assets \triangleright are subject to significant impairments.
The company’s business development will be more robust until it is finished, and progress has been made in terms of product structural upgrading and technological breakthroughs, market expansion, etc.)
End product exposure: a3 copiers became core growth engines with a 115 per cent increase in sales in the first half of the year. 2) Technical reliability certification: release of “carry series” printers has a world record of printing over 400,000 pages and card rates of < 0.02 per thousand. 3) Creature market breakthroughs: letter-making printers have grown by 65 per cent and twice a season.
The rings grew by 130%, and the depth was matched by more than 10 national production operating systems, such as Hung Man, Hoyos, etc. The polar sea microscopic breakthroughs in multiple applications and the continued development of non-consumption chip operations reflect the effect of the transformation.
Kwok Xinwoo 1) Commercialization of Car Code Chips: Co-production of k2 ultrasound sensor chips in collaboration with wide steam to fill domestic gaps and cover areas such as body control, smart cabins, etc. 2) Industrial area of control expansion: polar ocean microscopic roll-out
Apm32e030 Industrial Class Basic Extension mcu, optimized for the main frequency, power, function, anti-interference, etc., and based on the chip, a magnetic absolute-value encoder reference program can be used to serve electric machines, robotic joints, agv cars, mechanical arms, digital control machines, textile machines, etc.
1. In-depth report by Nasda (002180.sz) on the layout of low-person products, including joint controllers and smart hand real-time control of dsp chips, smart encoder chips, etc., estimated core national printer assets - 2025/08/01
Some of the products are now being distributed in bulk to companies in the field of robotics and industrial automation, such as Wooki and Hitchuan technologies. 3) The non-consumption chip camps of 2025h1 received $254 million, an increase of 52 per cent, compared to the 52 per cent; the non-consumption chip camps of 2025q2 and cars received $150 million, an increase of 44 per cent in the ring, and the transformation was continuing.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of the global printer market, and its competitiveness continues to increase, and its position is steadily strengthening. The polar ocean is leading the country’s semiconductor sector, expanding in the areas of automobiles, industry, and so on.
Taking into account the impact of this stripping of the Alliance and the sale of major assets, it is expected that 2025-The methodology and analytical logic will lead to the conclusions of the study, that the report will be presented independently and objectively, and that it will be responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, that the conclusions will not be inspired or influenced by any third party, and that the researchers will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.