Nationally produced printer leader, continuously increasing competitiveness, Chen Hae-jin, 14th of August 2025.
In recent days, the China Information Security Centre has issued a 3.0 version of the evaluation guide, adding the original version of v2.0 to the printer's master-controlled chip measurement class, and we expect to increase the number of other important spare parts for printers in the future.
Bentu and Hua have completed their contract strategy to complete a series of more than 200 products. The company is fully assimilated to the creative ecology, and the industrial chain has a significant national advantage, and we expect to move ahead with the rapid growth of the industry.
By June 2025, the products had been marketed for more than 110 years and their performance had stabilized. In June 2025, the map “carrying” was a new product that achieved a performance of “400,000 pages in a row with a card rate of less than 0.02 per 1,000” and was broken.
The world's new record, and it's world-recorded wcra. The company's product performance continues to improve, and the market for high-end printers is actively expanded, and product averages and Māori rates are expected to continue to grow.
Three track long line layouts, such as & Simulation & Drivers. The company's new high-performance, high-security real-time control mcu/dsp for robotics, is relatively well-developed in the layout of the human robot chip, and the product can be applied to the perception and implementation of components, such as ultrasound radar chips and the first based on
The company has also developed a " chip plus algorithm plus reference design" one-station electrical system scheme. For different electrical types and applications, such as bldc, pmsm, etc.
Step-by-step electrons, etc., provide a wealth of control and algorithm support to meet the diversity of robots in the compartmentalized fields of robotic arms, robotic joints, industrial mechanics, etc. Corporate joint control and drive chips, encoder chips, brain computing chips, bms management mcu, communications management and electricity
Source management, mcu, etc., has been replaced by national production, and the products and gas and gas are the main ones, Nathda (002180): 2024 Reported pre-performance, leading car manufacturers, multiple head-level suppliers, and large clients in industrial and regulatory fields such as Sichuan and Yueki.
Review of performance supermarket expectations, Bonto’s share of profits projections and investment ratings: consideration of short-term corporate sales impact on financial costs, etc., and promotion of the city’s rise in the use of the city’s presence, and the creation of a logo for offshore micro-engineering and the import of new vehicle products
A quarterly review of high-end commercial landings, based on future growth, maintains a “buy-in” rating. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.