Nationally produced printers have a strong lead, non-consumption chip layouts are starting to work. Nasda (002180.sz) major asset sales have an impact on profits. On 1 July 2025, the company completed its subsidiary.
\triangleright Litts International sold and sold, according to the company's semi-annual report, had an asset impairment of 2.52 in the first half of 2025.
In recent years, the LCL has experienced greater volatility in its operations, and after the divestment of its assets, the company’s business may have developed more steadily.
The map achieved business income of $2.309 billion, an increase of 10 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $324 million; the overall sales of the map printer decreased by 5 per cent in the same year. 1) The volume of high-end printer products was phased out: a3 dozen times, the sales of printers grew by 115 per cent in the same year, with a 30 per cent increase in the ring in the second quarter. 2) Technical capacity is substantial.
Breaking through: Benjit's series of servers can print more than 400,000 pages in a row and card rates are below 0.02 per thousand. 3) Creatures are growing: 65% in the first half of the year and 130% in the second quarter of the year.
Over 10 national production operating systems, including os, and over 20 national production office software have been calibrated to depth.
In the first half of 2025, in the chip business, the polar ocean achieved $556 million, a decrease of 18 per cent from the same year (work control, cars, etc., $254 million, an increase of 52 per cent from the same year). The total volume of chips was 293 million, an increase of 16 per cent from the same year (182 million in non-consumption chips sold).
One, 47% increase in the same year, and the second quarter of the polar sea microscopic chip and the non-exploitable chip collection are basically at the same level. For chip products: 1) the first domestic car-grade chip landed, the company and the gas released the ak2 ultrasound sensor chip and the double channel dsi3 network transceiver chip, filled.
(ii) Industrial electronics company introduces apm32e030 industrial basic extension mcu, which optimizes the full range of main frequencies, power, functions and resistance to interference;
The product layout includes products such as joint controllers and smart hand real-time control dsp chips, smart encoder chips, some of which have been delivered in bulk to companies in the field of robotics such as tree technology, mosaic technology, and industrial automotives.
The higher cost increases are mainly due to the ease of submission by subsidiaries.
Goldstone Building A. 127 West Side, Beijing: Profit forecasting and investment rating: short-term fluctuations in profits due to major asset sales will not change long-term development
Foregrounds; a significant increase in the volume of information in the Mercedes industry, with high-end a3 printers beginning to be phased out, with the hope that the overall market rate will increase further; non-expendable chips such as automobiles, industrial electronics, and so on, are beginning to work with a number of companies and are expected to grow in profitability in the future.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.