In a joint effort in the field of charging new power, chip operations are expected to open up a long-term development space.
The agreement is valid for three years from the date of signing, and the parties will cooperate in market expansion, product innovation (mcu, dsp, etc.) and product experiments. Two core areas of cooperation are: charge infrastructure and digital power.
In the area of auto charging, for over 10 years, a new energy and a new two-way interactive industry has been built in the field of recharge grids - microgrids - storage grids - data grids "4nets " .
Space is wide, and policy calls for accelerated national substitution of the master chip. Special calls will build on the power of smart charging networks and platform data to combine high-performance, high-reliable national production master control chips to break the key bottleneck in the intelligent upgrading of the charger and the replacement of national production.)i numeracy demand.
Growth has led to an accelerated expansion of the digital power supply market, with a significant increase in power consumption associated with the ai by 2026, possibly several times as high as in 2023; and a policy requirement to reduce the new large or super-large data centre, pue, to less than 1.25 by the end of 2025, for real-time control.
The demand for dsp chips is growing. Both sides will accelerate the construction of energy-supplied ecology with high-performance chips supply.
(a) Industrial electronics: In the first half of 2025, the company launched the apm32e030 Industrial Class Basic Extension mcu, which optimizes the entire spectrum of main frequency, power, function and resistance to interference;
(ii) Automobile electronics: In the first half of 2025, the company and the wide-voltage system produced the first car chip in the country (ak2 ultrasound sensor chip and a two-way dsi3 network of transceivers chip), filling up the National Car Code chip in reverse radar, automatic parking and intelligence.
There is a gap in driving perception; the g32a14xmcu chip has been produced on a large scale in several mainstream cars, and market penetration rates have steadily increased. According to Sullivan, China ' s Mcu market was 62.51 billion yuan in 2024, and it was compounded in 2020-2024.
The growth rate is 18.92 per cent, and is expected to reach nearly $70 billion by 2025. Of this amount, external motor power, according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, was less than 15 per cent of the total domestic production of mcu chips in 2021, and the company’s future production of mcu chips was vast.
The dsp chip is gradually commercialized to open the market in a new direction. In the dsp chip collar \triangleright field, for robotic and industrial automation scenarios, the polar sea was released in the first half of 2025.
The first ball is based on the armocortex-m52 dual-nuclear structure dsp chip g32r501 and introduces a one-stop solution for multiple "chips plus algorithms plus reference designs"; the layout of products for human robots includes joint controllers and smart hands in real time control of dsp chips, some of which are produced
Sinda Securities Inc. has been issued in bulk to companies in the field of robotics such as Wooki technology, Hitchuan technology, and industrial automation.cindsecuritiesco.,ltd
According to data from China Research Network and IQR, the size of the country's dsp chip market in 2025 led to the break-up of the Golden Mansion No. 127 A, in Beijing's West Side, but was still dominated by foreign manufacturers.
It's an important breakthrough in the new landscape of corporate chip business. National production substitution + high demand climate will help the company develop chip business over the long term.
Over the years, the mcu+dsp has been deployed, with a gradual increase in the volume of the projection, with 109 million non-consuming chips sold in the first half of 2025, a 50 per cent increase in the ring, accounting for more than half of the total delivery. The domestic mcu+dsp chip has grown rapidly in recent years, with a low rate of national production and future companies.
The potential market space for non-consumption chips is wide, and their nationalization will be an important opportunity. Profit prediction and investment rating: companies in non-consumption cores like automobiles, industrial electronics, dsp, etc. \triangleright
The layout is beginning to work with a number of companies, and national production + high demand is conducive to the long-term development of corporate chip operations, with a promising future in terms of profit growth. \triangleright
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.