There's still a lot of room for growth hormones, and there's a lot of work going on at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Foreword: The Southwest Securities and Medicine Team issued an in-depth report in August 2017, which has so far been accompanied by continued over-expected corporate performance, company stock prices on its way, and a valuation repair in 2019. At this point, given the high market interest in the sustainability of high corporate growth, this report addresses the in-depth analysis of core product growth hormones and the systematic collating of corporate product lines.
Growth hormones: The domestic market for children is expected to reach 14 billion and the adult market is expected to double again. The market for growth hormones has five main features: 1) the concept of shortness is statistical, with a large number of potential patients; 2) growth hormones are alternative treatments, the best for shortness and the safest treatments, none; 3) medicines similar to slow-disease drugs, with very high levels of stickyness among patients; 4) medicines are taken outside the primary clinic, free of the cost of medical care; 5) the agent type is continuously upgraded, with similar levels.
In 2018, the domestic market for children was about $4.5 billion, and we judged that the domestic market for drugs for children could reach $14 billion, and that there were still several times as many to grow, and that if the adult market were considered again (see international markets), the future could be doubled.  self-research + introduction, with several heavy pounds of products in the research pipeline, and clear medium- and long-term growth patterns.
Egg adaptive disorders have been approved and are expected to be 1 billion grade heavy pounds; 2 Vaccines: 1) Nostril influenza vaccine: 19q4 is about to be approved, with 20 years of performance; 2) Herpes vaccine: the fastest progress in the country, the country ' s acute shortage of vaccines, heavy weight products; 3) investment in a new vaccine research and development platform, a combination of pneumonia seedlings; 4) mutual licensing with Russianfort of jade and pheasine vaccine, which can be used as four collage seedlings; 3) Mono-resistant and biological analogues: 1)
Investment in Iceland ' s Andotek biological analogues research platform, with seven biological analogues under development; 2) development of dual heterogeneous antibody platforms in collaboration with the United States of America, with huge future market space in this area; 3) development of human-wide anti-rabies virus monoclonic antibodies in cooperation with the Joohai Teno Mybo biobiology, with large market space in this product; 4) self-researching of heavy pounds of products, ready-to-do and golden-note resistance, in clinical i/ii; and introduction of 5 per cent Lidocain.
The next generation of long-acting agents in the layout. There is much room for growth, and there is plenty of reserves in the research ladder, and the company is still the fastest-growing and high-valued mark in the current drug, and I. Reorganizing the protein: 14 billion on the growth hormone child market, reorganizing the ovarian solution pending approval of the major adaptive disorder.
II. Vaccine plates: multiple global heavy-pound varieties of layout, which will be another important growth point in the future III. Antibodies and biological analogues: while most of them are in early clinical stages, the market has great potential IV. New formulations: the next generation of formulation technology, the expansion of new markets and the taking of stock
Growth hormones: in the global market, in the field of treatment for major diseases International markets: $3 billion in volume, steady growth, and $5 billion in volume, if considered elsewhere
(b) Over 95 per cent of the market share is currently held by five companies, Pfizer, Nord, Merk, Rhodes and Rey;
The market share of Noor and Nord under the protection of new syringes has increased year by year and has achieved the highest global sales of growth hormones for six consecutive years; The \checkmark formulation is dominated by water agents and the long-acting model is in its three-stage clinical phase.
American Profile: Jama Journal shows that 30% of growth hormones in the United States are used for hyperadaptive disorders, 25-30 million people per year, about 75% for adults over the age of 20 (mainly for purposes of combating aging and strengthening muscles) and 45% for adults aged 40-60; that is, 6-8 million children use drugs, and the US market for adults and children is about half the amount of drugs. China’s population is about four times the size of the United States, and it is about 25-30 million people, taking into account that China’s population is about four times the size of the United States.
Business insurance restrictions + adult use expansion, and there is still room for further domestic upgrading. Global sales of growth hormones, 2007-2016 ($ billion)
Growth hormones: Low internal penetration rates and market demand are far from being met Characteristics I: The most effective drugs for treatment of dwarf diseases are generally accepted, safe and effective Insufficiency in growth hormone secretion is one of the leading causes of dwarf diseases, with growth hormone deficiency causing 51.8 per cent of cases.
• Reorganizing human growth hormones, the most important means of treating dwarfism in the last two decades, is now recognized as the most effective drug for treating dwarfism in all countries.
It is calculated that there are nearly 5 million children in need of treatment; based on grass-roots studies, it is estimated that there are currently about 400,000 patients per year (at 8 per cent of consultations), and that only about 100,000 people are actually treated (at 25 per cent of treatment), i.e. less than 2 per cent of the total penetration.
Reassembled human growth hormones have been approved for 11 in fda, and 5 in the country are currently approved for a wide gap with foreign countries. Feature four: patients with slow-disease drugs are highly sticky and are not subject to health insurance fees. Slow-disease management, patients are more sticky, have at least one year of use, and rely on front-end medical education and back-end management;
\checkmark is a paediatrically heavy product that is not affected by the cost of health insurance; short-term health insurance adaptation is a child's primary growth hormone deficiency, which is actually diagnosed with difficulties in diagnosis, which makes it more difficult for persons with hyper-adapted disorders to receive reimbursement under the health insurance system; and hospital diagnostics plus extra-hospital medications, growth intensity, are taken in the clinical mode.
Eighty-five percent pay for it, 70 percent for out-of-school sales, low health-care dependency, growth hormones: the agent model continues to upgrade, Kinsey becomes the absolute leader of the domestic market: the three-generation agent type coexists, from powder to water needles to long-term effects.
(a) The country's high growth rate in recent years: sample hospital data show that sales have increased by more than 30 per cent in recent years, mainly as a result of the increase in the number of patients affected by health-related education and the increase in patient management, which has led to an increase in the length of drug use;
(b) The agent-type pattern: the sample hospital has a 1 per cent lead effect, with a combined 99 per cent short effect (water needles plus needles), and we estimate a long-term effect of 350 million yuan (about 1 per cent).
Performance in the gold race: $3.2 billion in 2018 (+53 per cent in the same year) with a net profit of $1.13 billion (+65 per cent in the same year); $2.14 billion (+42 per cent in the same year) with a net profit of $820 million (+48 per cent in the same year).
The cost of annual medications is comparable to the cost of anti-cancer drugs: the annual cost of treatment at this stage is about 3-40.000 yuan (average of the powdered water needles), and after the upgrading of the agent type, the cost of the treatment is higher.
The number of potential patients exceeds the number of cancer patients: the total number of all adaptive patients is about 5 million, with an estimated annual increase of 400,000;
According to data from the National Cancer Centre, there are currently about 4 million new cases of neoplasms in the country, with a maximum of about 700,000 lung cancers, and lung cancers, which can be further broken down into subtypes. Competition among varieties: treatment of small and no new targets can break through, mainly in the form of agents and innovations in the mode of delivery, while anti-cancer medicines often have new targets.
Number of patients admitted: 5 million x 10 per cent attendance rate = 40 per cent treatment rate = 200,000 (4 per cent overall penetration rate, actual or overpredicted > performance outlook for the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry: Reorganization of ovulation: assisted reproductive weight products pending approval of hyperoval adaptation
Acupuncture-promotion of ovarians: Accompanies the reproductive process to a decomposition-promotion/urin-promotion-fluenza-promotion-promotion pills.
Annual increases, while the infertility rate of older mothers is significantly higher than for those under 35 years of age, leading to a significant increase in the choice of assisted reproduction, leading to a rapid increase in assisted reproduction-related drugs. Reorganizing ovarians: the market is better competitive, with a projected 1 billion grade varieties.
Adaptive diseases: 1; abnormal ovulations; 2; hyperoved eggs (supplementary reproductive use); treatment programme: hypodermal injections, 1 day, 150-225 u/day; therapeutic course to hcg. Market size is around 3 billion yuan; recombinant human ovulations are currently mainly imported, and assisted reproductive adaptive conditions in the gold-track medicine industry (projected)
Once approved in 2020, or replaced by accelerated imports, it is conservatively estimated to be 1 billion grade heavy pounds of products. Sample hospital sales of ovarians. Overview and pattern of the domestic market for ovarians in 2018.
Additional approvals from the Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry: 2016-6-2 approved, 2017-7-4 clinical start, led by Beijing University Hospital 3   (billions)  (billions)  (billions)  (millions)  (millions)
Vov - Reorganisation of vov I - Reorganisation of proteins: 14 billion in growth hormones for children, reorganisation of ovary solution pending approval of major adaptive disorders
II. Vaccine plates: multiple global heavy-pound varieties of layout, which will be another important growth point in the future III. Antibodies and biological analogues: while most of them are in early clinical stages, the market has great potential IV. New formulations: the next generation of formulation technology, the expansion of new markets and the taking of stock
Prospective profit projections and investment recommendations Nostril influenza vaccine: clear advantages of vaccination, expected rapid release after listing . . . . . was included in the priority review in June 2018, expected to be approved with significant contribution to performance in 2020
The global influenza vaccine market has grown steadily in recent years. In 2018, the global influenza vaccine market, or nearly $3.5 billion, was dominated by Sénofie, gsk and seqirus (csl), with revenue from the sales of the influenza vaccine series Sénofie and gsk increasing by 7.5 per cent and 7.2 per cent, respectively, and the influenza pandemic still has a large market space.
(b) Laiv can be produced rapidly on a large scale through cell culture (fibre seedlings for chicken embryos), suitable for vaccine production in the event of an outbreak; and (c) the antibody level can be stabilized for one to two years and protected for a long period of time and for a high degree of effectiveness and safety.
Influenza is on the verge of an outbreak, looking at new vaccines. In recent years, about 20-30 million vaccines have been issued in the country, more than four-priced fissions are being developed, the nose-spray pandemic is only being studied by companies, a 19-year national influenza outbreak is on the rise, and a historic influenza vaccination is expected to peak in the country.
In-country progress in the development of a three-stage influenza vaccine With herpes vaccine: Global heavyweight species, 100 grams of domestic research and development is the most advanced in the country, and there's a shortage of domestic research and development for heavy vaccine products.
The market space for herpes is $2 billion in 19 years. International herpes are mainly recombinant gsk (shengrix) and zostavax (zostax). 1) zostavax: approved for listing through fda in May 2006, with sales of $220 million in 2018; 2) shingrix: approved by fda and Health Canada in October 2017, with sales of 990 million in 2018
There are more than one million cases per year in the country, and there is an urgent need to be listed on the national market: according to the Chinese expert consensus of 2018 herpes, the prevalence of herpes in the country is 3-5/1000, and despite the lack of a large sample epidemiological survey, we currently expect more than one million cases per year in the country.
100-gram organisms have been studying (elimination of long-lived organisms) and 100-gram organisms are the most advanced in their development, in clinical phase II, and are expected to be the next heavy-pound species once the product is on the market.
The next generation of multiple seedlings, with obvious replacement advantages, and the exchange of permissions with Russianfort, are about to bring together the four seedlings of jaundry vaccine, the four seedlings. On August 15, 2019, 100 grams of biology and the Russian Ford state.
A biopharmaceutical company signed an agreement to provide 100-gram organisms with a combined jaundle vaccine in China, and 100-gram organisms with a live water pox vaccine for for fort in Russia. The global market for jamphine vaccine is over $2 billion, and four-spray seedlings have an alternative advantage.
$1.8 billion, an increase of 7.3 per cent in the same year; $1.17 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 43.2 per cent in the same year; and $590 million in 2018, an increase of 12.3 per cent in the same year, in the case of quadrupled seedlings, the country’s jaundice triple seedlings are in the mainstream and the Federation is expected to be listed as a substitute for other vaccines.
In January-August 2019, the distribution rate was 73%. There are not yet four clusters in the country, and Mossatón and Gsk both applied for a one-time import registration in the country on 30 April 2019.
Pneumococcal vaccine: invests in the pre-clinical phase of the company, which is still in the pre-clinical phase, in the development of a new vaccine for the life of the life of the life of the family in Shanghai, and in the combination of pneumonia vaccine.
40% of the shares, and 100% of the shares of 100-gram organisms, have signed a technology transfer contract with Bo and Rhida to develop a multi-sugar combination vaccine for pneumococcals, but no product is currently in the clinical stage. China currently has 23-priced vaccines for pneumonia, and 13-price vaccines are being released. There are currently five companies in the country with 23-priced vaccines for pneumonia on the market.
In January-August 2019, 5.49 million people were issued. There were relatively few domestic pneumococcal players, and there were still more value in the works. Overall, the Pneumococcal vaccine research and development industry is currently relatively competitive.
\triangleright is less concentrated in the Twilight Organisms, Watson Organisms, Contet Organisms, Lanzhou Institute, Coring Organisms and Concinno, and given the vast lack of markets for pneumonia vaccine, we believe that there are still market prospects for the Ruizu Bio Pneumonia vaccine.
Progress in the development of a vaccine for pneumonia in the country Pepsi vaccine: marketed varieties, company share of the domestic market - pox vaccine: prevention of acute infectious diseases caused by the first infection of the pox-traffic herpe virus;
\triangleright Inoculation procedure: children over 1 year of age, one to two needles; ready for vaccination on an average annual basis; \triangleright
Price: $136 per silin bottle, $149 per shrunk; \triangleright \triangleright
(b) Patterns: 7 enterprise approvals in the country, 100 grams of organisms affected by process upgrading in 2018, insufficient bulk delivery, starting in the 19q2 quarter, \triangleright;
rabies vaccine: marketed varieties with the hope of benefiting from changes in industry patterns after childbirth rabies vaccine: animal bite wounds suspected of rabies, post-accident vaccination; Inoculation procedure: 5 needles (2+1+1+1) Act, 4 needles (2+1+1, becoming a big organism);
(b) The industry: in recent years, the entire distribution of rabies has been maintained at 13-18 million doses, with an average of 14.4 million copies issued over the last eight years, with a market size of around $4 billion; it is dominated by vero cells and is the leader of the big biological industry;
Pattern: more than 10 domestic enterprises; Company situation: water needle stabilization + validity extension from one year to 1.5 years and gradual recovery from 2017-2018.
I. Reorganization of proteins: growth hormones for children watch 14 billion, reorganisation of ovarians pending approval of major adaptive disorders
II. Vaccine plates: multiple global heavy-pound varieties of layout, which will be another important growth point in the future III. Antibodies and biological analogues: while most of them are in early clinical stages, the market has great potential IV. New formulations: the next generation of formulation technology, the expansion of new markets and the taking of stock
On August 22, 2019, the company signed an agreement with the mesino to work with the mesino.
As a new generation of antibody technologies, the two-specific antibodies are still mostly in the research and development phase. Currently, only three of these are on the market.
There are many leading multinational drug companies; most of them in the U.S. and Europe, in terms of the experimental distribution. Because of the unique advantages of dual-transit antibodies compared to single-resistant drugs, which in theory have their own unique advantages, they are now more market-oriented, and we also see the future of dual-resistant products > Most of the domestic dual-resistant research and development is at an early stage.
The Yboy platform of the Yogi, the Y2B platform of the Amigos, the crib and cram platform of the Conning Jerry, and the fit-lg platform of the coastal organisms, among others, are still, for the most part, at the clinical stage.
Biological analogues: Introduction of multi-pound varieties, future or large-scale > joint ventures, and introduction of six biological analogues. On 19 September 2018, the company signed a contract with Iceland ' s alvotech.hf to establish a joint venture in the country (of which the company contributed $100 million, or 50 per cent of the shares), and Anwartec proposes six contracts.
In the next five years, the technology will be fully transferred to the joint venture in accordance with the technical maturity of the project, and the joint venture will develop the Chinese market and implement the Aada Moi foreign resistance experiment has entered the third phase of the clinical phase. The alvotech network shows that the company currently has seven biological analogues.Clinicaltrals data show that only one product, avt102 (Ada Moi) is now in the clinical phase.
Avt102 is an Adammonium anti-similar with a high concentration (100 mg/ml) active ingredient, which was tested in Estonia and entered into three stages of clinical trials, selling 19.9 billion dollars to Humira in 2018. On the domestic front, there are now several companies that have entered three phases of the Adammomon anti-clinical trials, including Sindas, Beothais and Tombo, and so on.
There is no information on the clinical trials of the joint venture.
On March 26, 2018, a company of 100 grams of rabies developed a partnership with Tenomobo to develop an all-human anti-rabies virus monoclonal antibodies, which is currently in the pre-clinical phase.
In India, it was listed in December 2016; the reconstitution of the anti-rabies units in the Netherlands and the zydus Research Centre in India has completed the second phase of the clinical phase. On the domestic front, North China has the fastest progress in the development of pharmaceuticals, its rabies virus unit (nm injection fluid) has entered the third phase of the clinical phase, and its rabies unit against nm57s/nc08 has entered the clinical phase. In addition, the rabies unit of the Union of Suzhou (syn023) is now in the clinical phase.
At the i/ii stage in the country, there is a significant clinical gap in the country compared to the 23.4-32.4 million doses (20iu/kg per person at 60 kgg) of rabies per year, assuming a 30% level exposure ratio of 3.9-54 million rabies per year.
rabies immunoprotein, reorganisation of low-cost and simultaneous production capacity, and greater market space in the future. 2008-2019h1 rabies immunoprotein batch issuance (millions, 200 iu) Kim Dot and ginner resistance: clinical trials are advancing steadily
Quintoshas: The Kimsai Medicines Self-Researcher is now in its first phase, with a target of vegfr2, a remort of remorts, a new "me- too" drug: Remo is an anti-cancer vascular-generation drug, and the global market for anti-cancer vascular-generation drugs is over $10 billion.
Remo monoza (commodity name cyramza) was developed as the world ' s first global target against vegfr2, and was approved for listing in the United States in 2014. The approved adaptive disorders include stomach cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and rectum cancer. Pdb shows that in 2018 Remo was sold globally for $787 million.
Kinsey is the country’s first approved clinical and clinical stage 1 Remo Monot resistance, which is currently in the clinical phase (not yet recruited) and adapts to severe arthritis.
Remo's declaration of resistance in the country is in three, the fastest clinical progress in Kinsey. First, recombinant protein: 14 billion in the growth hormones market, reorganisation of ovarian solution pending approval of major adaptive disorders.
II. Vaccine plates: multiple global heavy-pound varieties of layout, which will be another important growth point in the future III. Antibodies and biological analogues: while most of them are in early clinical stages, the market has great potential IV. New formulations: the next generation of formulation technology, the expansion of new markets and the taking of stock
On 4 September 2019, the company signed an agreement with Anenghai to invest.
With a high incidence of herpes and a potential domestic market space of more than 3 billion yuan, Lidocain injections from various companies in the country have been approved, but they are currently only approved by Chinese biopharmaceuticals in June 2018 and are currently priced at 85 won/s to alleviate the neurological pain of herpes.
It is mentioned that the number of new cases of domestic herpes per year is over 1 million, calculated on the basis of 20 per cent of the neurological effects of herpes, conservatively estimated at around 200,000, with pain lasting for weeks or months, assuming an average of 30 days of drug use, 3 per day, approximately 18 million per year, and at least 1.5 billion in domestic market space (cf. China ' s highest price for biopharmaceuticals, 85 yuan/agent).
The adrenaline has a clear advantage, the market is better, and there is a better prospect of being listed. After herpes, there was limited domestic treatment for neurological pains, and the foreign use of the lidocaine was used abroad for more than 20 years, and it has been listed as a first-line treatment in many countries.
Lidocaine sample hospital sales (millions of dollars) Oral growth hormones: better dependent, future or market mainstream investment in American Innovative Agents, layout of big molecules oral preparations. 5 September 2017, company involvement in the United States rani
The company d-finances therapeutics, which spends $15 million, or 1.27 per cent of the shares. Rani is currently mainly involved in the development of drugs, the mode of delivery, the conversion of injected biological agents to oral biological agents, with a focus on the development of oral preparations for big molecules such as polytherms, antibodies, vaccines and insulin.
Based on the results of the specific study, both parties assessed that Rani had developed oral formulations for growth hormones, using the relevant patents, platform technology, etc., and carried out systematic research on pre-clinical micro-testing studies, pharmacology, pharmacology, pharmacology, etc.
Rani will give priority to the company’s exclusive sale of oral growth hormone products in China. Clinicaltrials data show that rain has not yet entered the clinical phase of growth hormone products. > There is no oral agent type entering the clinic in the country, or becoming a mainstream market in the future. There are three generations of growth hormone preparations in the country.
However, given the need for injection in all three types of agents, there is a certain degree of decoupling in actual applications, and the oral type is more accessible than the injection type, especially for children. In terms of research and development, the production of products is currently concentrated on the two generation water needles and the three generation long-lasting agent type, and the oral type is currently not clinically available.
Microball products: At this early stage of the clinical process, 300-500 million grade levels of microball formulations are expected to be marketed as new technologies with broad market prospects. Microball-type advantages: 1) long-acting agent type, which reduces the number of deliveries, is good; 2) high technical barriers and competition patterns are good. The company ' s long-acting microballs consist mainly of traprelyn microballs and o.
Pulse microballs, currently in clinical stage 1 (completed) and clinical preparation respectively. Plga microballs are the first multipolymer microballs - months, clinically used for prostate cancer and early sexual degeneration. pdb data show a sample hospital in 2018.
The sale of trauprilyn was about 490 million yuan, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period. >Australium: Australium is an artificially synthesized, natural growth-depressant, eight-peptunium derivative, which is clinically primarily for the treatment of leg-fats, stomach insulin endocrine tumours, etc. Fda approved in 1988, npa approved in 1994, Nol 2003
The U.S. long-acting O.P.P. microballs were marketed. According to the Wind Medical Database, in 2018, our sample hospital, A.C.A., sold at about $70 million, marketed at about 10 per cent, increasing at a significantly faster rate than industry.
i. Reorganizing proteins: growth hormones for 14 billion children, reorganizing ovarians to wait for major adaptive treatments, II. Vaccine plates: multi-pound global varieties of layout, which will be another important growth point in the future
Antibodies and biological analogues: Although most of them are in early clinical stages, the market has great potential. 4. New formulations: deployment of next-generation formulation technology, expansion of new markets and seizure of stock markets. V. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
For $10.92 and $14.72, the net return profit over the next three years will maintain a 35 per cent compound growth rate. We believe that the improved corporate governance structure will result in either a double-click on the company's share price or a double-click on Davis to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There is no conflict of interest between the company and the author, to the extent that they know it, and the securities evaluated or recommended in this report, that requires disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.