"Night" at speed, "Thai" is different - "New Energy" brings "New Power" to low-pressure taps:
The company is the absolute leader in the domestic low-pressure electrical industry, injecting photovoltaic assets in 2016, creating a dual-driven business formation of “light volt + low pressure” that gave the company a new incentive, achieving a harvest in 2017 with a 27.99 per cent increase in revenue in one quarter, a 70.59 per cent increase in net profits, and an upswing in the company.
• Industry recovery, import substitution and share enhancement are driving the acceleration of low-pressure operations: corporate products cover almost the entire market for low-pressure appliances, the low-pressure electrical sector is linked to macroeconomics, sub-industry landscapes such as grids, industrial controls, construction, new energy sources, etc., are starting to rise and industry experiences are increasing
In addition, some of the company’s products have started to have the capacity to replace major international players such as Siemens and abb.
Instead of moving in the middle-class manufacturing industry, companies use their advantage to build on low-pressure cash advantages, engineering solutions advantages and marketing channels to form an "developing + operating + transfer" business model that allows for healthy and sustainable development of photovoltaic plates.
The number of new installed aircraft is estimated to be around 3gw in 2017, with a two-fold increase expected in 2018. The company is the head of the household utility industry, with 40,000 installed in 2017 and 200,000 planned for 2018.
• Low valuation + accelerated growth, with stock prices expected to double-click Davis to maintain a “highly recommended” rating: The Annual Report meets expectations, shows a significant increase in performance during the quarter, increases in speed, increases in growth and low valuation. Maintains a “highly recommended” rating.
“New energy” brings a “new dynamic”, with performance starting to rise at 1.1. Injection of photovoltaic assets into energy service company Zhejiang Jung-tae Electric Co. Ltd. was established in August 1997 as a nuclear power plant of the Jeong-tae Group Inc.
The company is also the largest producer of low-pressure appliances in China. It specializes in the development, production and sale of low-pressure electrical products of more than 100 series and 10,000 specifications, such as electrical distribution, control, terminal, electrical and electrical appliances.
The first Wenzhou City Mayor's Quality Award was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21 January 2010, becoming China's first company to be listed as a stock company with low-pressure appliances. In an era of economic globalization, companies insisted on a development strategy of “internationalization, technologicalization, industrialization” and vigorously pursued it.
Institutional innovation, STI and management innovation, with product expansion from lower to lower middle, market expansion from domestic to global, value chain expansion from the provision of monolithic products to the provision of system solutions, built-in business expansion from endogenous to modern enterprises, including M&As and capital operations, seeking to make the real Thai appliances “World One”
A comprehensive solution provider of low-pressure appliances.” Since it was listed, companies have made the transition to low-pressure electrical system solutions without taking advantage of strong industry leaders, outstanding brand advantages, powerful technological innovations and upgrading of their own industrial chains.
The company will further harness the opportunities for new energy development and power transformation through the overall synergy of the industrial chain to achieve cross-cutting development to the world's leading suppliers of smart energy solutions. It will become a provider of whole-chain enterprises and systems solutions in the electrical sector.
In 2016, the company injected photovoltaic assets through the acquisition of additional shares in seven enterprises, including the Jeong-tae Group, and 161 natural persons in the South, in new energy development in Thailand. The new energy development in Chu-tae was mainly in crystal silicon batteries, components, light.
Research and development, production and marketing of products such as voltage systems, operation of photovoltaic stations, and provision of services. Companies will take advantage of the opportunities of electricity conversion and distribution, participate in the sale of electricity, build regional microgrids that combine “new energy generation, distribution, use of electricity” and transform their business models; and actively develop terrestrial photovoltaic power stations while actively developing them.
A distributed roof power station with full participation in the user-side distributed power market; an energy Internet platform that integrates industrial chain resources for photovoltaic power generation and electrical manufacturing, with a synergistic effect. With this asset reorganization, Natoe Electric will actively deploy photovoltaic power, perfecting the various links in the electricity chain, upgrading from a single equipment manufacturing enterprise to a cluster.
Operating, managing, manufacturing integrated power enterprises committed to becoming the world's leading intelligent energy source figure 1: property rights and control relationships between companies and controlling shareholders 1.2, low-pressure appliances growing steadily, photovoltaic plates generating new momentum and performance starting to pick up
The company's current operations are divided into low-voltage electrical and solar components. Low-voltage electrical appliances include end, distribution, control, instrumentation, construction, electrical, electrical and control systems.
The solar energy business was the company ' s acquisition of new energy development in 2016, through an increase in its shareholdings, such as the Genthai Group, and the injection of new business to give the company new dynamism and rapid growth in its performance. The net profit on parent ownership in 2017 was $2.84 billion, an increase of 29.98 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
Quarterly performance report, net profit attributable to parent owners during the reporting period was $613 million, an increase of 70.59 per cent over the previous year; operating income was $5,095 million, an increase of 27.99 per cent over the same period the previous year.
With the new energy performance of the company, the profit growth rate reached 22.24% at the end of 2016, net profit in 2017, with a revenue of $8.79 billion, an increase of 18.16% over the same period, and a Māori rate of 24.97%. The new energy plate is expected to continue to exceed performance commitments in the future, giving new impetus to the growth of the company.
In the future, the company is expected to complete 40,000 households in 2017, and 200,000 in 2018. The company is located in Zhejiang province, supported by a policy of 1 million photovoltaic roofs in 2020, and we believe that the use of light in the company’s household will significantly increase the company’s performance.
According to the company's announcement of 29 January, the company transferred 24.18 million shares of positive electronics held by the company through large-scale transactions.
After the completion of the transaction, the shareholders in the company and their individual operators together held 58.3330 per cent of the total equity of the company, the employees and distributors had a planned share of 1,123.9 per cent of the total equity of the company, and the actual controllers of the company had not changed before or after the transfer.
The company's low-pressure electrical business relies mainly on the distributor system, and this dealer's shareholding scheme is a further step towards binding the distribution channels to ensure the growth of the low-pressure electrical business, while the household photovoltaic operation of the company's new energy plate also requires the establishment of a distributor's channel.
This stock-holding scheme also shows the dealer’s confidence in the company’s future development and is expected to further stimulate the distributor’s unionism and enthusiasm, and help the firm optimize its channel advantage. At the same time, the employee-ownership scheme also allows benefits to be tied and staff motivation enhanced.
The chairman of the company, Mr. Yuzhiko Namshie, is the company’s actual controller, directly holding 4.43% of the company’s shares, and has limited investment in the company’s new energy resources through Jeonghai Group Ltd. and Zhejiang Chengtai.
Indirectly, the company holds shares in the company, and the sum of its co-operators holds 59.46 per cent of the company ' s shares, which is a high proportion of the internationally controlled holdings. Figure 3: Property rights and control relations between the company and the actual controllers
South China Fui Wenzhou Pfizer Investment Management Co. Ltd. Shanghai Tae Yong Investment Management Co. Ltd.
Jeong-tae Group Inc. Zhejiang Jung-tae New Energy Investment Co. Ltd. Zhejiang Jung-tae Electric Co. Ltd.
“Strategie 2025”, New Materials and Smart Manufacturing, JTG proposed in 2014 a “Strategic Development Strategy 2025” called the “12345” strategy, i.e., a goal: “Creating the World's Identity, The Dream of Industrial Power”;
(b) Four platforms: “Inline industry and energy Internet platform”, “Intra- and off-line supply chain interface platform”, “Sections of science”
The Technology Innovation and Industry Incubation Platform and the Investment Finance and Payments Platform are five major clusters of industries: smart electrical, industrial automation and informatization, clean energy conservation, intellectual manufacturing and high-end equipment, and smart business and smart households.
In recent years, firms have accelerated their M&As, extending the industrial chain to new materials, smart manufacturing, clean energy, and so on. More investment acquisitions were made in 2017.2 Low-pressure electrical taps, downstream recovery, competitiveness improvements, and companies will continue to reap benefits.
2.1, Pride of low-pressure electrical taps, national product plates Low-pressure appliances are usually used to operate at 50hz or 60hz, with rated voltage of 1,200 v and below, or direct current voltage of 1,500 v and below electrical circuits that can be connected manually or automatically according to external signals and requirements.
In the industrial, agricultural, transport, defence and people’s power sectors, most of which use low-voltage power, the quality of this electrical component will directly affect the reliability of the low-voltage power supply system.
The company’s products are rich in low-voltage appliances and cover a wide range of industries downstream. The company’s products are divided into distribution appliances, terminal appliances, control appliances, electrical appliances, instrumentation, building appliances, and several large sections of the control system.
The company has been focusing on the low-pressure electrical industry, expanding its product range in 2012 to include instrumentation, building appliances, and control systems. The company’s low-pressure electrical sales revenue has exceeded $10 billion.
Table 3: Corporate low-pressure electrical products operating income 2.1.1, rising consumption leads to accelerated market roll-out of low-end production, and the company’s market share is expected to increase further.
In 2016, the company re-launched a new series of products, “Nakkulun.” The new series of “Nikkullen” consists of four main categories, namely, all-power breakers, plastic-shell breakers, end distributions, and power-motivated control and protection.
It's a brand-new product that the company is preparing to launch in three years, a market that the company wants to change the “homogenization” of low-pressure appliances in the country, and a powerful “Nighty Klen” product promotion map launched by the company as a representative of “Chinese manufacturing” to “German manufacturing”
Currently, domestic low-pressure electronics producers are small and too numerous, with more than 90% of them in secondary and lower-grade production, with three generations co-existing. According to national policy direction, low-pressure electrical products will need to be further restructured in the coming period.
In addition to high-performance, electronic, intelligent, modular, collusive, small-scale features, low-pressure appliances will be eliminated. In addition to communication, high reliability, good maintenance performance, and environmental compliance.
2.1.2 Strengthening the “Noyak” brand advantage, high-end import substitution is under way, with the establishment in 2010 of a fully-owned subsidiary, Noaek Noyak, dedicated to high-end markets such as Europe and the United States for years, based on global leadership design, material selection, sophisticated manufacturing processes and stringent testing systems
Together, Nojak's “eqa Quality Assurance” system, which he has been working on, provides first-class industry quality assurance to clients; at the same time, Nojak has been certified as an authority in the United States ul, the Netherlands kema, Germany tuv, and the German Red Dot Award, called Oscar for the design industry, is also honoured by the ex9m product.
To date, Nojak has provided a variety of high-level electricity, infrastructure, industrial customers in the United States, the Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, Ukraine, Australia, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, etc.
End-of-pipe electrical system solutions, widely used in more than 30 countries in Europe, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and the establishment of the Nojak brand in 2010 with less stable operations, but companies have been insisting on the layout of the mid-to-high end market, the introduction of photovoltaic assets, and the formation of solutions to the Nolainel photovoltaic system with Noyak overseas.
As a complementary advantage, the overseas photovoltaic system in Noyak is continuously validated in applications in more than 1gw of all types of photovoltaic power stations, civilian roofs and bipv around the world. Safe and reliable use can take place in many applications and types of rights around the world for more than 25 years, whether in harsh conditions such as the Qing Tibetan plateau, the Indonesian rainforest, or low temperatures.
In 2017, Nojak focused heavily on high-end industry markets, and continued to expand brand ownership in the Hvac heating and air conditioning industry, successfully targeting several industry-renowned oem clients; the engineering and engineering industries made a breakthrough in new market areas. In 2017, operating revenues of $477 million increased by 14 per cent, net profits of $4.1719 million, and future public revenues.
At the same time, companies have opened new markets abroad in 2016-2017. In 2016, together with Egypt’s egemac, a low-voltage distribution cabinet plant was set up in Egypt, and Singapore’s solar power was acquired in 2017, and companies will continue to deepen in the future.
Expansion of overseas markets, acceleration of overseas locations, establishment of new offices/subsidies in priority markets such as Egypt, Viet Nam, Panama, and expansion of empty markets and enhancement of market share. Piloting the establishment of more than two overseas regional logistics centres to upgrade logistics distribution and service capabilities. Promoting integration of M & As and follow-up on integration of Singapore companies; landing
Singapore, Malaysia, Viet Nam three-state capacity distribution programmes to develop and implement a coordinated Asia-Pacific regional business outreach programme; Ensure the steady development of joint ventures in Egypt. Accelerate the upgrading of systems integration capabilities, using technical authorizations and using cabinet technology for market exchange, to enable authorized container operations in six countries. Strengthen cooperation with the epc project operations in Egypt.
Replications are promoted in countries with a "one-way" country. 2.2, the market for low-pressure appliances is growing steadily, companies are in a firm lead, future gains are expected to rise by 2.2.1, is linked to fixed-asset investments, and future growth in the low-pressure appliance sector will be around 8%.
Low-voltage appliances are used mainly for power transmission and distribution in low-voltage grids, with market space exceeding RMB 70 billion. Low-voltage appliances are used to transmit, distribute, and use power in low-voltage grids as connections, segmentation, protection, control, regulation, detection and display.
Low-pressure appliances are currently concentrated in the new energy sector. China’s low-pressure appliances, which in 2016 were more than $75 billion in market size, are low-pressure as new energy continues to develop.
Electrical appliances will open up the market space further in the period of gold development. The low-pressure electrical landscape is closely related to grid infrastructure, construction, and manufacturing, and the growth rate in the industry is highly correlated with the level of investment in gdp and social fixed assets. According to the Bureau of Statistics, investment in fixed assets for the entire society in 2017 increased by $6,423.8 billion by 7.0%, 2018.
In January-February of the year, the country ' s fixed-assets investment (excluding farm households) stood at RMB 4,462.6 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the previous year, as forecasted in China ' s annual fixed-assets investment projections. The report states that since 2017, China ' s fixed-assets investment has been growing steadily and its investment structure has continued to optimize.
But the investment structure will continue to improve. The main investment indicators for 2018 are projected to be the following: (a full-calibre) infrastructure investment -- the growth rate in the low-pressure electrical industry, which, historically, except for 2010, is the same rate of growth as the social fixed-asset investment.
The growth rate is positive. In 2011-2016, the rate of growth in the country’s fixed-asset investment declined significantly, at a rate of 7% in 2017, and the construction, networking, industrial control and telecommunications industries all had a better view, so we think that low-voltage electricity, low-voltage electrical market space projections for 2018-2020
The company’s low-pressure operations, which have been at 10% since 2008, have been steadily increasing over the last decade, with traditional low-pressure electrical products falling to varying degrees, with power distribution and control falling by more than 10 percentage points, continuing to grow. As low-end production subsides and high-end markets expand in the future, we believe that companies will take ownership of the market in the future.
The low-pressure electrical industry is made up of high-, medium-, low-end products, with market capacity in the form of a “dicry-shaped” structure, with the highest demand for medium- and high-end products and low-end market space for high-end and low-end products. The distribution of profits in the industry is in the form of a “penal pyramid” with a high degree of homogenization of products in the lower- and middle-end markets, generating relatively low profits, most of which are concentrated.
High-end, medium-end, high-end, low-pressure electronics customers are concentrated in telecommunications, electricity, metallurgy, petrochemicals, industrial controls, high-end properties, etc. The rapid growth of smart power grids, energy Internet, Chinese manufacturing 2025 during our 13th anniversary will stabilize the demand for medium- and high-end markets, while the country's product plates begin to grow gradually.
Our low-pressure electrical industry is divided into three main categories according to technology and market positioning. The first category is foreign manufacturers Schneider, abb, Siemens, etc., which are internationally recognized brands and master high-end product technology.
Top-level markets, higher value-added products and highest Māori-level industries; second category: domestic manufacturers in the middle-end industries, such as good letter appliances, people's appliances, well-trained switches, etc., which focus more on one or two sub-sectors and are mainly sold to end-b customers; third category: domestic manufacturers in wholesale retail markets, such as Jung-tae.
But, in real terms, the boundaries between categories II and III are becoming blurred, focusing on one or two.
Poor sub-industry firms, with low risk resistance, need to expand their operations to more sub-industries, such as the Merger and Purchase of Good Letters in March 2018, which moved to electrical electronics and control technologies; and the Orthodox Electrics, which moved from homogenized low-pressure electrical production to medium-to-high-end power, have been successfully transformed into providers of electrical system solutions.
The company has successfully formed a programme of electricity, machinery, construction, communications, heating, metallurgical, petrochemical 7 systems.
It's almost a miracle, and it's an ambitious project to look at and transform nature in the world, and each of its rings, as the largest oil field in the country, has created 45 consecutive years of glory. This is China's “National Gate” and the radiation centre of China's civil aviation network.
The sky from Venice to Milan has lighted every inch, becoming the new country of the arts.