State policy sites: urities (601877.sh)
• Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than average industry growth of 16.13 per cent and 29.98 per cent, respectively, combined with the release of the first quarter of 2018 report, income and household consumption
Overall finance: corporate annual reports and performance in the first quarter of the year; real net profit growth in the company in 2017 and the first quarter should have been 14.6 per cent and 23 per cent, after taking into account the factors affecting profits; corporate spending on three costs was more robust, while the low-pressure power Māori rate was reduced by the rise in commodity prices, but we did
The growth rate of low-pressure appliances has increased at a remarkable rate, and is expected to usher in a new cycle; the company has increased its low-pressure appliances by 14.13% over the year 2017, with a marked improvement in the same rate, benefiting from the industry’s climate and low-end production.
1. Re-growth of low-pressure appliances, globalization, home-based photovoltaic production of new growth poles of performance, with sustainable clean-up and a growing share of the company ' s market. At the internal operating level, companies have increased their efforts.
Inputs from industry solutions to move gradually from distribution to project systems, and to develop the “Kunlen” series of products to project-based markets with high value for money to effectively improve overall product quality; in terms of outreach, companies have invested 84 million people in the acquisition of Singapore Daylight Electric to accelerate the process of internationalization of low-pressure appliances.
In the near future, a light-voltage outbreak in households would significantly increase corporate photovoltaic performance; household-voltage cash flows and returns would be attractive for investment, with household-voltage potential of up to 30-35 million in the long run, while company-owned photovoltaic operations had taken the lead in gaining market pre-eminence, with advantages such as geography, whole-industry chains and channels.
The company’s installation target for 2018 is 200,000 units, which are expected to increase the company’s overall net profits by 200 to 300 million dollars. Building an integrated energy solution provider: fully integrating the industrial chain advantages of photovoltaic and low-pressure appliances, large-scale luminous layouts, which will connect the entire industry chain from electricity generation to electricity generation, and a new business model.
From a single equipment-making enterprise to an integrated power enterprise capable of industrial solutions, the company’s low-pressure electrical plates are expected to grow by more than 20% a year, benefiting from the industry’s landscape. Meanwhile, a home-based photovoltaic operation in 2018 will provide a steady profit from the boom-and-blow operation.
There is greater uncertainty about policies such as the net return on profits; large volumes of raw materials may continue to rise to exert pressure on the Maori rate: household photovoltaic development is progressing at a slower rate than expected.
1. Rapid growth in corporate income and net profit growth in the medium term is worth looking forward to 1.1 corporate annual and quarterly performance
New Energy Development Corporation (NERDC) has 100 per cent equity, but considering the merger of the same controlled enterprises throughout 2016 and showing net profit of 61.98 per cent on new energy development, real and net profit of only 478 million if, in the first quarter of 2018, the company also confirmed net profit from the sale of local power plants such as 20 ms, Ningxia, less
In part, the net profit of the company in the first quarter of 2018 should increase at a rate of around 23 per cent. 1.2 The Māori ratio of the company has slightly decreased, with operating and cash flow indicators, and the company spending on three costs is relatively robust. Companies increased 32.52 per cent in 2017 compared to the previous year, mainly in the original.
This is due to the increase in current taxes and management fees as a result of anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed by the United States market. Corporate management costs grew by 13.15% over the same period, corresponding to the growth in corporate revenue.
The increase was more than 20%, which affected 32.48% of corporate low-pressure appliances in 2017, as compared to last year’s increase in raw materials. The rate of photovoltaic tiles was 24.97%, an increase of 1.56 pct, and the rate of corporate-wide Maori was 0.59 pct, which remained stable. We believe that the bulk of raw materials rose throughout 2018.
The company’s low-pressure appliance Māori ratio will be stable, with a near-oriental indication that the company’s current revenue is largely current and financial flows are in good shape.2 Low-pressure appliances are growing at a remarkable rate and are expected to usher in a new cycle of booms.
The annual income from low-pressure electrical panels was over $14 billion, an increase of 14.21 per cent over the same year, of which the sales of “three-by-one” sales were over 10 billion. The industrial landscape continued in the first quarter of 2018, and the beneficiary sectors continued to demand more than 25 per cent of the expected growth in corporate income from low-pressure appliances.
In the future, based on the company’s own excellent combination of power and its own continuing low-end capacity, the market share of low-pressure appliances in the country is expected to grow. Companies are gradually increasing their input into industry solutions, moving from distribution to project systems.
The company relies on the distribution model of more than 2,000 agents, and in 2017 it began to focus on the expansion of its strategic clients, such as the industrial automation industry, the mechanical equipment manufacturing industry, the process and process automation industry.
The relatively high growth in new industries, such as electrical construction (intelligent household housing), shows that companies have increasingly focused on the expansion of new industries over the years to some extent. Downstream manufacturing recovery has been strong in the past year, benefiting industries need to break out, and companies have been able to control electrical growth, reaching 2.3 billion, a 21.43 per cent increase in sales throughout the year.
In January 2016, the company formed a professional research and development team of more than 400 people who had spent three years and spent $150 million on the "Quinlon" series of products to market and improve the quality and brand value of the products.
A low-pressure electrical industry has returned to the age of quality innovation and revolution. The Tae Kulun series of products, based on high-priced, high-quality traditional advantages, has improved the competitiveness of products across four dimensions: safe and reliable, human applications, digital experiences, conservation and environmental protection, and can be tailored to the specific requirements of different industries.
Different solutions, as an important branding sequence for companies to cut into the project-type market, the Klon series has gone through major fairs and markets such as tour tours across cities across the country. The current sales share is likely to have reached more than 20% of the “triple control” and will continue to be significantly replaced in the future.
In addition, Nojak earned $477 million in 2017, making a net profit of $411.72 billion, and won a loss. An annual investment of $84 million in the purchase of Singapore Daylight Electric was designed to make it operational in the Asia-Pacific region.
In the future, the company will intensify its low-pressure appliance globalization 3 through a “one-way” strategy, and the household photovoltaic outbreak will significantly increase the company's photo-voltaic performance and the heaviest profit growth in its photovoltaic operating contribution plate. Photovoltaic revenues reached 8,794 million in 2017.
The growth rate was 18.16% and the net profit was 906 million yuan, a 17.5% increase in the same year. The revenues from the company ' s component and the pc lump-sum model increased by 11.42% and 13.75% respectively, but the Māori rate fell by 1.03pt and increased by 6.06%, respectively, due mainly to a significant improvement in the discharge of light-restricted electricity from the western photovoltaic power station in 2017.
2.17gw., an increase of 0.71gw. The current level of total installed aircraft approved by the public department in 2016, will be effective in ensuring a sustained increase in the size of the aircraft in the future. Technological advances in photovoltaic manufacturing operations are evident, along with an expansion in capacity.
The average conversion efficiency was 21.4 per cent and 20.1 per cent, respectively, and the average power of battery assembly production was 360w. Corporate battery and assembly efficiency has reached industry leadership levels, mainly due to the company ' s use of autonomous research and development of perc platforms and processes, and the production line was fully switched to back-to-back passivation technology in October 2017.
By the end of 2017, the development of new energy sources in Thailand reached around 2.4gw and 1.2gw in Hangzhou, Heining, Germany, Thailand, Viet Nam, Turkey and Turkey, respectively.
The policy supports the rapid development of distributed photovoltaics, which are expected to reach 200,000 households in 2018. The distributional new deal is about to land, and the current photovoltaic policy clearly encourages small and medium-sized businesses and household use projects (consistent with the nature of distributed electricity generation).
Flows and rates of return are quite attractive for investment, rising from 400,000 units in 2017 to 1 million units (80 million units expected by the end of last year) in 2018, with a potential of 30-35 million units in the long term.
Strengths such as chain product coverage and the potential extension channels of 2,000 distributors have taken the lead in the market. By the end of 17, the company had developed 60 agents in Zhejiang province, while 22 agents in Anhui, Henan, Shandong and Jiangsu markets have been installed in more than 40,000 units, up to the Zhejiang border.
More than 40,000 units of households still have more than a rental model, and future household use of a photovoltaic sales model will continue to expand in broad directions. Business and industry areas: companies have achieved residual access patterns, installed over 500mw, or 87% of their overall installed capacity by 2017.
It will limit full access to the Internet, and future side-to-side changes in “wall sales” will be a trend, with companies continuing to promote surplus-connected businesses and household marketing strategies that will allow companies to capture power-sale reform and distributed energy, and based on upstream and downstream research, the low-voltage electrical industry is expected to grow by more than 10 per cent in 2018 as a low-voltage power source.
The company’s low-pressure electrical plate is expected to grow by more than 20% throughout the year, benefiting from the industry’s boom. At the same time, in 2018, the household’s wind-up growth and photo-voltaic operation contributed to a stable profit.
1) Low-pressure appliances are more used in real estate, policies such as limited acquisition of real estate are more characterization and have a greater impact on new areas of real estate construction and real estate sales; in recent years, infrastructure consolidation has become increasingly high in terms of total investment in fixed assets, which will be expected in the future if capital investment slows down
2) Large quantities of raw materials such as copper, steel, and plastics account for higher costs of low-pressure appliances. If large quantities of raw materials continue to rise rapidly, they may have a greater impact on the company’s Māori rate, thus affecting the company’s profitability.
3) Household use of photovoltaics is growing in a volatile manner, with greater market space. But in the process of market opening, large amounts of human and material security are required from firms and distributors, and new types of household use of photovoltaic brands are likely to be larger, leading to increased competition, with both internal and external competition factors likely to lead to less than expected household use of photovoltaics.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.