In 2017, the company achieved a rapid growth of its business and operations and contributed to the growth of its revenue. During the reporting period, the company's operations were characterized by a number of activities.
The solar segment operations accounted for the largest share of solar cell components and generated an operating income of 2,268 million yuan or 23 per cent for the year, an increase of 11.40 per cent for the year; the power station operations increased the most throughout the year.
In the case of op-ed branch operations, end-use appliances realize business income of $4.011 billion, or 17 per cent, for the entire year, total market value/flow (millions of dollars), 611 patents, 521 patent authorizations and 5 industrial standards (revisions),
With the advantage of a firm, there are significant efficiency gains. One is the scale effect, where companies, as low-pressure electrical taps in the country, receive products of the same kind ahead of their domestic counterparts and from scale.
Inter-effects have been effective in reducing costs; second, by streamlining production, companies have fully achieved a lean production model, improved the level of on-site processes, improved efficiency in the management of their production logistics and solidified with advanced information management tools. At the same time, companies have optimized the product structure and reduced it.
The company’s production costs have eventually been effectively controlled and reduced. “Low-pressure appliances + new light-voltage energy sources” have gone hand in hand, creating new energy firms that are intelligently integrated.
Development opportunities will also enable listed companies to take advantage of the opportunities for electricity transformation and upgrade their business models.
At the same time, significant efforts have been made to develop industrial and household photovoltaic systems, with full participation in the user-side distributed power market; to create energy Internet platforms that integrate industrial chain resources for photovoltaic power and electrical production, with synergies.
The equipment-making enterprise has been upgraded to an integrated power enterprise that operates, manages, and manufactures as one, and is committed to becoming the world’s leading intelligent energy developer and operator. Profit predictions: the company’s two-leading companies go hand in hand, actively transforms, and in the future, with the photovoltaic industry.
The company is expected to increase its performance further. From 2018 to 2020 (i) the company is expected to continue to increase its profitability, with a bright quarterly performance of $23.417 billion in operating income for the entire year 2017, an increase of 16.13 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to increase.
At the same time, the company performed well in the first quarter of 2018, achieving operating income of $5.095 billion, an increase of 27.98 per cent over the same period, a decline of 31.89 per cent in the ring; total profits in the first quarter amounted to $738 million, an increase of 59.74 per cent over the same period and a decline of 28.90 per cent in the ring; net solar energy (ii) was well developed and traditional low-pressure operations grew steadily
During the reporting period, the company’s operations were well developed, its photovoltaic operations were very fast, and its traditional operations remained steadily growing. Solar cell units accounted for the largest share of solar segment operations, with a year-round operating income of $5.268 billion, or 23 per cent, an increase of 11.40 per cent compared to the previous year; power plant operations recorded the largest increase, with a year-round operating income of $1,702 million, an increase of 53.20 per cent, or 7 per cent compared to the previous year;
The PV project was contracted to generate revenues of 1,824 million yuan a year, an increase of 13.72 per cent, or 8 per cent. In the traditional low-pressure branch industry, real Thai appliances (601877) — in parallel with the two industries — there was an increase in the net interest rate for the sale of new and innovative sources of energy, with an increase of 92.9 percentage points, or 0.15 percentage points, in the same year, of 12.60 percentage points in the first quarter.
(iv) A steady increase in the profitability of photovoltaic operations, which reached $8,794 million in 2017, and a 24,97 per cent increase in Māori compared to 155 last year, with the highest level of profitability in power station operations, with Māori contributions of $1,010 million and Māori of 59.32 per cent during the reporting period, compared to the same period last year
6.05 percentage points higher; solar cell operating profitability remained stable, contributing 870 million Māori in 2017 and 16.52 per cent Māori, a decrease of 1.03 percentage points from last year; PV engineering contract profitability decreased, Māori (v) financial costs changed significantly throughout 2017 and R&D costs continued to grow.
As a result of fund-raising, financial costs in 2017 reached $505 million in 2016, up from the same period last year, to boost sales revenues. This represents an annual increase of 6.29 per cent. This represents 3.39 per cent of the income from the main business. Companies attach great importance to R & D, increasing R & D inputs from year to year, for the reporting period.
In total, the company invested $793.858 million in R & D, with 115 new product development, 28 new products, technology adaptation, 21 patents, 611 patents, 521 patents, 5 industrial standards (revisions) and 690 domestic and foreign certifications. More than 400 professional R & D teams of companies spent three years developing and investing $150 million in R & D.
The comprehensive roll-out of the series of Lon products has significantly enhanced the quality and brand value of the positive Thai products.Figure 12: R & D inputs for 2013-2017 (vi) The combined profitability of reduced operations is still declining.
(i) The low-pressure electric power conglomerate has continued to bring down efficiency gains. The low-pressure electrical industry is a fully internationally competitive and highly marketed industry that has formed transnational corporations and domestic firms.
As a leader in the low-pressure appliance market, companies’ marketing network advantages, brand advantages, and technological and managerial advantages help the company to continue to strengthen its leadership. There are more core distributors and more than 2,800 distribution outlets, with provincial capital cities as the backbone of the district.
Cost control is based on two main advantages: scale effects, where companies, as domestic low-pressure power taps, receive the same products ahead of their domestic counterparts, and the marginal effects of scale, which effectively reduce costs; and streamlined production, where companies achieve a full-scale, streamlined production model, improve on-site processes, improve the efficiency of company production logistics management and apply advanced information management.
At the same time, the company optimizes its product structure and lowers its production costs, resulting in the company's production costs receiving (ii) a dual mastership of “low-pressure appliances + new photovoltaic energy” and the company completing its acquisition of new energy sources in Jeong-tae in late 2016, creating a dual-owner business of “low-pressure appliances + new light energy”.
New energy sources are the first private enterprises in the country to move from photovoltaic manufacturing to photovoltaic power plants, equipped with a pool of highly capable and experienced people in many fields, such as development, design and engineering, and specialized transport. As the leading domestic private investment firm in photovoltaic power, distributed power plant developers and investors, the country and the country accumulated 3.6gw of grid-connected power plants.
Construction projects over 1gw: holding power station equity installed with more than 2gw. The company provides customers with a comprehensive solution to the photovoltaic power plant, based on its rich project development, design and construction experience, using the new energy platform, deep-farm photovoltaic assemblies and battery tablets, manufacturing, investment in the field of photovoltaic power plants, construction, operation, and overseas engineering packages.
The company and the company's new energy development, in conjunction with electricity reform, have created great opportunities for development, and will also achieve a strategic layout for the listed companies to harness the opportunities for electricity transformation and upgrade the business model.
At the same time, there will be a major effort to develop industrial and domestic photovoltaic systems and to participate fully in the user-side distributed power market; the creation of an Internet platform that integrates and synergizes industrial chain resources for photovoltaic and electrical production.
(iii) Actively transforming to create innovative new energy and electricity enterprises, both of which go hand-in-hand with new and innovative energy and electricity.
The company responded to the call of the state for its 2025 smart manufacturing, actively promoting industrial upgrading, and has already automated the industrial control and terminal manufacturing centres. The next step will be for the company to continue the transition to a full upgrading of the intelligent manufacturing industry and to work as a core provider of the entire intelligent manufacturing system. The company’s 2018 business strategy includes a three-pronged shift:
The first is from low-voltage electrical components, building appliances, electrical instruments, electronics, industrial automation, photovoltaic batteries and components to industries such as electrical power, new energy materials and graphene cores, storage devices and systems, high-end manufacturing equipment, investment in new energy power plants, etc.
Transferring from technological innovation to high-end equipment manufacturing and smart manufacturing technologies, autonomous research and development of client-led innovation, with enterprises integrating forward-looking innovation and acquisition in collaboration with scientific institutions.
Advanced technology, building a global R & D system. The company’s two-leading companies have gone hand in hand, actively transformed, and its future performance is expected to increase further with the boom in the photovoltaic sector and $2.51/share, corresponding to p16, 13, and 11 times, with a “buy-in” rating.
The company's low-pressure electrical business is growing faster than expected, the price of photovoltaic products is at risk, the power station is operating less than expected, the photovoltaic industry is working better (601877) — the two main industries are moving in tandem, and the Institute of Innovative and New Energy Power is building.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.