The low-pressure appliance industry continues to thrive, with three strategic support dragons, many of which contribute to the recovery of low-pressure appliances from “ashore” to “mountaining”.
Against a background of steady growth, a new wave of real estate since 2016, rapid recovery of manufacturing, massive demand in emerging sectors such as Su, lithium, and 3c, and full release of the overstretched demand for expansion have contributed to rapid growth in the low-pressure appliance sector.
The rate of growth in the area of work has remained at over 7 per cent, and the pmi over-expected in May indicates that the manufacturing sector is still in a state of expansion and that growth dynamics in the emerging sectors remain strong in the context of the economic transition, which leads us to conclude that the sustained recovery in the low-pressure electrical industry is still strong.
With a huge distribution system, distribution is extremely efficient. Thirty-carriage start-ups create pyramid channels similar to those of the fast, fast-growing performance, low-pressure appliances, and the thousands of dealers in household consumer goods.
The company has efficient operating and cash flow mechanisms, 2. " Low voltage appliances are back on high growth, big intelligence, global receivables turnover, stock turnover, net cash flow from operating activities, etc., are more resilient than shoulder capital leaders. "
The average number of low-pressure appliances in companies reached 25.35% in 2012-2017, and with six manufacturing dragons, such as Glycerine, Heconway, Fulbright Glass, Grand National Laser, etc.
The three strategic providers of low-voltage appliances have continued to grow over the long term, and electrician products have expanded to the end of c. Up-to-end upgrading, globalization, and industry project solutions have expanded.
Three strategic convergences are taking place in the medium and long term, with positive results for short-term performance growth, promising better endogenous development capabilities. The construction electric industry is moving towards retail age, with the flag of Skycats selling 100 million in double sales, the Thai circuit breakers raising 120 million to keep the record of the New Kyoto people, and pushing hard.
Toc innovative marketing models and bold attempts to implement Internet concepts in the broader context of rising consumption.
A number of measures have been taken to actively address the impact of the PV New Deal and the limited impact on the performance of the PV plate. The company’s impact on the downside of the PV operation in the country is expected in 2018, through product upgrades, early implementation of the overseas epc project, M&A acquisition of grid-distributed power stations, development of a PV third-party operation.
The company is a low-pressure electrical tap, benefiting from a sustained upswing in the low-pressure electrical industry in 2018. It is expected that the higher-than-expected decline in the landscape in the photovoltaic industry will affect the company’s household and domestic epc profitability;
Policies such as land acquisition restrictions have greater uncertainty: the upstream bulk raw material sector may continue to rise to the Māori ratio,1 and the low-pressure electrical industry from “ashore” to “mountaining”, noting that industry's capacity for sustained development 1.1 low-pressure appliances is on the verge of a new round of rapid growth, with an overall upward trend in the share of private enterprises
The low-pressure appliance industry is a fully competitive market, highly marketed, and now has both foreign and domestic resources working together and competing with each other.
A positive ratio, with 10,000 kw generating capacity, corresponds to about 60,000 low-pressure appliances. As the demand for electricity continues to increase, it will result in significant incremental demand, as well as demand for replacement and maintenance of current low-pressure appliances, and demand for replacement of stocks of old low-pressure appliances, which together constitute the addition of new low-pressure appliances each year.
Total demand. But what has contributed to the rapid growth of electricity capacity and demand for electricity is what we want to focus on in section 1.2 here.
After entering China in the 1980s, with hard R&D power, product quality, and advanced marketing methods, they quickly took advantage of high-end markets. As FDI grew in high-end markets with bottlenecks, firms such as Schneider began to lay low- and medium-end markets and introduced a range of low- and medium-end products to the public.
Camps, especially the middle- and high-end private markets, hit hard, while landmark events: in 2006, Schneider and De Lixi each financed 50 per cent of the Delixie Electric Company, which was established with the main objective of seizing low-end markets on a massive scale and of holding private brands upwards. 1) As private enterprises and foreign investment become less and less performing, at the core of their skills.
The rapid breakthroughs in technology and the increasingly sophisticated management capabilities and marketing strategies have slowed the relative growth of foreign firms represented by Schneider, abb, Siemens, ge, and Eton, especially in recent years. The share of foreign capital has begun to decline.) In 2014-2016, China ' s economy was under much downward pressure.
In Wenzhou, Willu City, Jiang Suyan, the middle low-end productive capacity began to rise as a result of persistent low demand levels and the break-up of the financial chain. The share of cr5 and cr10 from 2015 to 2017 has been rising steadily. In the last three years, the share of private enterprises on one side has gradually increased, while the share of cr10 has been concentrated gradually, with the shares of Jeong-tae, Li Xin,
High-quality private enterprises, often known, are getting the best of their times in history. Tools, ats, end appliances, and control appliances.
Based on macroeconomic analysis and industry field research, we believe that this low-pressure appliance recovery is based on the following four dimensions. Meanwhile, new real-estate construction remained above 7% in April of 2018, pmi shows that manufacturing is still expanding and that growth in emerging industries is still strong in the context of economic transition.
So we judge that this round of low-pressure appliances continues to be resilient. (i) Real estate opened a new wave of construction in 2016: real estate is an important downstream application of low-pressure appliances.
The negative growth in the area of production was sustained until May 2015, when the cumulative volume of real estate sales began to positive on a year-on-year basis and reached a small peak of 22.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2016, while the real estate sector was under considerable inventory pressure owing to the low level of housing sales in 2014-2015.
Negative growth, until the start of real estate in 2016, when new construction began at the beginning of the year, rose by 8.1 per cent throughout 2016, and we saw a turning point in the explosion of low-pressure appliances in 2017, owing to a delay of about one year in the use of low-pressure appliances in real estate relative to the size of new construction houses.
Real estate sales have led the lead in the area of new start-up of real estate and in the acquisition of land by developers, the sale of real estate, the start-up of new start-up of real estate, the acquisition of land by developers, and the cumulative improvement of the same target.
The cycle of re-entry of real estate also led by sales to lower stocks, which led to an increase in the area of new construction and lower soil storage, and the subsequent increase in land acquisition by real estate providers following a reduction in the area of land storage, as low-pressure electrical usage in the real estate sector was around one year in relation to the area of new construction.
The rate of growth in low-pressure appliances since 2017 is also rapidly warming. The growth in the volume of new construction in 2017 was 7 per cent on a year-on-year basis and 8.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2016, and in April 2018, the area of new construction in real estate was 7.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, so we think it was the first year in 2018 and the first year in 2019.
Quarterly low-pressure appliances will remain robust in the real-estate sector. (ii) Since 2016, q3 has seen a rapid recovery in manufacturing, with fixed-asset investments stabilizing demand for low-pressure appliances: this round of manufacturing recovery, with a slight lag behind downstream manufacturing profits.
At the beginning, the country’s manufacturing landscape improved somewhat, and manufacturing profits continued to grow at a rapid rate in the first quarter of 2016 as compared to the overall manufacturing profits in 2018. This round of manufacturing recovery was accompanied by significant improvements in profitability, and the last round of high-quality enterprises that were left behind at a low point in the manufacturing landscape did not have rapid expansion, first of all.
Further deleveraging until September 2016, when the cumulative increase in fixed-asset investment in manufacturing hit a turning point. After spring season in 2018, manufacturing pmi and fixed-asset investment were both relatively low in the quarter, but manufacturing fixed-assembly rebounded in April, with the cumulative increase in fixed-asset investment rising to 4.8 per cent in the previous April.
In May, pmi reached 51.9. It was even higher since October 2017, indicating that manufacturing has continued to grow and that increased capital spending on fixed assets in manufacturing has helped to stimulate the demand for electricity distribution equipment and to control the growth of appliances in manufacturing.
And the acquisition of machinery and equipment, as well as the automation of traditional manufacturing processes. The construction of the building will be an investment in the construction of the building, which will require new or additional electrical equipment, thus stimulating the need for electrical appliances.
(iii) High demand pull in emerging sectors 3c, lithium, new energy, idc, etc. New industries have experienced rapid expansion and technological innovation in recent years. 3c, lithium, new energy, etc., have experienced rapid growth in production capacity and human costs in recent years
For low-pressure appliances, large-scale investment and technological changes in emerging industries have been very significant. For low-pressure appliance enterprises, how to improve product storage and marketing coverage in emerging industries is likely to improve performance.
Figure 8: The scale of new energy loadings has continued to rise significantly since 2017 (iv) The macroeconomic winter has been so cold that demand has been overstretched that it has been fully released, some low-pressure electrical stocks in enterprises have been destroyed for the first time by gdp in 2015, the global economy has continued to weaken, and our domestic and external orders in manufacturing have been rapid.
In 2016, with the sustained recovery of manufacturing, the ability to retain businesses has increased dramatically, and those that have been overstretched have been transformed.
Often, large- and medium-sized manufacturing firms have a stock of high-flow low-voltage appliances, such as frame breakers, to prevent damage to low-voltage appliances, which, according to our research, are at a relatively low level.
So some large and medium-sized enterprises should have started or will in the future replenish some of the low-pressure electrical standing stocks.2 The high growth rate of the low-pressure electrical appliances has continued.
Compared to the project-based and distribution-based Schneider and the project-oriented sales model-focused good-letters, the company is a small number of distribution-oriented companies in the market, while the other is the Delisi Group, founded by the Governor of the South Bank, who works together with the Master of the Windward Switching Plant in Wenzhou.
Focusing on the low-pressure electrical industry, and gradually evading the gap between the country’s product and the country’s product, Delixie. In 1990, both Nakaru and Hu started their new business and quickly became the industry’s top two leading companies until the end of the 1990’s.
Some west. Delixie started testing real estate and logistics around 2004, but then became a tight money chain because of the large stand and the contraction of the country’s macroeconomics and credit. Delixie, Schneider, joined forces in 2006 to form the Delixie Electric Company at 50%.
The situation ended with a sign event that was not working well with both sides at a later stage, and Delixie was mistaken for the good developments. The sustained growth of 13.7% between 2008 and 2017 in the electrical sector, thanks to a strong distribution system and a mature management system, was achieved.
In 2015 the company’s low-pressure appliance Māori rate and net interest rate were compared to 2008 and a large distribution system similar to that of fast consumer goods was set up to maximize the distribution of products. Based on the annual intake, the company has set up a corresponding level of agency from provincial to township distributors.
There are thousands of distributor systems. We compare the distribution system with the cleaning system, which represents the fast-distribution of consumer goods.
Because the merchants can take out goods of at least 100 million sizes a year, all the sub-level agents can get goods from any agent in the system, precisely because of the price competition that exists within the distributor itself, which in turn makes the entire system equally large (the same area basically corresponds to one level).
Business prices can be broadly uniform. Consequent price competition also keeps the system’s distributors’ profits within a relatively reasonable range, and the return of firms based on the size of their shipments throughout the year further stimulates sales activity by agents.
Companies have an efficient operating and cash flow capacity. In recent years, the company’s inventory turnover has stabilized at 40-60 days, well below the industry’s average.
At the same time, the average number of working days in receivables is only 48 days, better than most companies in the industry, as distributors need to place an advance bill and basically a full-time delivery year. Similarly, the net cash flow/business income from the company’s operations has been maintained as a result of this type of distribution model.
The company’s low-pressure electrical business is extremely profitable. The company benefited from efficient operating capacity, year-to-year higher levels of Maori, and excellent cash flow, with the company’s low-pressure electrical plate 2012-2017.
With low-pressure appliances Māori rates and net interest rates, 2018 low-pressure appliances roe is expected to pick up rapidly with a return to normal net interest rates), profitability and yield quality are still far ahead of other low-voltage electrical companies, and are comparable to manufacturing leaders such as gravitators, beautiful appliances, boss appliances, glazing glass, large-scale lasers, and seaconway visions.
So, the low-pressure appliance net asset is equivalent to the net corporate asset - Jung-hyeon net energy development asset 2.2 is more important than the industrial landscape, and the rise in corporate competitiveness reflected in the three strategic chemical responses is evident in 2017, with the low-pressure appliance sector remaining strong in 2018, according to industry.
Research suggests that this year’s growth in the industry is expected to be “break-down.” But it is growing faster than the income generated by the industry’s climate. We believe that upgrading at the mid-to-high end, the transformation of project solutions, and the globalization strategy really enhances the competitiveness of low-pressure appliances in companies and will safeguard their health in the longer term.
1. Medium- and high-end upgrades, whereby the Klon series of products will innovate based on value for money, increasing the share of the mid-end market: low-pressure appliances have strong consumer industrial properties, while unbranded, insecure, low-quality products will gradually be discarded, while the other side sells technical barriers + industrial integration + client demand will drive down
The voltage industry is moving to the middle and upper end, and there are now signs of mid and high-end upgrades: many business users are raising their low-pressure budgets. Companies, as the first private brand of low-pressure appliances, are well known and develop technology, but generally position low and medium-end markets by launching Noyak around 2010, 2016.
The introduction of the Klon series of low-voltage electrical products is a reflection of the high-end upgrading strategy of the company. The company’s Klen series has a special segmentation, high-compatibility function, taking into account the distribution market, the various industrial markets, and the electricity market.
The instrumental sector has returned to the era of quality innovation and revolution, while price increases have not been evident. In 2017, Klon’s products were sold over 2 billion dollars, and it is hoped that the future will continue to accelerate the replacement of the original products, creating a product that is truly well recognized and valued.
The company is now increasingly focusing on project solutions while strengthening its distribution strategy.
Accumulation of the programme’s marketing capacity is under way to build a project marketing team that will provide a package of system solutions for the electricity, machinery, construction, communications, heating, metallurgy, petrochemical, etc. In terms of products: the Kunon series, the Noyak series of products, with special applications in the industry market, will be used as a carnival.
The company will build on the advantages of a well-developed electrical product line from the Just-Thai Group to increase the accumulation of new industries, such as railing, new energy sources, and traditional industry solutions to meet the specific technology requirements of individual industries to the maximum extent possible.
These agents will help companies to achieve wider project coverage and upgrade the corporate project system. In addition, greater collaboration and sharing of resources in the industrial manufacturing sector with Chong Xinhua and Chung Xinhua will also help companies to make better use of the overall solutions in manufacturing electricity and automation.
3) Globalization: The global market for low-pressure appliances is estimated to be more than $50 billion, and global warming will create a larger space for business growth. By contrast, low-pressure electrical products are now sold overseas on a larger scale, and will help him to truly become a global company.
Tenorjak, which is doing a major business overseas, has now established an Egyptian factory in 2016, and acquired Singapore solar and electrical power in 2017 for localized production and localization services. The company has established an offshore factory, centred on the country in which the plant is located, a radiation-neighbouring area, which meets the requirements of a long-standing offshore container programme, and
The sales of low-pressure appliances were driven by low-pressure packages. The sales of low-pressure appliances abroad grew at a similar rate in 2017, and the overall sales of low-pressure appliances were not high.
2.3 Electricians have typical consumer goods properties, extend distribution channels to end-C through the Internet and the Underline Experience Shops, help rejuvenate the Internet, create creative brands, and use the Power Network Operators ' operations through the Network Technology Company Ltd.
For four years in a row, Skycat was a champion in the electronics industry at the official flag shop single shop. The two 11s were a small microcosm of the development of e-commerce. In 2010, Thailand was looking at the Internet channel.
From 2 million sales in 2010 to 1 1 1 1 1 day sales in 2017, Jung-tae completed a coordinated development of the web-based marketing network from the bottom-tob to the bottom-line. In terms of products: the dominant user of the current smart household is also a group of young people.
At the same time that he maintains the advantage of traditional electric products, he is also paying attention to the fashion, age, and lightening demands of young consumers. Customized large panel switches, creative ball plugs, smart plugs, and custom-made products from the Internet play Trinity Three and Ten Mile Flowers show the power of the electrician consumer, and so on.
The electric industry is entering a new retailing era in digital media. It is more important to create innovative branding than Internet access.
In recent years, with good product quality and brand image, a strategic partnership has been forged with well-known real-estaters, such as Bézione Gardens, Dragon Lake Estates, and the China Real-estate Development Corporation 500 top-ranked company, which has become the preferred brand for switch panels and lighting-type products.
Beyond the home and strategic real estate customer channels, we believe that Internet channels can most directly talk about consumers, better promote brand rejuvenation, creativity, and maximum dissemination. In 2017, Chétea put the ability to “innovate” to the extreme, move the live room into the user's home, and demonstrate on-site the true Thai product.
Various forms of communication, such as flash video, kol creative graphics, combined with the promotion of the Skycat 2-Eleven platform. Internet crowd-mobilization models of innovative power providers are accelerating the rise of their businesses and exploring ways to transform their practices.
On May 17th, 2018, he raised 120 million yuan, completed 1,200 per cent, updated the record of the highest public fundraiser in Kyoto, and made such a breaker.
Traditional examples of the classic marketing of industrial goods. In fact, traditional small circuit breakers are also used in the home, but the addition of the word “home-based” better emphasizes the marketing orientation of the “home-based” concept.
An excellent promotional effect has been to focus more and more consumers on positive and positive matters. With this breakout company, which has highlighted the sub-area of “home safety”, it has created a perfect template for companies to move into more high-end and detailed sub-areas in the future.
2.3.2 The Chamber of Commerce was set on fire at the Jeong-tae School of Lighting and the next station of shopping. From the end of 2017, the company began on the ground in Liaoning, Anhui, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Hebei, Shandong, Fujian, Heilongjiang, Hubei, Hu-nan, etc.
We believe that companies are promoting this type of bottom-b2b2c marketing based on long-term planning and very strategic marketing experience in the era of consumer upgrading.
It also covers not only lighting, but also fingerprinting, smart surveillance, environmental monitoring, and full-line electrician products, and is truly committed to bringing consumers a one-stop shop. Figure 21: Rapid growth in sales of building blocks in 2017
Three, a number of measures have been taken to deal positively with the new PV, with limited performance, and companies are taking positive measures to deal with the new PV, which has had a limited impact on the company’s performance this year. The company’s PV performance has been concentrated in power generation operations (we measured the profits from electricity generation at $600 million last year, which is about the total).
The subsidy for power generation from the storage power station will not be affected and the number of hours of electricity use will continue to rise significantly in the recent period.
Foreign market demand is strong, and lock prices benefit from a fall in upstream silicon. Overall, the main market for this business is overseas, less affected by domestic market demand, and the net profit from its contribution will remain stable in 2018. 2) Overseas power stations: EEP projects have a reserve of over 300mw, as the domestic epc project will be in the second half of the year.
The net profit from domestic epc operations is at a downside risk, with companies planning to push overseas epc projects ahead of schedule in order to hedge their domestic epc operations. We expect to reach the same size overseas and domestic epc in 2018, respectively.
3) Acquisition of power stations: this year, 400mw distributed power stations were acquired to compensate for the impact of autonomous power development. By the end of the first quarter of this year, the company had 1348 and 619mw centralized power stations operating in the country.
4) Oscillation of household use: The company is actively working with its counterparts to create a policy buffer period in the home use market to minimize the impact of the undelivered household system. The rapid decline in the components may have a greater impact on the price of the system’s inventory for distributors and involve some communication and appeasement costs for farmers.
This business will have a certain impact on the company’s net profits. Combined, manufacturing, overseas epc, photo-voltaic operations can have a net profit of around $1 billion, plus the net gains that can be recognized at the 200mw equity plant sold to Zhejiang Water Investment Group this year.
With $290 million in RMK and the rapid decline in the domestic epc, and the rapid decline in the light-volatage of households, the company ' s overall net return profit in 2017 reached approximately $2.84 billion, of which the net profit from new energy development in the country reached $906 million, and the company ' s shareholding ratio at year end reached 100 per cent, so to a large extent,
In 2017, the net profit on low-pressure appliances was around $1.95 billion, and the net profit on photovoltaic plates was around $890 million.According to the continuing industry landscape, corporate low-pressure electrical panels will grow by more than 20 per cent in size, taking into account a 3-6 per cent increase in the Māori ratio of company-owned products by the fall of major commodity prices in the first quarter, and
With the increase in productivity brought about by smart manufacturing and scale effects, we expect the company's low-pressure power plate Māori rate to rise to more than 34 per cent, the overall net profit on low-pressure appliances to increase by more than 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis, to reach $2.44 billion in investment, the business is moving into a rapid development phase with a 31 per cent increase in revenue and a net profit increase.
Starting in 2017, the low-pressure electrical industry continued to warm, corporate collections and performance returned to higher levels, and in recent years corporate low-pressure electrical overseas operations, project transformations, and Internet marketing were successful, with companies being valued 20x of low-pressure appliances in 2018, corresponding to 48.8 billion yuan of low-pressure appliances in 2018.
After the introduction of the new PV, the entire society is expected to undergo a major overhaul this year, and in the worst case scenario, a full year of photovoltage is projected to be 30-33gw, which is a significant drop in the same year, and the overall valuation of the plates has been significantly affected.
They believe that there is no risk of seriously affecting the business of leading domestic firms, such as those in the city, and that, with the baptism of the industry, their industry will only be stronger. With the future price parity on the Internet, the outlook for the photovoltaic industry is still huge, so the overall light value is at the heart of the valuation.
It should be between 10-15x. The company’s photovoltaic operation is profitable, but it also takes into account the company’s luminous head position at home, the position of domestic firms leading the epc business abroad, and the photovoltaic, electrical whole-sector fabric.
1) The new PV will result in a significant reduction in the size of domestic installed aircraft, and if the industry’s climate falls beyond market expectations, the company’s domestic epc operations and domestic photovoltaics will be more affected. 2) The bulk of raw materials such as copper, steel, plastics, etc. will be more expensive for low-pressure appliances.
Larger increases may have a greater impact on the company ' s Māori rate, thereby affecting the company ' s level of profitability.3 Low-pressure appliances are used in larger quantities in real estate, with greater uncertainty about policies such as limited acquisition of real estate, and have a greater impact on the area of new work in real estate and on the sale of real estate.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment