Waldensecurities International-a study, 5 September 2023
Having an integrated whole-of-industry chain is well-structured, and the creation of letters is expected to benefit fully from the increased demand for accelerated and intelligent numeracy 603019.sh. Investment value analysis reports Deep-farming in the core information infrastructure area, with significant advantages in the integration of whole-of-industry chain layout.
Our leading enterprises in the field of core information infrastructure, mainly in high-end computing, storage, security, data development and manufacturing of related products such as the recommended (first) centre, and through active layout intelligent computing, big data, cloud computing, etc.
The business, which has developed a well-developed layout of the “one-end-of-the-heart” integrated whole-of-industry chain, has had a significant competitive advantage. The market share of the company’s IDC infrastructure has been at the top of the domestic industry for many years, and more than 50 cloud computing centres have been established throughout the country, with the largest network of arithmetic services in the country.
The Chinese Academy of Securities and International Studies in China holds real holdings and has good technological genes. The company's real-life calculations of the Chinese Academy of Sciences are supported by the strong scientific and technological advantages of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Sfc: aak004 is a strong market leader in the construction of the base of our credit industry. The company maintains a leading industry in core business areas such as high-end computers, liquid cooling, self-researching product ratios, and self-researching core components.
The introduction of a holistic solution for liquid cooling is expected to further increase market share. Companies have been active in the field of liquid cooling technology as early as 2011 and have further extended their technological leadership to storage.
The first industry liquid cold storage product has been introduced. The company's one-storage whole-line liquid cooling solution optimizes the data centre to 1.04 and allows the data centre to cool naturally throughout the year. We believe that the corporate liquid cooling industry has a clear lead and that the liquid cooling infrastructure industry continues to be configured.
With the creation of 5a-level centres of intelligence and a platform for arithmetic services, it is expected to benefit fully in the age of intelligence. The company’s 5a-level centres of intelligence have a good punctuation effect, and projects have been completed in various parts of Guangdong, Anhui, Zhejiang, etc.
At the same time, the company has created a national platform for integrated numeracy services, providing the largest network of numeracy services in the country. It can provide a flexible supply of a variety of numeracy, significantly reducing the numeracy threshold for computational applications, and helping to calculate the benefits.
Intelligent technology has become a major breakthrough and application scene, smart computing needs are expected to grow rapidly and companies have the leading intellectual numeracy resources in the industry, with high growth prospects for future operations.
Information infrastructure is a new type of infrastructure based on a new generation of information technologies, including various types of communication network infrastructure, new technological infrastructure, and arithmetic infrastructure. The information infrastructure industry provides an important hardware infrastructure and network operating service to society as an important pillar of digital economic development in the information age.
In the national standards for the security of critical information infrastructure requirements, they are defined as: public communications and information services, energy, transport, water, finance, public services, e-government, defence science and technology industries, and other important sectors and areas that, if damaged, disabled or data leaked, may seriously endanger national security, national livelihoods, public interest, etc.
Networking facilities, information systems, etc. 1.1.1. The digital economy of our country is booming and the size of the arithmetic is expected to sustain high growth.
In recent years, our digital economy has grown rapidly and has become a major engine for the dynamic development of our economy. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications, in 2022, our digital economy reached 50.2 trillion yuan.
For the first time, 50 trillion yuan was broken; the year 2017-2022 saw a mixed annual growth rate of 13.04%. During the same period, our digital economy accounted for 13.04%, while the digital economy flourished from the strong support of our information infrastructure, such as the 5g network, data centres, and the industrial Internet.
According to the idc data, our composite computing capability index was 71 points in 2022, the second largest in the United States, and the first camp with a significant lead. It is expected that the algorithm model will become more complex and the size of the data parameters high as artificial intelligence technology develops and is applied further.
Growth is expected to lead to a rapid increase in demand for arithmetic, especially smart numeracy. According to idc projections, in 2026, a strong growth in arithmetic demand is expected to continue over the long term.
Figure 4: The scale of our numeracy and projections for 2019-2026 and the chronic imbalance in the distribution of our numeracy resources between East and West were launched in February 2022, in order to further rationalize the integration of numeracy resources, and to effectively increase the numeracy resource utilization, intensification and data centre energy efficiency levels.
The construction of 8 major national computing hub nodes and a cluster of 10 national data centres at the national planning stage will complete the storage and processing of large amounts of data in the eastern region in the western region. The future operation of a robust computing network through the “East and West” project is expected to significantly increase industry convergence, effectively address regional imbalances in supply and demand, and further expand.
At present, the construction of the eight major national computing hub nodes for the “East and West” project is fully under way, and the overall project is in its full-scale construction phase. According to Chinese government online data, as of March 2023, more than 400 billion yuan had been added to the country’s construction-related investments;
Over the course of the 14th Five-Year Plan, it is expected that the cumulative scale of investment will exceed $3 trillion. At the same time, given the size of the future market for large and sustained operational services, the East-West Project is expected to generate a significant market increase for the development of our information infrastructure industry, the characteristics of the eight main hub nodes of the East-West Project and future development thinking.
With the acceleration of the creation of our letter, the major domestic suppliers, whose share of the domestic market is now significantly ahead. For example, according to the data from our server, the market was broken down by the idc in 2022.
The top three, wave information, Xinhua III and super-consolidated, are domestic producers, with a combined market share of 55.4 per cent. China’s core information infrastructure headlines, with companies now focusing on the domestic market, with market shares of major products at the top of the industry. According to Saidi’s consultants, companies are liquids in China between 2021 and the first half of 2023.
The cold data centre's share of the infrastructure market has been steady for many years, with an average market share of 58.8% over the period, and according to idc data, the company distributed document storage business was ranked second in the second place for eight consecutive years in 2014-2021. For high-end calculations, in China's high-performance computer Top 100 rankings in 2022, the company had 10 systems on the list in table numbers.
In the top 100, the market share of companies ranks third. 1.2. Trends in the development of the information infrastructure sector, with the growing importance of digital elements, is driven by industrial policies to accelerate the development of the information infrastructure sector
In 2020, the Central Committee of the Communist Party and the State Council issued an Opinion on the Establishment of an Institutional Mechanism for the Marketized Allocation of Better Elements, which for the first time incorporated data into the production factor and set out clear requirements for accelerating the development of the data factor market. Since then, the development of the digital economy and the data factor market in the country has been facilitated by the continuation of relevant industrial policies, which have given a strong impetus to the country ' s new information infrastructure.
The creation of a large market space and the emergence of a green, low-carbon development of the industry The widening landscape of artificial intelligence technologies and applications is expected to contribute to the rapid growth of the need for upstream intelligence, and the creation of a large market space in the future. The emergence of a generic model, represented by chhatgpt, brings with it the need for smart computing
In 2019, for example, the training parameter for gpt-2 was 1.5 billion; in 2020, the training parameter for gpt-3 rose across the pattern to $175 billion, and the need for intellectual computing increased to a certain extent.
In the post-Moor Law era, in the face of the huge future of computing demands, it is expected that the IQC, which is largely built by high-performance computers, will provide a strong computing base, and that the IQC will build an empty market.
At present, several cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou have introduced specific local industrial support policies.
According to the National Information Centre, more than 30 cities in the country are currently building or proposing to build an IQC, adding to the construction of the “East and West” project, which is expected to rise to the double carbon target, the data centre transition to a low-carbon energy-efficient economy has become a consensus, and the solution for the liquid cold system is promising in the future in recent years.
As the demand for numeracy rises, the demand for data centre carrying capacity increases, resulting in a significant trend towards high nuancement of single cabinets and a rapid increase in their power. According to Sadie's consultant, in 2025, the global data centre single cabinet is expected to have an average capacity of 25 kw, with a further significant increase of 21.95% compared to 2023. The single cabinet capacity is expected to increase significantly.
According to the Chinese Institute for Standardization of Electronic Technology, energy consumption in 2021 amounted to 216.6 billion kilowatt-hours, accounting for about 2.6% of the electricity consumed by the entire community. According to the source, in 2019, 43% of the energy consumption in our data centre was spent on the evaporation of the int equipment, which was already operating with the int equipment itself.
In July 2021, the three-year action plan for the development of the new data centre (2021-2023), published by the Ministry of Information and Communications, clearly stated that by the end of 2023, the new data centre would be large-scale.
According to the Chinese Institute of Digital Infrastructure Research, there are several provincial data centre projects that actually require approval and approval for the design of schemes below 1.2.
The national average for mega-data centres is 1.36 per cent, and for large data centres 1.42 per cent, which is higher than the current policy, and there is a wide scope for technological alternatives for future products on the stock market.
The Ministry of Government and the Ministry of Eco-Environment co-published the Program to Promote Carbon Reach Implementation through the In-depth Implementation of the Green Low Carbon Lead Initiative of Public Institutions, which encourages the application of high-intensity, high-efficiency equipment, i.e., i.i., i.e., high-density integrated, i.e., high-efficiency i.i., i.e., liquid cold radiating, i.e., the use of liquid alternative air as a refrigerant for heat exchange with heat components in the t equipment.
To achieve its evaporation technology, the breakdown of the technology can be divided into direct cooling immersion phase, non-recording technology, indirect cooling, cooling board technology, etc., three major mainstream technological directions, with particular emphasis on impregnated immersion technology. Compared to traditional wind-cooling technologies, liquid cooling can significantly reduce the energy consumption of data centres and achieve low-carbon energy savings while also effectively upgrading servers.
In view of the future, we have a vast space for building cold data centres and replacing the stock market. According to Sadie's consultant, the market size of the cold data centre is conservatively projected to be $12.832 billion in 2025, and compound growth is projected to be high at 30.41 per cent in 2019-2025.
The company was established in 1996 to lead the country’s core information infrastructure. The company is mainly involved in the development and manufacture of high-end computing, storage, security, data centres, etc., and is active in the field of smart computing, big data, cloud computing, etc. The consensus insists on technological and innovation-enabled digital China, which has been built after more than 20 years.
In the area of year-end deep-farming information infrastructure, there are now three leading international smart manufacturing production bases and five major research and development centres, and urban cloud computing centres are deployed in more than 50 cities around the country, leading the market share industry in the main business areas. Companies started their business at the high end, starting with the dawn of 1,000 years of autonomous corporate research and development, and since then companies have been doing high-performance calculations.
At the same time, companies are committed to building a complete high-performance computing industry chain layout and expanding their business areas. In 2015, companies launched a data-China corporate strategy and began to deploy a nationwide data-counting network; and in the same year, they launched a national roll-out.
In 2017, the company set up the Dawn Storage Company to start a dynamic storage business, currently distributed, with a single storage capacity of 300 pb, and built itself into the power of the Parastor storage system with a global capacity of 500. First, in 2022, the company introduced the first industry IRS, creating a whole liquid cold solution of "one stack storage", liquid cold.
Further improvements in the layout of operations in the area of technological infrastructure. According to the source's consultants, the company's market share in China's liquefied and cold data centre infrastructure was in the forefront of the industry for many years between 2021 and the first half of 2023.
Core information infrastructure leading firms, “one-end-of-the-core” integrated whole-of-industry chain layouts, have been focused on core information infrastructure areas for many years, and have moved from high-end calculation of advantage business areas to computation of eco-products.
The continuous up-and-down extension of the chain has resulted in a more complete system of computing product lines covering the supply of core parts and components upstream, the supply of information infrastructure in the middle and downstream applications. Currently, the company’s business consists mainly of six main sections: data infrastructure development, high-end computing machines, storage products, network safety products, cloud computing services, and numeracy service platforms.
In 2022, the company achieved business income of $13.08 billion, and, by product, both the company ' s equipment and software development, system integration and technology services have increased by double digits, at a rate of 15.13% and 17.70% respectively. We believe that the company has a good business in the construction and operation of an integrated digital complex.
A good competitive advantage is expected to benefit fully in the future from the industrial nationalization process, with further increases in corporate market shares, continued optimization of product structure and Maori rates. 2.1.1. Arithmetic + credit demand is expected to be continuously released, and there is a wide market space for national alternatives to sealight information high-end chips.
In the case of the universal processors, it has three product series of 7,000 50003,000, which can improve the coverage of high-end data centres, mid-end industry customers, multiple scenes of high value for money, etc. Its products are internationally advanced.
Flagship-level high-performance processors to data centres: Sealight 7285 processors, for example, have become substantially comparable to the series of processors released in the same time as the global cpu market masters, Intel. Under the national production replacement wave, the X86 architecturecpu product, which is leading in sea light, has become an important business for operators, finance, etc.
According to data from the Internet, of the first tenders (including supplementary purchases) purchased in China for the 2021-2022 pc server collection, a total of 40,414 were procured using the sealight cpu server, representing 19.74% of the total purchase, and ranked second in the national production cpu server. In December 2022, China built a bank.
Issuance of a bid for the procurement of a national chip server, with sea light, thugs, and fly-in winnings, of which a total of 158 million won, or 26.55 per cent, was purchased for the sea chip service, the second largest share of which is in the case of the co-processor product, which uses the gpgpu structure, artificial intelligence and large-scale data processing.
gpgpu (general-purposecomposepushongracicsprocessingunit) is one of the graphic processors that retains the simt structure of gpu and the generic computing module, which is used mainly for non-mixing related program calculations, which are well developed in the field of big-language model training, big-data operations, and parallel computing.
On August 31, 2023, a hundred-and-a-half petition was announced to be fully open for use and quickly to the top of the free application list.
In the future, the introduction of high-end new sealight information will better secure the supply of core zero components upstream of the company, while there is a strong prospect of national chip substitution in the field of large-scale national production model training and data processing.
The company’s earlier insight into the industry’s shift towards energy-efficient low-carbon technologies has been active in the field of energy-efficient and cold technologies as early as 2011. Through sustained high levels of R&D inputs and technology accumulation, in 2015 the company launched its first domestic-scale liquid-cold servers; in 2019, the company achieved the largest segment of the world’s first blade-impregnated liquid-cold server.
At present, the company’s high-end server products cover a variety of product patterns, such as leachate cooling and coolboard cooling. In terms of product performance, the company’s impregnated liquid cooling programme optimizes the data centre’s pue to a minimum of 1.04 and allows the data centre to cool naturally throughout the year, with performance indicators significantly higher than the current pue1.2 level required by the actual design of the data centre project.
In 2022, the company built on the deep accumulation of liquid cold technologies on the server, further extending its technological lead to storage, introducing the first industrial liquid cold storage product Parastor, introducing the cooler liquid cooling formula through advanced hardware design, and reducing the storage node pue value to less than 1.2.
The advantages of the same source result in an efficient “storage one-storage” solution for liquid cold as a whole, which can contribute to efficient and efficient data centres, while also achieving easier high-density-level data centre deployment. The corporate solution for ICD as a whole is green, energy-efficient, environmentally sound in planning, design, construction, and so on.
Throughout its life cycle, data centres, such as operations, have been widely applied to major economic domains, such as finance, education, energy, and medical care, effectively contributing to energy-saving data centres, a green low-carbon transition, and a consistent and industry-led share of the market. As of September 2022, companies had over 60 liquid cool core patents and deployed tens of thousands of liquid cold server nodes.
According to consultant data, from 2021 to the first half of 2023, the company's market share in China's liquefied data centre infrastructure was stable for the first time in the industry, with an average market share of 58.8 per cent over the period.
2.1.3. The creation of a 5a-level smart-counting centre and a platform for arithmetic services is expected to benefit fully in the age of intelligence, with a widening landscape of significant breakthroughs and applications of artificial intelligence technologies, and high demand for ai-oriented computing infrastructure.
In 2021, the company proposed the creation of a “5a level” intelligence infrastructure with “open, integrated, green, inclusive, service” capabilities. At present, the company’s 5a-level Ideas Centre has developed a “5a” intelligence infrastructure.
The company has gradually developed a standardized, fast-delivery capability for ultra-high-density intelligence centres, which can efficiently support the intellectual transformation of public services and industries. Since its inception, the company’s 5a-level IQC programme has received wide appreciation from the industry, and has been successfully included as a model in the National Centre for Industrial Security and Development Studies.
Launching of the Smart Computing Centre Vision Report 2.0. In a context where governments are pushing hard to build centres of intelligence, the company's “5a-level” smart-measurement infrastructure project has a good punctuation effect, adding to the rapid growth of al-calculation needs, with wide scope for future market expansion.
At the same time, the company is currently building and operating more than 50 cloud computing centres throughout the country, and is deeply involved in the construction and operation of the country's “Ends and Wests” project, which combines the layout of several centres of intelligence, with a clear preponderance of corporate numeracy resources. On this basis, the public department has created a special brand for the “Ends and Lights” to integrate the integrated operation and external services of the local centres.
In September of the year, the platform served more than 100,000 users, with operational submissions exceeding 30 million, providing multiple computing services such as smart computing, common accounting, high-density computing, cloud computing and the largest network of computing services in the country.
2.2. By the end of June 2022, China China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, South Africa, South Africa, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United States of America.
Many successful capital-market companies, such as China's science-star map, dawn light creation, and light-saving energy. Thanks to the strong scientific and technological advantages of the Chinese Academy of Statistics, the company has developed an in-house technology gene that has built the backbone of our innovation industry, which, as a core information infrastructure leader, has always maintained a high level of investment in technology research and development, with an emphasis on the research and development team.
By the end of 2022, the number of research and development personnel in the company stood at 3,187 persons, accounting for hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 27.62% over the same period, and remained growing rapidly.
As a result, companies have achieved continuous innovation breakthroughs in key areas of core information infrastructure, such as high-end computers and liquid colds, and have kept their technical skills ahead of industry, increasing the proportion of self-researched products and the self-research capabilities of core components, laying a solid foundation for long-term sustainable corporate development.
On the basis of the advantages of high-performance computing, the company has been active in calculating the top-down-down extension of the eco-industry chain, forming a perfect layout of the integrated whole-industry chain. With regard to chips, the participating companies have achieved an internationally advanced level of national microprocessor performance for sealight information, which is an effective enabler at the heart of the company.
For computing terminals, companies have a wealth of information infrastructure products, such as high-performance computers, storage equipment, high-end servers, that cover the computational needs of different applications and can provide the overall data centre infrastructure to implement solutions. For cloud services, companies have built and operated more than 50 cloud computing centres throughout the country, with deep participation in the East Two.
We believe that companies have a significant competitive advantage in building and operating an integrated digital complex, with their products and services finished.
A better life-cycle coverage of the data centre, which contributes to the efficiency of its energy savings, while also achieving a more accessible high-density level Deployment: at the same time, the expansion of the computing industry ecology through active deployment of numeracy service operations has further enhanced public 2.3. Corporate operating efficiency, management efficiency, profitability analysis
2.3.1. The performance ratio is good and the stock turnover position is improving significantly by 92 days a year. In our view, we can calculate a cash cycle of 217 days for the company in 2022, compared to 217 days for the company ' s cash cycle in 2021, owing to a shortage of some raw materials combined with the three above-mentioned operational efficiency indicators.
By 2020, a significant 116-day increase was achieved, mainly as a result of the significant increase in the number of days of turnover in the aforementioned inventory, resulting in a significant increase in the net cash flow of the entire cash operation, with 2023h1, with the company achieving a net operating cash flow of $1,005 million, and a six-month net cash flow of 89.39% of the previous year.
2.3.2. Corporate cash cycle continues to be optimized. Overall cost controls are sound during the period, with the level of R & D rates rising further below the high base. Inputs are constantly increasing. Over the same period, corporate sales and management cost rates are generally well controlled.
They include a slight increase of 0.74 pct over 2020, mainly as a result of a good double-digit increase in the cost of selling personnel. The horizontal comparison of the cost levels of the sector during the period. We have selected wave information, purple shares, and a similarity to the company’s main business.
The Great Wall in China, as a comparable company, compared horizontally in conjunction with Schenwan's median computer equipment industry. In 2022, the cost of company sales was 4.76 per cent, which was significantly lower than the median industry level of 8.68 per cent over the same period; it was at the middle-swap level among the major comparable companies, which showed that the information infrastructure segment had good positive circulation effects and that its customers were sticky and repurchase rates.
In the same period, corporate management costs were 2.38 per cent, which was also significantly lower than the median for the same period; with the exception of the Great Wall of China, the level of comparable corporate management costs was also lower, with a higher breakdown of industry size effects. In the same period, corporate R & D costs were 8.50 per cent, slightly lower than the median for the industry level of 10.97 per cent; and companies were studying among the major comparable companies.
2.3.3. The net cash flow from operating activities has continued to improve, and the company ' s profitability was higher among comparable companies in 2022, with a Māori sales rate of 26.26 per cent, which has been steadily increasing over the last three years, up from 4.14 pct in 2020.
In 2022, net operating cash flows amounted to 1,125 million yuan, or 89.39 per cent of the year 2022. We believe that the main benefit is the continuous rise in the core zero share of companies and the effective reduction of pressure on raw materials.
At the same time, benefiting from the continued growth in the Māori rate and the good control of the rates over the period, net interest rates on corporate sales have been sustained over the last three years, and corporate profitability levels have been higher among the major comparable companies. In terms of horizontal comparison of the industry, gross corporate sales in 2022 were lower than the median industry level of 36.55 per cent. This, in our view, differs from the industry business model of the information infrastructure breakdown.
In comparison with the major comparable companies, the company’s Māori rate is in the lead. During the same period, the company’s net sales interest rate and the Roe level were better than the industry’s median performance, and it is also in the lead among the major comparable companies.
In recent years, the proportion of companies' self-research products and the ability to self-research their core components has been increasing, and it is hoped that they will benefit fully from the industrial process of nationalization, adding to the rapid growth in the demand for arithmetic, thus achieving rapid growth in corporate revenue, further improvement in market ownership, and continued optimization of profitability. We are working on the basis of the company’s main business board.
(1)it equipment business: Building on the advantages of high performance computing, the company actively extends up and down to the computational eco-industry chain, has formed a perfect layout of the whole industry chain, with the company leading in core information infrastructure such as high-end computers, liquid cooling, and the company’s 5a-class IQC program has also developed a good sticking effect in intelligence.
With a sustained high-speed release of arithmetic demand, industrial policy-led data centres fast-tracking the transition to green energy efficiency, corporate equipment has a good and integrated competitive advantage and is expected to further increase its market share and maintain a higher rate of performance. We expect that 2023 will be further optimized as the market penetration of corporate liquid, cold, high-end products increases further; and at the same time, companies are self-researching.
Increasing product ratios and self-researching of core components, and continued expansion of integrated solutions operations will also benefit future Māori (2) software development, systems integration and technical services operations: the company has now built and operates more than 50 cloud computing centres throughout the country and is deeply involved in the construction and numeracy of the country's “East and West” projects, superimplified with the configuration of several centres of intelligence, and corporate numeracy resources.
The first advantage is clear, with the largest network of arithmetic services in the country. With the digital transformation of major industries and the rapid growth of arithmetic demand, business such as corporate cloud computing, arithmetic service platforms, etc. are expected to move into a fast-growing phase. We anticipate that 2023 will take into account the cost trends of companies over the last three years, taking into account the growth in the size of salesmen and the growth of sales below the line since this year.
For detailed financial statements and data on key indicators for the forecast period, taking into account the product overlaps and emerging business areas of the company's multiple business plates, see the table at the end of the main body of the report.
On the basis of the above-mentioned corporate performance projections, we have measured the level of p/e (ttm) from the major comparable companies in 2023 at p/e, p/s, p/b at p/e, with a slightly lower valuation than wave information, with the median p/e for the 2023 projection period as a benchmark for the second-tier computing equipment industry at 31.09.
Considering that the company, as the core information infrastructure leader of the Chinese Academy of Sciences's physical holdings, has a premium on the advantages of good technological genetics and integration throughout the industrial chain, we give the company 37-41 timespe a valuation, combined with the absolute company valuation analysis for 2023: dcf model valuation
The company is valued using the dcf model at the same time and the key assumptions are as follows: (4). Post-tax debt capital cost kd: based on lpr, the latest published by the People ' s Bank, for a period of five years or more, with an estimated 3.60 per cent of the actual tax rate of the company;
On the basis of the above assumptions, we measured the company ' s wacc at 9.67%, corresponding to the forecast of years ' fcff, which led to a reasonable share price range for the company as a whole in relation to the valuation model. The data centre ' s transition to a low-carbon energy-efficient economy became a consensus, the company ' s liquid cold technology industry took the lead, and it was hoped that the whole liquid cold solution would be introduced.
In recent years, a significant increase in the power of the data centre's single machine cabinet has also led to increasing energy consumption and heat evaporation. Under the double carbon target, our data centre needs to move to a green low-carbon direction.
The efficiency and operational stability of the server is conducive to further upgrading of the data centre. Looking ahead, we have a vast alternative space for the construction and stock market of our liquid cold data centre. According to Sadie's consultant, in 2025, we have a conservative forecast of $12.832 billion based on the market size of the centre; in 2019-2025, the annual compound growth rate is expected to be high.
As early as 2011, the company began to actively deploy energy-efficient liquid cooling technologies, with a clear pre-emptive advantage. In terms of product performance, the divisional leachate cooling technology programme optimizes the data centre to a minimum of 1.04 and allows the data centre to cool naturally throughout the year. Its performance indicators are significantly higher than the current data centre project’s actual design requirement of a pue1.2 level.
The industry’s first liquid cold storage product, paraastor, allows storage node pue values to fall below 1.2. It also relies on the advantages of high-symmetry of corporate liquid cold storage technology and liquid cold server technology, resulting in an efficient “one-storage” overall liquid cold solution that can help the data centre to achieve efficient energy efficiency while achieving a more convenient high-density level data centre deployment.
From 2021 to the first half of 2023, the company has been in the forefront of the industry for many years. We believe that corporate cold technology has a significant lead in the industry in the field of liquid cold infrastructure.
The company is actively building a 5a-level IQC with a national integrated numeracy service platform, which is expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth in the demand for intelligence and industrial policies. According to idc, the size of smart computing in 2026 will reach 1.271.4.7eflops;
Many cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and others, now have specific policies to support local industries. With a strong lead from the continued rapid release of smart computing needs and related industrial policies, the overall size of the IAC is expected to be high.
According to the National Information Centre, more than 30 cities in the country are currently building or proposing to build smart centres, adding to the construction of the East and West accounting project, which is expected to accelerate their landing and completion. Currently, the company's 5a intelligence centres have been established in Guangdong, Anhui, Zhejiang, etc., and have gradually become super-highly sophisticated.
A standardized fast-delivery capability for KIAC can efficiently support the intellectual transformation of public services with major industries. With the creation of KIPCs being vigorously promoted, the company’s “5a” smart infrastructure project has a good punctuation effect, adding to the rapid growth of the ai’s numeracy needs, and its future market opening space.
At the same time, the company has now built and operated more than 50 cloud computing centres throughout the country, and has been deeply involved in the construction and operation of the country's “East and West” engineering projects, superimposed on the configuration of several centres of intelligence, with a clear preponderance of arithmetic resources. The company has developed a “Arithmetic Plugin” — a national integrated computing service platform — that can easily be accessed, serving the largest computing network in the country.
With significant breakthroughs and applications in industrial intelligence, a rapidly growing need for smart numeracy, and a high growth period in future company-related operations. We give companies a “recommended” investment rating.
Benchmark indicator description: a share - master panel benchmark is 300 index depth, start-up panel benchmark is 50 index, headboard benchmark is 50 index, north border is 50 index; port unit benchmark is a permanent electronic index; United States share benchmark is 500 index. Counter-globalization risk: some of the advanced upstream components required for company-it equipment are still to be imported overseas, if the future international situation is uncertain
Increased supply chains may have a negative impact on the overall production capacity of company-owned equipment operations. Large-scale national-producing-ai models are not being applied as well as expected risks: commercialization of large-scale national-producing-ai models is still at an early stage, and if future market demand and applications are not expanded as expected, they will have a negative impact on corporate smart computing-related equipment and business-service operations.
Industry competition increases the risk: as the creation of letters accelerates, domestic firms are expected to take up further market shares, and increased competition in future industries may have a negative impact on the overall performance of firms.
The company is a 33-year-old voucher dealer and owns license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the CVM.