Kuka's new production power in the Chinese market, and its convergence with the United States has deepened.
According to a March 22 announcement by the American group, the Cook Card Supervisory Board has approved one of its members in China.
In the meantime, China’s Sindh Science and Technology Park will build a new production base.
In 2016, the United States successfully acquired Kuka, one of the four big robots.
New, to develop automated and commercial solutions that can be adapted to complex production applications, the intention is to increase machine utilization through deep-level learning in cloudy big data and to produce more efficient automated machines and equipment. In addition, swisslogholdingag
As a subsidiary of Kuka, an automated solution provider to a world-renowned medical, warehousing and distribution centre, swisslog provides the American group with agv porter robot, transport system, sorting system, and storage program. We believe that beauty is facilitated by the front end of the Kuka.
At the same time, the American group will benefit from the technical support provided by swisslog to significantly improve the efficiency of automated logistics warehousing transport.
1. "Study bulletin of the United States Group (000333): the “brain of wisdom” in the multi-dimensional layout " , 2018-01-15 2017, with a sales volume of about Euro450 million in the China region and 14 per cent of the total income of the Kuka Group,
2- The American Group (000333), 2017 semi-annual reviews: according to ifr data, China sold 87,000 robots in 2016, a year-on-year change + 27%, and there will be huge scope for future city upgrades.
The strategy of joint procurement has benefited from a robust growth of revenue and has led to a significant reduction in costs and operational efficiency. Meanwhile, the card machine, The American Group (000333), holds hands on small-scale rice technology.
In the second quarter of 2018, the plant expansion project in Shanghai will be operational. We believe that Kuka will be on the next step of the intelligent home.
US Group (000333): Kuka’s new productive and dynamic Chinese market, increased integration with the United States,3 creation of production bases, accelerated development of new products, promotion of business diversification by the US loan bank cards, and technological transformation of enterprises. Currently, China’s Sunde Science and Technology Park will build new production bases and produce new products
Development, until 2024, of a robotic capacity of 75,000 a year, plus existing capacity, will bring China’s total robotic capacity to 100,000 a year. Kuka has a significant advantage in determining the control algorithm for robotic performance, focusing on high-end multi-band products. In addition, Kuka’s unique 6d mouse programming facility, unique electronic zero-point-marking technology, aero-aluminium mechanics, modular control systems, and mechanical structures are ahead of the country.
We believe that the development of new products and their future use will further accelerate the development of the United States in the field of science and technology, from the acquisition of kuka in 2016 to the present, with significant improvements in the efficiency of its traditional industrial production and the opening up of the technology-blue market to accelerate the transformation of its enterprises. We expect the company to earn $23,71.42 billion, $27,538.08 million and $30,75.19 billion, respectively, from 2017 to 2020.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the East is a source of wealth and wisdom, the United States group (000333), Kuka has built a new productive Chinese market, and its integration with the United States has deepened.
Jung Yong-yung, after the China Securities Industry Burgé Award 2012 and the top ten prizes (seventh place).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.