A three-fold tax-free arrangement within the city of the off-island airport, and the epidemic does not change the long-term growth logic of the company - the first report on the coverage of the Chinese brigade (601888.sh)
In 2009, corporate revenues rose from RMB 6,065 million to RMB 47,966 million, with a combined annual growth rate.
There has been a long-term high growth trend. From 2.2 billion yuan to 45.8 billion yuan, tax-exempt income has been rising from year to year, up to 20%. Companies have been operating well and are gaining momentum.
In 2018, our residents purchased duty-free goods on a total scale of $180 billion, which is 455 times the size of the domestic tax-free market (39.5 billion). The size of the domestic market is still small compared to the consumption of duty-free goods outside the national territory, but in recent years domestic tax-free policies have been relaxed, the shopping environment has improved and the foreign market has been exempted.
Tax consumption returns are huge. We measure tax-free consumption returns of more than 70 billion yuan to major five-Power destinations (Japan, Europe, America, and Hong Kong), and more than 100 billion yuan if combined with natural growth rates.
• The three-fold “off-island + airport + city” arrangement, with sound and flexible company operations. The tax-exempt operations of companies have three main features: off-island duty-free shops, airport duty-free shops, and intra-city tax-free shops.
The company is stepping up the construction of the Seagate tax-free city, which will generate an additional billion, 1.92 billion yuan, or 56% of the company’s tax-exempt income. The impact of the airport shop’s size is expected to continue, raising the Māori rate.
The epidemic does not alter the logic of high growth in the medium and long term, and covers 84, 32, and 27 times the annual “recommended” rating for the first time. Despite the impact of the epidemic, the company’s leadership is strong and competitive.
The advantage is evident in the fact that tax-exempt policy dividends and consumption return trends remain unchanged, looking at the long-term high growth logic of the company, which for the first time covers a “recommended” rating. We believe that while companies are affected by the epidemic, tax-exempt sales will decline significantly in 2020, but the public
The long-term high-growth logic of the Department, which for the first time covers the “recommended” rating, is reflected in the firm position of the leader, the apparent competitive advantage, the consistent trend of tax-exempt policy dividends and tax-exempt consumption returns.1 Tax-exempt policies: State policies to support the development of the tax-exempt sector have not changed significantly, and tax-exempt licences have been liberalized
There will be no real action in the short term.2 The trend towards duty-free consumption: domestic duty-free consumption is still small, and, as the domestic environment for duty-free shopping continues to improve and policies ease, there is a huge and unstoppable return of duty-free consumption abroad.
Tax-free businesses continue to benefit from the tax-free industry.3 Ex-island duty-free shops: as tax-free consumption capacity increases in the country and the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port continues, the company ' s exit duty-free operations remain at a constant rate, and tax-free operations at Sanya and Seagates continue to be stable.
Robust growth. The impact of the epidemic is limited. 3. Airport duty-free shops: with the development of the three economic circles of Kyunjin, Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle, the number of visitors to and from the immigration brigade will increase steadily, as will the company ' s tax-free operations at the three main hubs in the north, and
The impact of the epidemic is short-term.5. Intra-city duty-free shops: in the future, intra-city shop policy is moving towards easing, and the company-placed intra-city duty-free shops can generate significant business additions.
The difference between our views and those of the market1 and those of the market suggests that the future of duty-free consumption is likely to be relatively vague and divisive, and that there is uncertainty about whether there will be a good future for duty-free consumption return.
The five major destinations for tax consumption (Korea, Europe and Hong Kong) are measured for duty-free consumption return space, which is reasonably analysed from the point of view of tax-free consumption levels, tax-free marketing structures and tourism class, and concludes that duty-free consumption return space for people in the five major countries is more than $70 billion.
Natural growth, the free-of-charge consumption return space in the next five major out-of-country destinations will exceed $100 billion.2 According to some market views, the liberalization of tax-free license plates poses a greater threat to the free-of-competitive advantage of China. This report is devoted to this issue. In the short term, the free-of-charge belt of China's free-trade market in China and China is exempt from the duty-free market.
But the release of tax-exempt license plates will not happen overnight, most likely gradually, and with limited liberalization. In the long run, the competitiveness of tax-free companies is a long-term barrier to their operational advantages, and the liberalization of licences will not easily break their competitiveness.
The exemption from duty-free operations in Hainan Island has created tax-free shops with pre-existing advantages and privileged geographical location in Sanya and China, strong procurement channels and supply chain systems that are competitive in the long run.3 There is uncertainty about the opening up of future shopping policies in the city’s domestic market, and the operations that tax-free shops in the city can bring about.
This report argues from the point of view of expanding domestic demand and promoting consumer consumption, that tax-free shops within the city are more likely to be released into the country. In addition, the present report draws on data from Sanya stores, existing airport duty-free shops, business penetration rates, passenger unit prices, etc., and South Korea tax-exempts-related data and measures around different scenarios.
Taking into account the early and medium-term growth space for tax-free shops in Kyoto, we believe that tax-free shops in the city have great potential for future development and conclude that, against the backdrop of policy easing and the convergence of tax-free consumer demand, the initial rate of growth of tax-exempt businesses began to recover more rapidly than the market expected in the second quarter of the year.
2. The national and local governments have put in place good policies and measures for domestic tax-free shopping and tax-free policies have been further liberalized to promote corporate business growth.
1. Companies are the absolute leader of the domestic tax-exempt industry, with a market share of 84% “digging + mergers and acquisitions”, and the largest tax-exempt company in China has been developed over a decade, and the Chinese National Brigade is mainly engaged in tax-exempt operations, and it is the dominant owner of the domestic tax-exempt industry.
In addition, companies are engaged in business complex investment development, with tax-free operations at its core.
Founded in 2008, the company was re-established by the China National Travel Group Ltd. on the basis of the overall reorganization of travel agencies and tax-exempt business-related assets, and co-sponsored by the Hong Kong City Group of China. The company landed on a stock market in 2009.
The company took advantage of the policy by opening a tax-free shop in Sanya City and building the Sanya Bay International Tax-Free City project in 2012. The Sanya International Free City was officially opened in 2014. Since 2017, companies have strengthened their M&As and integrated their domestic tax-free counterparts.
In mid-2018, 51% of the tax-exempt business (Shanghai) was exempted from company mergers and acquisitions, again expanding the tax-exempt business. The company’s M&A initiative directly encouraged the company to take control of Beijing’s capital airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge.
The three major airports at the airport and Shanghai Pundong Airport have been tax-free, further consolidating the industry’s leading position, with the domestic market standing at 84 per cent and the global ranking of tax-free operators rising to four, with a significant increase in intra-industry visibility. At the end of 2018, the company competed for State-owned land-use rights in the city of Haiguchi, and began preparations for the construction of the city’s international tax-free city.
In January 2019, the company transferred 100% of the shares of the subsidiary country travel agency to the controlling shareholder China Travel Group, formally displacing the travel agency from its business and opening a new chapter on tax-free operations as a single core business. In the future, the company will focus on tax-exempt owners, further upgrading the global tax-exempt industry.
In mid-2018, companies were exempted from participating in the world ' s fourth tax-exempt operator (€1 million), 1.2 companies as tourist companies, and a share of core assets, attracting foreign equity to second place.
Companies have undergone re-marketing, shareholder restructuring and equity transfer and are currently holding approximately 1.952 billion shares in total equity holdings, with China Tourism Group Limited holding 53.30 per cent of the company ' s shares; the actual controlling person is the State Asset Management Board of the Council of State.
It is worth noting that, as a high-quality core asset in China, companies are highly profitable, open to future development, and strong industry leaders, attracting foreign investment through land equity. As of 2020°1, the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, which represents foreign capital, has become the second largest shareholder.
The tax-exempt industry is a franchise and requires a licence plate. The tax-exempt company is a fully licensed domestic tax-exempt company with airports, ports, and ports.
(a) The entry/exit tax-free license plate, the Hainan off-island tax-free licence plate, the exit duty-free license plate, and the full-scale business-covering duty-free trade companies.
More than 200 duty-free shops of the nine largest types in the city, including staff, cruise ships, have grown into the world ' s most full-scale and single-country retail outlets, with the world ' s largest tax-free commercial complex and the establishment of the country ' s only duty-free logistics delivery system.
The company’s tax-exempt business is divided into three main branches: airport duty-free shops, off-island duty-free shops, and other traditional duty-free shops.
The off-island duty-free shop is the off-island duty-free shop, which sells duty-free goods to domestic and international tourists entering Hainan by air, train, ship and other means of transport, using the business model of “in-house shopping, airport delivery”.
Other traditional tax-exempt operations are intra-city duty-free shops opened by companies both within and outside the country: and duty-free operations operated by companies at border crossings, cruise ships, etc.. The base of these operations is lower, at less than 10%.
Intra-city shop operations in major cities such as Shanghai are a key direction for the future development of companies.2 Corporate finance: revenue and net profits kick-starting high growth 2.1 Corporate performance continues to grow robustly and rapidly, with net profits increasing 14 times over 11 years
The net profits of the company grew 14 times over 11 years, maintaining its performance of the bull. Since its listing in 2009, the Division has achieved revenue of $47.970 billion, resulting in a net profit of $4.63 billion to the mother. Over the 11 years, corporate income has increased sevenfold, with a long-term growth rate of 30.2 per cent, maintaining a long-term trend of high growth, reflecting the growth of the company’s base business, the growth of the young and the performance of the cow.
The increase in tax-exempt operations has been 27 times higher and growing in 11 years. Due to the high and high growth of tax-exempt operations, companies have been fully tax-free since 2014, and the focus on tax-free operations will remain high from 2017 to 2018.
This is mainly due to the significant expansion of corporate tax-exempt operations and to the fact that tax-exempt Maori rates are much higher than in tourism. Currently, companies have removed tourism from the core business focus, and therefore are expected to maintain the combined Māori rates in the future, gradually increasing from 2016 onwards.
Given the low interest-bearing liabilities of companies and the high interest income earned on money deposits and the long-term maintenance of the company’s financial cost rate at around 0, the company’s current costs are dominated by the cost of sales and administrative costs. The expansion of the company’s sales-free shop in 2016-2019 led to a marked increase in the cost of sales, followed up or stabilized.
In terms of the structure of sales costs, the company’s sales costs are dominated by sales personnel’s wages and rental costs, which account for more than 90% of the total. The company’s large increase in employee salaries and rental costs in recent years has contributed directly to the increase in the company’s sales costs.
But the increase in sales costs corresponds to the company’s strategic initiatives to expand the number and size of tax-free shops, rather than to the costs associated with the inappropriate operation of sales. We expect that, as new tax-free shops become on track, the cost of corporate sales will also stabilize.
2.4 The company’s net interest rate, which fell in 2018, is mainly related to the lower overall net interest rate of the lower tax-exempt rate at the airport after the day and the airport. The net interest rate is expected to continue to stabilize in the future as the size of the company’s tax-exempt expansion increases.
The asset turnover and equity multipliers have remained relatively stable. In the future, we believe that, in addition to continuing to raise the net interest rate level, companies can also maintain a higher level of roe by increasing their operating management level by accelerating the turnover rate, raising the financial bar appropriately, and increasing the equity multiplier.
3. Industry analysis: the size of duty-free domestic consumption exceeds 200 billion, the return of foreign consumption abroad amounts to 3.1. Tax-free consumption of goods outside the country amounts to 180 billion dollars, there is a huge return space, the size of domestic tax-free tax is close to 40 billion, and there has been an increase of more than 20 per cent over a decade.
The figure is 39.5 billion yuan, an increase of 26.52 per cent over the previous decade, and a rise of 22.2 per cent over the decade, which has benefited from higher levels of emigration and consumption. However, the size of the domestic market remains small compared to duty-free commodity consumption outside the country, accounting for only 7 per cent of the world’s duty-free sector, with a sharp outflow of duty-free consumption.
According to data from the Ministry of Commerce, our residents purchased duty-free goods outside the country on a total scale of more than $180 billion in 2018, which is 455 times the size of the tax-exempt market in the same year (39.5 billion). Nationals buy duty-free goods outside the country, which is much higher than within the country.
Directly related to the development of our tax-exempt industry, the tightening of tax-free purchasing policies, higher commodity prices, tax-free categories and smaller sizes, weak marketing policies and indigenous brands, sub-purchases and the diversion of power suppliers across borders are among the major factors constraining the return to consumption.
Despite these constraints, another dimension suggests that, with the improvement of these constraints, the return of duty-free consumption abroad has enormous potential for the future development of the domestic tax-free sector. In the last two years, the domestic tax-free shopping environment has indeed been improving, such as the liberalization of tax-free policies, the expansion of tax-free products and their scope, and the increase in exemption.
Tax price advantages, increased marketing, etc., have continued to rise in duty-free shops in Hainan Island and in the north of Hiroshima.3.2 The size of the return is expected to be more than 70 billion, and three questions need to be answered to measure the size of the return of duty-free consumption by the country’s nationals: 1) out-of-country purchases.
What are the main countries or areas where duty-free goods are purchased; (2) what is the amount of duty-free goods purchased by nationals in each of these countries or regions; and (3) what is the reasonable proportion of the amount of consumption that these countries or regions can return to their home countries.
The size of the return of duty-free consumption by Chinese citizens. 3.2.1, Korea, Japan, Europe, and Hong Kong are the main locations for duty-free consumption outside China.
Shopping has been the main consumption mode for travel abroad. Data from the Travel and Shopping Services platform, “Global Purchase,” show that Chinese went shopping abroad in 2019, with Japan, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and the 10 most popular countries being Japan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Kingdom.
In terms of consumption, duty-free shops around the world have always been the most popular for domestic tourists. In 2019, home-to-country shop-to-top 10 hotspots are located in the United Arab Emirates, Japan, the United Kingdom, France, and the United Arab Emirates.
Tax-free shops in Singapore, the United States, Italy, and Dubai International Airport, for the first time, are among the top countries, accounting for more than 50% of overseas trips. In addition, Hong Kong, China, was one of the major destinations for outbound shopping consumption by residents of the Mainland until 2019, with the number of Mainland residents travelling to Hong Kong between 4,000 and 5000 per year.
As a result of the events in Hong Kong’s society, travel to Hong Kong by Mainland residents has declined dramatically. On the whole, we can see that the five main destinations of Korea, Japan, Europe, and Hong Kong are the main players in duty-free consumption outside Hong Kong.
3.2.2. Korea: China ' s residents spend 88 billion yuan tax-free in Korea, with a clear price advantage. Korea is the largest tax-free market in the world, with China contributing more than 70%. In 2018, Korea ' s total tax-exempt income amounted to about $17.2 billion, or 21.8% of the global tax-exempt industry, making it the largest tax-free market in the world.
China accounts for 31% of the number of tourists entering the country, but China’s tax-free consumption in South Korea is about 72% of the country’s total tax-exempt industry, and is an absolute consumer power. On this basis, China’s tax-free consumption in South Korea has reached US$12.5 billion, roughly US$87.8 billion.
China’s tourists are shopping outside its borders, with the highest proportion of cosmetics. South Korea is close to Chinese culture, with a more developed economy, with cosmetics accounting for more than 50% of South Korea’s tax-free goods, and South Korea’s products account for close to 40%, with a clear price advantage.
For example, the Korea Free Dragons and Day stores have over 40,000 local Korean brands, with over 50 per cent of the value of goods below $50, which can be said to be very good and cheap for Chinese tourists.
3.2.3. Japan: The most popular destination, with 39 billion tax-free daily consumption, is Japan’s first destination. The Chinese population is ranked first in terms of the number of tourists entering Japan and the size of consumption. The number of Chinese tourists travelling to Japan has steadily increased since 2015 and has accumulated by 2019.
According to data from Japan's Visitor's Hall, there were 9.59 million visitors to China in 2019, an increase of 12% compared to the previous year; China's tourist consumption amounted to 11,82 billion yuan.
The percentage of shopping consumption is 55%. In terms of shopping places, airport duty-free shops are the main shopping place for Chinese tourists, accounting for 78.9%, followed by supermarkets and shopping malls, accounting for 74.2%, and department stores, ranked third, accounting for 68.1%, on the basis of the above data, we assume that 55% of Chinese tourist consumption in Japan is spent on shopping.
In Japan, 60% of shopping consumption is tax-free, and Chinese consumption is expected to be around 39 billion yuan (1182 billion yuan x 55% x 60%). Tax-refund purchases are Japanese, and make-up and medicines are popular among the country’s people.
In recent years, the Japanese government, in order to attract foreign tourists, boost consumption, reduce the requirement to apply for “tax refunds” and actively encourage local stores, food stores, etc., to apply for tax refunds.
In the category of goods purchased by Chinese tourists, Japanese cosmetics, medicines, commodities, locals, etc. are favoured and prices are clear relative to domestic advantages, but some electronics are even higher than in China, and prices are more competitive than 3.2.4 and Europe and America: the Chinese consume about 30 billion free of charge in Europe and America, with a 50 per cent difference in the price of luxury goods.
The Chinese Institute of Tourism shows that, in the first half of 2019, three million Chinese tourists travelled to Europe, an increase of 7.4 per cent compared to the previous year; it is projected that 6,250,000 trips to Europe will take place throughout 2019.
Travel data show that the per capita cost of Chinese tourists in Europe was over 25,000 yuan (Euro3268), while total tourism consumption in 2018 amounted to RMB 152 billion (Euro19.5 billion), of which more than 50 per cent belonged to Europe, and according to data from the United States National Tourism Office (ntto), the number of Chinese tourists to the United States fell in 2018.
By 2.9 million people, the same year fell by 5.7 per cent, for the first time since 2003; Chinese tourists consumed about $23.7 billion in tourism in the United States (equivalent to 14.4 billion yuan). Chinese people consumed about 30 billion dollars in tax-free consumption in Europe and America. Let's assume: 1) total tourism by Chinese tourists in Europe and America.
50% of the consumption is shopping; 2) Euro-American airports have matured in duty-free trade, and the country is home to about $15.4 billion in duty-free shops. For this forecast, we can also split tax-free sales from the main duty-free operators in different regions.
Cross-checked results show that: 1) in 2018, the total sales of tax-free Top10 operators in the Euro-American region amounted to 95 billion people. 2) Chinese international passenger flows at Euro-American airports are generally around 5 per cent, but are expected to contribute to sales.
Between 25 and 35%. (Reference is made to the Dubai market, where Chinese tourists accounted for 5% of the total number of international visitors in 2018, but contributed 16% of the sales of Dubai airport duty-free shops.) The country’s purchases in Europe and America are much higher than in Dubai.)
In terms of product structure, because of the main source of luxury goods in Europe and the United States, client demand is diversified. Reference is made to the product sales of dufry in 2018, where perfume, food, and luxury goods account for 32/18/13%, respectively.
At the same time, Europe enjoys the lowest luxury pricing globally, and China’s passengers enjoy the policy of refunding taxes in major European countries, with Europe enjoying an average of up to 16.22% of the rate, once again reducing the actual purchase price of China’s passengers. According to the latest global prices of Europe’s major luxury brands, Europe has the largest difference in prices from China.
In China, 73% of consumers buy luxury goods abroad. 3.2.5, Hong Kong: Mainland tourists spend about 21.6 billion on duty-free consumption in Hong Kong, and the price advantage diminishes. The main route to duty-free shopping in Hong Kong is through the city shop.
For Mainland residents, the main route to shopping in Hong Kong is through the city store, with fewer airports. Therefore, we focus on the revenue from the sales of the city’s duty-free shop to determine future returns to the interior.
In Hong Kong, three municipal duty-free shops are located in Sun Square in Tsim Shatao, Huadang Square in Tsimdong, and Heisman Square in Bronze Dynasty, all of which operate around 6,000 square metres. The business is close to normal cosmetics, and some of the cosmetics are powerful products that guarantee Asia’s lowest prices.
Hong Kong is expected to be tax-free at an estimated 27 billion dollars, with 80% of mainland residents contributing.
The number of tourists in Hong Kong is higher than in South Korea, so we set Hong Kong's inner market grounds at 1.5 million yuan per square metre, and in 2018 the size of Hong Kong's duty-free stores was about $27 billion.
The Hong Kong SARS data show that Hong Kong's total consumption of tourism in 2018 amounted to HK$ 328.2 billion. I can deduce the total size of the airport's tax-exempt stores by about HK$ 11 billion (with the exception of Hong Kong's airport stores, which operate only tobacco and alcohol, with sales revenue of HK$ 2.2 billion in 2018 and tobacco and alcohol accounting for about 20% of the total size of the airport tax-exempt stores).
According to the Hong Kong Tourism Development Authority, Mainland tourists account for about 80 per cent of Hong Kong ' s tourism consumption market, and therefore the size of Mainland residents ' duty-free consumption in Hong Kong is expected to be 21.6 billion yuan.
From a comparative point of view, the prices of Hong Kong’s domestic dfs are largely at the same level as the daily duty-free stores in the country, and the price advantages of luxury goods are starting to decline. Hong Kong’s luxury goods are consumed for a long time, with mature mechanisms, and high-end luxury goods such as bags, sunglasses, watches, etc. are priced well.
Over the past year, Hong Kong’s price advantage for luxury goods has been reduced by factors such as the decline in tourist arrivals from the Mainland and the price-fixing of European luxury goods. This is also an important reason for Hong Kong’s return from duty-free consumption. 3.2.6, 5 major destinations consume more than $70 billion.
In our view, two factors should be taken into account in the measurement of duty-free return space in different countries and regions: 1) natural acceleration of out-of-country tourism (which determines the size of duty-free consumption by residents in different countries); and 2) the relative advantage of different tourist destinations (quantifiable size of reasonable return).
Because of the different comparative advantages of different destinations, there is relatively limited reflow space for destinations with price advantages, class advantages, and local supply chain advantages. On the basis of the analysis of the five main destinations above (Hang Yee-Mi and the Hong Kong region), we estimate that this difference is possible without taking into account the natural acceleration of travel.
(a) South Korea, with a return rate of 35 per cent, has a significant advantage in terms of prices, varieties and supply chains; and (b) Japan, with a return rate of 40 per cent, with prices such as electronics and luxury goods in addition to cosmetics and commodities;
(3) In Europe, the return ratio is 40 per cent, the price advantage for luxury goods is clear, cosmetics are second, other goods are not (4), the return ratio is 50 per cent in the United States, the price advantage for luxury goods is clear, the advantage for other goods is diminished and the relationship between the United States and the United States is affected to a certain extent:
In Hong Kong, where 50% of all commodities return, the price advantage is decreasing, and travel to the Mainland is more affected by the Hong Kong social boom.
With a natural increase of around 6 per cent per year, the free-of-charge consumption return space in the next five major outlying destinations will be over 1,000, and investors will need to be objective. Of course, the return is a natural, gradual process, with a longer period of time, not a single moment, but an unstoppable trend.
China’s tax-free sector is still fast and long-term, with the leading business leaders standing at 3.3.1 per cent, China’s exit penetration rate is only 11 per cent, and an important driving force for duty-free shopping in the future. Data from the Ministry of Education and Tourism show that the rate of penetration is only 11 per cent.
In 2014-2018, China experienced a compound annual growth rate of 8.6% in the number of people travelling abroad, which was reverberated by social unrest in some parts of the country, with the number of Chinese citizens travelling abroad reaching 155 million in 2019, an increase of 3.3% compared to the previous year. But China currently holds only 130 million valid private passports, representing less than 10% of the total population;
There is still room for a significant increase in the rate of penetration. The number of tourists leaving the country has increased in 2009-09 and the number of visitors leaving the country has increased in 2009-09.
3.3.2 The global tax-free sector has been growing by more than 10 per cent, and the Chinese market has been growing rapidly into a stable and long-term global tax-free industry. The data from the generationresearch show that the global tax-free industry has grown from $43 billion in 2010 to $79 billion in 2018, a cumulative increase of 84 per cent over the long term.
With the global economic slowdown in 2018, the same-year increase in global duty-free sales, China was the fastest growing tax-free business. The Asia-Pacific region, in terms of the global continents/regions, was the strongest growing, at 23.3%, with China growing at 27%, the fastest growing country.
The size of the tax market was 39.5 billion yuan in 2018, representing only 7 per cent of the global market, but China has more than 300 million middle-class people, the largest consumer market in the world, and we expect that the tax-exempt industry in China will continue to grow rapidly over the next 5 to 10 years, with tax-free size and share rising steadily.
In 2018, duty-free sales from every continent of the world grew on a year-on-year basis. 3.3.3. Tax-exempt industries are concentrated, with a high degree of domestic dominance and a strong competitive advantage. The global tax-exempt industry shows a trend towards greater concentration.
Euro billion, with a concentration of about 63.76 per cent, total sales by top25 tax-free operators amounting to Euro53.05 billion. In the domestic tax-exempt market, companies were dominated. In 2018, companies were exempted from duty-free sales amounting to RMB33,227 million, with 84 per cent of the total share of domestic municipalities.
The advantage of size is clear, and some of the price of the fragrant commodity is among the lowest in Asia. Industry leaders can have a scale effect that enhances firms’ bargaining power over suppliers, allowing them to offer competitive tax-free prices while guaranteeing a higher Māori rate, and daily duty-free shops have a long-term 95-percent discount and 96-percent discount.
In the absence of tax-exempt shop concessions or other return, ticket-back activities, some brands, such as those purchased widely by the people of the country, such as Yaschilande, Lancón, and others, offer virtually the lowest prices in Asia.
Lower rates are mainly affected by duty-free shop activities and other cooperative returns, but the prices of companies are relatively better when activities are not taken into account. Price advantages will support the return of consumption. 4. Corporate business points: off-island + airport + city triple layout, available in the future.
4.1. Tax-exempt stores in Sanya Island: Promulgation of Phase II projects with strong profits, revenue promotion steps up the ladder 4.1.1 and 6 times in 8 years, with sustained release of the growth momentum The liberalization of the policy is an important driver of tax-exempt development in the Outer Islands.
The policy of exemption from duty on the island became the fourth region to implement it, after Okinawa, Korea, Jeju Island, and Taiwan, China. Six times over eight years, the age of shopping, the way out of the island, the number of purchases, the shopping limits, the variety of commodities has been adjusted.
In June 2020, China officially released its General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which states that it is to be released.
The duty-free shopping line on the island is now set at $30,000 per person per year, while expanding the range of duty-free vendors. This augurs well for further liberalization of the duty-free policy on the island, further enhancement of the competitiveness of the duty-free off the island, increased dynamism of the duty-free consumer market, and a better tax-free China Travel.
The tax-free sales of Hainan Island have increased by 6 times in seven years, from 13.6 billion yuan. In 2012-2019, the tax-free sales of Hainan Province increased from 2.3 billion yuan to 13.6 billion yuan, with an average compound annual growth rate of about 29 per cent; the number of duty-free shopping places in the Province increased from 1.12 million to 3.84 million, with an average compound annual growth rate of about 19 per cent; and the unit price increased from $2054 per person.
4.1.2 Tria Shops: The beneficial tax-exempt policy is profitable, and the future rise in the number of shoppers remains the driving force for growth. Sanya is the most important tourist destination in Hainan Island, accounting for one third of the island ' s overnight arrivals in 2019, and more than one-second of the island ' s tourism revenues.
Tax-exempt income from Hainan Island in 2019 was 77% and seaside 23%. Tax-exempt stores have grown by more than 30% over the past four years by 1.4 billion dollars. Tax-exempt stores have grown steadily and rapidly since they opened in September 2014.
In fact, the net profit disclosed above by Sanya is less than its real profit. The main reason is that the head office will have to charge about 10% of the wholesale deductions to the Sanya subsidiary.
Point. In 2015-2018, the net profit margin of the Tria Shop was between 11 and 14%, and the real net profit margin of 10% of the wholesale cut-off point could be between 21 and 24%. The net profit contribution of the Tria Shop at the end of the company’s statement was around 35%, plus the real net profit contribution after the wholesale cut-off point was consistently over 60%, and it was the centre of the true profits of the Middle and Free Company.
The rapid growth in the number of shopkeepers is the main driver of tax-free shop income growth. According to the formula: tax-free income = the price of the number of shopkeepers x the price of one customer, the increase in the income of the number of shopkeepers is driven by a simultaneous increase in the price of the number of shopkeepers and the price of the number of customers – a composite growth rate of 2.9 per cent. Thus, the rapid growth in the number of shopkeepers is the main driver of tax-free income growth.
This is mainly due to the long-term nature of our tax-exempt industry, the low quality of shopping and the low rate of tax-free shopping penetration. We judge the future growth of the tax-exempt shop from the drivers of the purchase-shopping and the increase in the price-on-the-off.
Based on the formula: Shopping = entering the shop (overnights x shop rate) – Shopping conversion rate, which is needed to sustain the growth in the number of Shopping people. Companies have increased their transformation rate through the continuous enrichment of skus and first-line marketing staff.
Thus, the increase in the rate of shopping transformation is a major factor in the growth of the number of shopping people. We believe that, as policy measures such as tax exemptions, commodity varieties and limited purchases expand, and companies optimize their operations to keep commodity prices competitive, the rate of shopping transformation in Sanya shops will continue to rise, thereby contributing to the growth of the number of shopping people.
Less than 10% of duty-free shopping penetration is at a lower level, and there is much room for improvement in the future. Based on the formula: penetration = shopping/overnight passenger = shop entry = shopping conversion rate, we can track the number of overnight travellers in Sanya. According to the Sanya Tourism Bureau, the number of overnight visitors in Sanya is higher in 2014-2019.
Between 2014 and 2019, less than 10 per cent of the arrivals were at a very low level. From the point of view of the rate of entry and the rate of transformation, the increase in the rate of shopping transformation was the main reason for the increase in penetration.
In November 2012, the exemption from the island was raised from $5,000 to $8,000, increasing the number of items and items purchased, and in 2013 the rate was raised.
About 39 per cent; in March 2015, the class of goods available for sale was expanded to 38 and the unit price increased by about 12 per cent; in January 2016, the slight decline in passenger unit prices was mainly due to a further increase in the share of perfumed products with relatively low unit prices (currently over 50 per cent); in 2018, the unit price was $4712, or 1 per cent; and at the end of 2018, it was off the island.
The total tax exemption ranged from 16,000 to 30,000, but the number of cosmetics items was not adjusted, with a price of $4,822 in 2019, an increase of 2.3%, with a limited increase.
Tax-free shop income growth is mainly driven by the number of shopping people (the continued liberalization of tax-free policies is the main reason for the company’s increased ability to operate), and the limited contribution of unit prices (which is directly related to the tax-free rate and the expansion of the product category). We believe that Sanya shop has not been able to grow in three to five years by the number of shopping people.
Promotion, expansion of the class, liberalization of the number of items, increase in the number of lifts, etc.), expansion of the buying population, consolidation of the gradual optimization of corporate incentives and continuous improvement in the rate of transformation of shopping, while there is still room for continuous improvement in the number of shopping persons. 4.1.3, Sanya International Free City II has opened and will in the future be a new engine for the growth of tax-free operations in San Asia.
The Sanya International Free City II (Hakushima Project), which is of interest to investors and high corporate expectations, was officially opened on 30 December 2019, which will provide a rapid boost to the growth of shopping people and will in the future be a new engine for the growth of Sanya Free Shops.
The project started in 2017 with a total planned investment of about 1.2 billion yuan, accounting for 68 acres of land and a total of 65,000 square metres of building space.
(b) Complementing the tax-free shopping mall business and expanding the tax-free commercial and recreational services industry, and creating linkages.
Figure 39: 3A tax-free city II landscape map II. The 2nd phase will become a new engine for the growth of 3A tax-free shops. We believe that 3A International tax-free city II will be a new driver for the upgrading of 3A tax-free shops and for sustained strong growth in their performance.
(b) Second, a well-developed business environment for Phase II could increase the stay of tourists, favouring the growth of the amount of money spent on tourist shopping, and indirectly triggering an increase in the flow of free shopping and the single price of passengers; and, lastly, the project could also bring companies into business.
Revenue from non-tax-free operations, such as shop rent, etc. 4.1.4, revenue projections for tax-exempt stores in Sanya Island 1) shopping times: through intensive online sales and efforts by companies and government policy measures, the public
4.2. Sea-port and off-island tax-exempt shops: construction of the complex in 2022, with the prospect of a new profit growth point 4.2.1, the unification of the Sea-owned free market, and the unification of the Sea-South off-island tax-exempt market, with the intention of acquiring 51 per cent of the sea-owned equity for 2,065 million.
With the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province, the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province has transferred 51% of the tax-exempt items held in Hainan Province to the China Tourist Group, free of charge, in exchange for 2% of the shares of the Chinese National Brigade. On 8 May 2020, the company proposed to purchase 51% of the shares of the China Free Company, which is a shareholder in a cash acquisition holding stock of 2,065 million yuan.
In 2011, the Hainan Company was founded to operate a tax-free concession from the Ex-Island in Hainan Province, and currently holds 51% of the shares of Haiguchi Melan Airport (49% by sea), 100% of the stores in Haiguchi and 100% of the stores in Bojong City.
All four duty-free stores in Hainan Island, including the airport store and the city store and the city store in Bojong. As a result, the duty-free market in Hainan off the island has in fact been managed exclusively by the Chinese company. 4.2.2, Seagate airport store: China takes over the supply, welcomes the flow of passengers and improves the income.
In December 2011, the airport opened. According to an announcement by the Chinese government, the airport increased its revenue from 1,469 million yuan to 2,266 million yuan in 2016-2019, with a complex growth rate of 15.4 per cent, from 760,000 to 1.25 million customers; and from 1933 to 1808 per person-to-person prices. This shows that the increase in airport revenue is also due mainly to purchase.
By contrast, the business of the Haiguchi airport is far less efficient than that of Sanya. In 2019, the number of customers and the number of customers at the Haiguchi airport were 57.6% and 37.5%, respectively. This has a direct bearing on the number of tourists, the small size of the tax-free shop, and the variety of goods.
In addition, the profit margin at the airport is low. According to the China Travel Bulletin, in 2018, the airport collected 2,088 million yuan, representing a net profit of $111 million and a net interest rate of only 5.3%, which we believe is related to two reasons: 1) the airport shop at the airport was previously supplied by dfs, while the wholesale point at dfs was higher (estimated).
More than 15%); 2) Sea exempt management is less than neutral and expensive, although the airport is not high; after the exemption, China will be exempted from supply since 2019, and free from acquisition in 2020, it is expected that the second half of the year will result in substantial improvements in the delivery point and management of the operation.
Sales performance and profitability. 4.2.3. In Haiguchi: 1 billion yuan in sales in the first year of operation, above expectations. In January 2019, a 100 per cent-free tax-free store opened in Haiguchi City Square, in the city of Haiguchi and Sun City, located at the sea port.cbd
The core area, which is approximately 40 minutes from the airport, high iron and port, operates an area of 22,000 square metres, the first phase of which was opened in January 2019, and the second phase of 0.9 million square metres opened in June 2019, and the year of straw will be moved to the newly constructed Seagate International tax-free city, located at the new seaport.
According to the customs statistics of Haiguchi, during its first year of operation (2019.1.19 to 2020.1.19), China City accumulated sales revenues of $1,025 million, with 420,000 shopping places. Thus, we can calculate its unit price of $2440, which is 35.6 per cent higher than the US$ 1,800 airport.
Although it was the first year of operation, the business was still in its infancy, and the stores in Haiguchi were able to achieve a higher than expected sales performance, we believe that there are two main reasons: 1) the market in the Moon Square is located in a mature cbd business circle and adjacent to an empty iron and sea crossing, with a superior geographical location; and 2) there is a wider consumer population (business travelers, ship-to-island tourists and provincial residents) and consumption.
In the future, as the business in Haiguchi matures and the potential of the consumer community continues to be exploited, shopping people will continue to grow at a faster pace. 4.2.4, the new seaport at Haiguchi will be free-of-charge complex in 2022, bringing new profit growth points.
Seagate Free City will be the largest single-body duty-free shop in the world. In late 2018, the company competed for land tenure in the city of Haiguchi, and began preparations for the construction of the city ' s international duty-free city, which is expected to be completed in 2022. The project accounts for hundreds of millions of dollars. Of this amount, the Seaport Free Business Complex covers 886 million square metres of land beyond the Bay of Sanya Sea.
Seagate Free City is the world’s largest single-body duty-free shop, and will be a new growth point in corporate performance in the future. Seagate International is located in the Seaport area on the west coast of the city, in the port area of Luang Sea, which is seamlessly connected to the new seaport on the west side of the city, and on the main main road on the coast of the city.
It is about 500 m from South Harbour, which is connected to the Sea Show Express, the New Seaport, and the offshore South Ribbon High Iron, which is a route for tourists from the Islands.
Figure 43: The geographical location of the Seaport Free Shop, from the Seaport tax-free income/tourism ratio, the flow of passengers via railways and ports off the island, and the prospect of a tax-free business for the project, we believe that the Seaport International Tax-Free City project is expected to be a new bright spot for companies in the future.
First, the tax-free revenue share of the sea mouth is expected to increase steadily. According to the customs control data of the sea mouth, 2.16 billion yuan was sold in the third quarter of 2019 at the Melan airport and in the Plaza de Soleil. Revenue from sea-port tourism up to 2019q3 was $205.82, and the sea-gate tax-free income was 10.49% of total tourism income.
With a total of $7.05 billion in sales tax-free goods, a total of $39.330 billion in tourist revenues and 17.93 per cent of tax-free sales earnings, we believe that the opening of the Seagate tax-free city is expected to lead to the replication of the Sanya Road, which is expected to increase gradually to a second point, and that there is a unique advantage in the shopping of tourists who leave the island.
These include aircraft, ships, trains and self-driving, in which trains and self-driving are transported off the island by ship, and must leave Hainan Province via the port of mouth. The number of passengers leaving the port via the port of mouth of the sea increased annually in 2016-2018, from 6.74 million to 7,54 million and 7.74 million respectively, representing 11.2 per cent, 11.2 per cent and 10.2 per cent of the total number of passengers on the island.
The Seagate Free City project, which is seamlessly connected to the New Seaport Terminal, is 30 minutes from Su Ying Port, 10 minutes from South China Port, and is easily accessible, and will effectively meet the shopping needs of passengers leaving the island via the Port. Thirdly, tax-free business income continues to be released.
The Seagate Free City project will fill the gap in the absence of a large shopping and leisure complex near the western port and increase the company’s tax and business revenues.
(1) Shopping by persons affected by the epidemic in 2020, with negative growth projected at -5 per cent, a rapid rebound by 2021-2022, an increase of 50 per cent and 26 per cent. Intra-municipal shops are supported by consumption by the provincial population, the epidemic (2), passenger unit prices: companies are promoting sales under the epidemic at the airport by 5 per cent in 2020, and the price is expected to fall by 5 per cent in 2020.
From 2021 to 2022, they recovered by 5%; the stores in Haiguchi are expanding and selling their customers' purchases are being promoted (3) In Bochi City store: the base of Bojia shop is small, selling less than 100 million yuan in 2019. The liberalization of license plates in the provinces by promotions has been a major concern for investors about the Chinese government’s barriers to competition.
The day it was reported that the Hainan Province Department of Commerce had indicated that it was currently working with departments such as Hainan Customs to engage with the relevant central ministries in an effort to achieve a more open policy of duty-free exit from the island, introducing a world-renowned tax-free marketing group to open a duty-free shop in Hainan, and setting up a large flagship shop for fine products and introducing high-end consumer brands.
In the short and long term, we believe that the release of the license plates is a pressure to avoid exclusive operations in the off-shore duty-free market. But the release of the tax-free license plates is a sensitive thing to do for the development of the off-island duty-free industry.
The number of licence plates, the approval of qualifications, the negotiation of terms and conditions for business matters, etc. The most likely is the gradual liberalization of the license plates and their limited liberalization. So, even if the license plates were to be liberalized, the impact on them would be gradual and would not be a severe shock.
In other words, market competition has increased, and companies end up concentrating on services and operations rather than on license plates. The exemption of companies from duty-free operations in Hainan Island has built up a pre-existing advantage, including taking over Sanya, Sanya, and Sanya.
The best-positioned duty-free shops, such as the Seagate, have built strong procurement channels and supply chain systems, and have fostered large groups of members. Even if future tax-free policies are liberalized and market margins are reduced, a smooth transition in profit is expected through lower procurement costs and scale expansion.
Airport tax-free shops: take over a core hub airport and do a large-scale increase in the Māori rate 4.3.1 per cent, the company ' s revenue from the three largest airports in the north amounted to 54 per cent, but the net interest rate was less than 6 per cent, and the airport tax-free offices in the three hubs in the north will be exempted from operating for the next seven to eight years.
New Airport tax exemption plays a very important role in the tax-exempt industry, and despite the high rates of rent and deductions, the airport has a very large volume of duty-free sales due to the large flow of people, and the tax-exempt companies will be very aggressive against the airport’s tax-exempt stores. Through bidding negotiations, the company has been granted an exemption from the three major core shipping hubs in the north for the next seven to eight years.
The tax stores are operated by China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
1920 million yuan, or 56 per cent of the company ' s tax-exempt income. According to the company ' s financial data from Shanghai and China, the Māori rate at the Kyongsi airport was 55-60 per cent, but in 2019 the net return profit at the Kyungshu airport was only 140 million yuan and 450 million yuan, respectively.
The net return interest rate at Kyouta airport is only 3.72% and 5.81%, and the net return rate at 51% and table is 1.9% and 3%.
4.3.2. The impact of the core airport shop has been increasing and the Māori rate is expected to rise, with the north and the north of the country accounting for more than 50% of the country’s incoming and outgoing passengers.
According to the annual report, in 2019, 2756/3851/17.94 million trips were made to and from the north of Guang airport, accounting for 51 per cent of the country’s traffic (168 million trips). The three main airports carry the international flow of the most economically active Kyoto, Long Triangle, and Pearl Triangle cities.
In the future, the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers at the three main hubs will continue to grow as Kyoto aspires to synergize development, long-triangular integration, and the construction of three national strategies for the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong. This is a long-term dividend from the continued expansion of airport duty-free shops.
Airfield duty-free sales promote economies of scale and increase Māori rates. Because airports provide a large flow of passengers, they are in a strong position, and there is little room for a decline in the rate of withholding. But, at the cost end, increased duty-free sales at airports can lead to a larger volume of centralized purchases, thereby increasing bargaining power over upstream suppliers and reducing sales.
Ben, raise the Māori rate. For the Sino-Chinese company, based on the current 25 billion-dollar airport tax-free sales, each increase in the Māori rate of 1 pc would mean an additional 200 million gross, given that our airport duty-free shop has only 10-20% penetration, and Māori is between 50 and 55%.
Largely raised spaces (70% of the year 2018 Māori rate for the tax-free head of the Bibliographic Airport), with incentives to do large airport duty-free business, raise the Māori rate through scale effects, increase the contribution of net profits and, to a certain extent, curb the airport ' s ability to increase the rate of deductions.
4.3.3. Shanghai Airport tax-free shop: the size has been doubled, the rate of deductions has increased, the net interest rate has been reduced to 5-6%. In Shanghai, the Rainbow Bridge airport currently operates 2088 m2 duty-free and the Pudong Airport 785 m2 duty-free. The Pudong Airport s1 and s2 satellite hall was operational in September 2019.
The size of the exit shop is 4678 square metres and 4384 square metres, respectively, and the tax-exempt area has increased by about a factor of one; and the satellite hall's tax-free shop, which is mainly for display and sale of fine items, is expected to further increase penetration rates and unit prices.
In view of the high rate of withholding of duty-free shops at Shanghai Airport, the net interest rate on duty-free sales will be reduced gradually. The company’s financial statements show that in Shanghai 2018-2019, income from Shanghai was $12.5 billion and $15.15 billion, respectively; net profits were $1,095 million and $450 million, respectively, with net interest rates of 8.8% and 5.8%, respectively, as a result of the decline in Pudong.
t2 as a result of the implementation of the new deduction rule. According to our calculations, the net interest rate at the Shanghai airport duty-free shop has been reduced to 5-6% since 2022 with the full implementation of the tcart 2 and the Satellite Office. Shanghai performance and changes in net interest rates from 2018 to 2019 (in billions of dollars)
4.3.4. Income projections for tax-free shops at Shanghai Airport (1): Inbound passengers: the increase in satellite halls notwithstanding, the epidemic has led to a significant decline in international flights, and companies have issued (2) tax-free shopping penetration rates: Shanghai Airport was 16 per cent in 2019, and sales promotions increase consumer appetite.
(3) Portfolio price: Shanghai passenger unit price: $2459 in 2019, Beijing airport duty-free shop in 2020, affected by the epidemic, 4.3.5 in 2020: the winning airport with a better area and a better deduction than t2, with a net interest rate of about 5 per cent. June 2017, China-China company winning the winning airport of the capital.
The first-year operating fee for the eight-year contract is $2.2 billion, or 43.5 per cent. The specific fee principle is a high ratio between the operating fee and the sales withdrawal.
In March 2019, it was exempted from the 10-year (2019-2029) tax-free premises at Da-Hing Airport, where a 49-per-cent percentage was raised for tobacco, alcohol, food, 46-per-cent for perfume, and fine items, and 20-per-cent for fine items.
45.3 per cent lower than the capital, t2, and 1.8 per cent higher than the capital, t3, in addition to the fact that the first two columns of Dae-Hing Airport combined a total of 646 million yuan, which is 830 million yuan lower than the base of t2;
In other words, with 42 per cent increase in the tax-exempt area of Da Hing airport compared to the capital t2, the overall bottom drop is 22 per cent lower, the aggregate rate of deductions is 2.2 pct lower, and despite the new airport factors, it is more profitable to avoid the combined profitability in the context of the subsequent t2 international flight switchover.
We believe that, at the cut-off level of Da-Hing Airport, the profits of Da-Hing Airport's tax-free shop are expected to be up to 5%, close to Shanghai Airport's tax-free shop. It was officially opened on November 18th. We expect rapid growth in international passenger traffic at Beijing Airport.
The market is expected to generate significant profits for the company. 4.3.6 and Beijing enter the two-hub era, with Dae-Hing airport nearing $6 billion in revenue by 2025, and Beijing enter the two-hub era, with a rapid increase in passenger traffic at Da-Hing airport.
Issuance of a " Configuration Programme " and " Coordination Programme " , on two occasions in one city, which clarified the plan for the transfer of the Beijing Daesing International Airport, in which the South China Airlines, the Eastern Air Group-related airlines, some foreign airlines and others were transferred to the Beijing Daesing International Airport, completed within five years, with passengers expected to arrive at the airport in 2021 and 2025, respectively
As far as diversion is concerned, we believe that it has a limited impact. The total capacity of the airport in the capital is 85 million, which has been overworked since 2014, and more than 100 million passenger traffic in 2018, reaching the design load.
According to the Civil Aviation Authority, the airport will split the flow of passengers from some of the capital's airports, but the overall impact will be modest. By 2025, the traffic at the capital's airport will remain at 30% of all arrivals and departures from the airport, and the number of arrivals and departures will be around 21.6 million.
On the assumption that the ratio of outflows, unit passenger consumption (tax-free sales/total arrivals/exites), we can make a sensitivity analysis of the size of the sale of the tax-free airport: 1) 20 per cent, 25 per cent, 30 per cent of arrivals and departures from the airport;
2) The amount of passenger consumption in the airport unit is the same as in the capital airport, at +5% and -5%; we expect that, with no change in the consumption of passengers per unit, if 2,1.6 million people are imported into or out of the airport in 2025, the size of the airport will be about $4.8 to 5 billion.
(1) Passengers in and out of the country: Despite the increase in the number of airports, the epidemic has led to a significant drop in international flights and the company's power to sell back-to-back, the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers is expected to decline by 60 per cent in 2020 and to pick up significantly in 2021-2022, with an increase (2) in the penetration rate of duty-free shopping: 16 per cent at the airport in the capital, in 2019, and the promotion of sales will increase consumer appetite.
4.3.8. Guangzhou Airport Tax Free Shop: The third largest airport in the country has a large potential for small increases in the size of the tax-free base. In 2019, China ranked third in the country with 73.38 million passenger traffic at Guangzhou Airport.
With the opening of the t2 terminal at White Cloud Airport in February 2018, the tax-free shop has improved considerably not only in size, but also in location, among other things.
After the launch of t2, the entrance shop at White Cloud Airport has an area of 1,100 square metres (t1400+t2700); the exit shop has an area of 4544 square metres (t11000+t23544).
In our view, as the third largest airport in the country and the core hub of the Australasia Bay region in Hong Kong, international passenger flows are expected to level Beijing and Shanghai, and their airport duty-free stores are currently on a small base and can be sold on a larger scale in the future in order to increase their potential for Beijing and Shanghai.
4.3.9. Guangzhou Airport Revenue Forecast: (1) Inbound passengers: The epidemic has led to a significant drop in international flights and company sales on-line, but the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers is expected to drop by 60% in 2020.
(3) Portfolio Prices: In 2019, the price was $894 for Hong Kong passenger unit, which is expected to fall by 5% in 2020, and the price for the disease company is expected to fall by 5%. The base figure for Guangzhou airport is low and will rise by 5% in 2021-2022.
In April 2017, 80% of the Central Free Shared - Lagdell Ltd. obtained license plates for tobacco and alcohol products at Hong Kong airport, operating 3,400 square metres for the period from 18 November 2017 to 30 September 2024 (nearly seven years). As a result of the sole operation of the tobacco and alcohol industry, the country produced a high level of tobacco and alcohol and imported cigarettes in comparison to perfume.
Hong Kong Airport is one of the most central international hubs in the Great China Region (the fourth largest airport in Asia), connected to more than 190 destinations around the world, with large international passenger flows. Since 2016, Hong Kong Airport has been transporting passengers.
According to corporate finance reports, the tax-free shops at Hong Kong airports have earned 2,097 million yuan and 2,402 million yuan, respectively, and have been able to increase by 14.54 per cent, despite the impact of the changes.
The Hong Kong airport has been experiencing a 2-6 per cent moderate or low rate of increase in passenger flows, which in 2019 was affected by the wave of repairs, a 4.2 per cent drop in passenger flows and a significant drop in passenger flows in 2020, but companies still have to pay the bottom of the net. 4.4. Intra-city duty-free shops: shopping is expected to expand to the country ' s citizens, amounting to 10 billion in the medium and long term.
At this stage, tax-free shops in our cities are divided into two types: duty-free shops in our cities and duty-free shops in our cities, and duty-free shops in our cities of exit and entry, and for foreign nationals and Chinese residents returning to China, respectively.
In China, tax-free shops are operated mainly by Chinese uniforms. In China, tax-free shops in the city are described below.
To date, five duty-free shops have been opened in China, Qingjia, Dalian, Beijing, Shanghai, and Hong Kong, with the opening of tax-free stores in Xiamen and Qingdao.
It is expected that the duty-free market will be opened in Macao next year. 4.4.2, the duty-free market policy in the city will be relaxed, and it is expected that the duty-free market in the city will be the largest worldwide tax-free business, with a sales ratio of 39%.
South Korea, the world's number one country, had a 21.3 billion tax-free market in 2019, with 18 billion tax-free sales in the city, up to 85% of which was absolutely dominant. This was largely due to the importance that the Korean government attached to the development of duty-free shops in the city, and the establishment of a South Korean national who left the country for South Korea, a South Korean national who left the country, a South Korean national who left the country, a South Korean national who left the country for duty-free country, a South Korean city licence plate.
In 1979, the Republic of Korea took the lead in the introduction of the intra-city duty-free shop policy, whereby passengers can use their passports and exit tickets to raise the national exit exemption limit to $2,000, $3,000 and $5,000, respectively, during the year.
South Korea’s innovative tax-free system attracts home-grown residents into duty-free shopping, and then induces global tourists like China to go to Korea for duty-free consumption as a powerful home-grown tax-free market. It is worth noting that 70% of South Korea’s tax-free sales are Chinese.
Depending on the situation in the country, tax-free consumption is still primarily a national (cf. Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop, where more than 90 per cent of shoppers are nationals), so that in the future the size of duty-free sales in the city will be very large (China’s domestic consumer market is far greater than South Korea).
In addition, in terms of the tax-exempt quota, the amount of $8,000 is currently shared with duty-free shopping in and out of the city, at a lower level, and is expected to rise in the future. Tax-free shops in the city have the dual advantage of being large and profitable.
The large flow of incoming and outgoing passengers from the first line of cities has an advantage over the off-island shop; at the same time it does not take up the airport ' s area of operation, it is not necessary to pay a high withholding rate of more than 40 per cent and to share only with the airport a percentage of the withdrawals (almost below the rate), so that the net interest rate is much higher than the airport ' s.
At present, five of them are exempt, taking into account that there are more than 80% of the traffic in and out of Kyoto, and we believe that the growth in the revenue of Kyoto City represents the potential for future development of the business. Against the backdrop of policy easing and the convergence of duty-free consumer demand, we base our targets on the flow of goods, the penetration rate of purchases, and the price of single passengers.
A sensitivity analysis of the size of the store ' s income in Kyoto City: (1) Import and exit traffic: Kyoto Airport is the country ' s most important international airport and, with economic growth, it will continue to grow. The 2020 - 2024 period is expected to be reached, taking into account the increase in the volume of incoming and outgoing traffic at Kyoto Airport in the last three years.
Tens of thousands of times, without taking into account the 17.17 million passengers who spent the night at the mouth of the sea that year, the penetration rate was 2.4 per cent. The tax-free city of Sanya Bay was relatively mature, with 8 per cent penetration. We expect that the initial penetration rate of the shop in Kyoto will be 2-4 per cent and 8-10 per cent in the medium term.
(3) Unit price: The price of the first year of business in Haiguchi is $2440, while the price of the Sanya shop is close to $5,000. Since the tax-exempt limit is less than $8,000, but Kyoto is more able to consume than China, we expect the initial unit price to be $1,000-2000, which is expected to rise to $2,500-4000 in the medium term.
On the whole, we estimate that the total sales of duty-free shops in the early days of Kyoto are about $3-4.5 billion. In the medium term, considering the increase in the number of departures, the increase in the penetration rate of departures and the increase in the unit price, it is expected that tax-free shops in Kyoto will receive between $16 billion and $20 billion.
At present, the company's business is divided into two major sectors: sales of goods are mainly tax-free, sales of goods; other operations are business investment development operations related to tax-free shops. Commodity sales are 98%. Therefore, income projections are mainly based on tax-free company operations, including duty-free operations from Hainan Island.
In chapter 4 above, we have made detailed projections of the company's main tax-exempt stores' revenues, explaining specific assumptions about the prices of passengers, passenger traffic, penetration rates, etc., including the Sanya tax-free city, Shanghai airport store, Beijing aircraft.
The premises, the Guangzhou airport, the Sea Free Company, etc., are based on the following assumptions: (1) Sea exempt companies: 51 per cent of their shares are acquired by companies and are expected to be combined in the second half of 2020.
(2) Hong Kong Airport Shop: Similar to the three main hubs in the north, the 2020 outbreak-affected income is expected to fall) and other duty-free shops: while the Ministry and other duty-free businesses will also decline as a result of the epidemic, online sales and wholesale operations will partially offset the impact, which is expected to decline by 40 per cent in 2020, smaller than the airport.
(4) Other business: Business development, invested in by the United Kingdom, has been affected by the epidemic, but in the second quarter, Māori has focused on tax-free business, Māori has stabilized and there is room for improvement. (1) Marketing costs: Corporate marketing costs are expected to increase in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic.
(2) Management costs: low and stable rates of company administration, with financial costs arising from the impact of the epidemic in 2020 (3): very low financial pressure on the company and generally negative financial costs. 2 Losses and losses on minority shareholders due to the epidemic in 2020: gains and losses on minority shareholders are mainly in Shanghai, Shanghai, China, China, China, and China, among others.
We believe that, despite the fact that companies are affected by the epidemic and that tax-free sales will decline significantly in 2020, the public domain has a strong position and a clear competitive advantage, with tax-exempt policy dividends and tax-exempt consumption returning trends unchanged, looking at the long-term high growth logic in the public sector and covering the first time a “recommended” rating.
For the time being, duty-free shops in the city of departure are not open to nationals, and future policies are not on track, or tax-free rates are lower than expected by the market. At the same time, if tax-free licences are relaxed, the opening of the Hainan Free Trade Port to liberalize duty-free operating conditions will increase competition in the sector.
The global epidemic has not yet been effectively controlled, macroeconomic pressures, domestic consumption has continued to weaken, emigration has decreased, the purchasing power of departing passengers and marginal consumption has declined, penetration rates have declined and individual prices have fallen.
The devaluation of the renminbi against the United States dollar and the dollar value of duty-free purchases will lead to higher operating costs for the company.
2. Net profit and its annual growth rate