The benefits of the heavy-carat chain are clear, and the high-end manufacturing power is strong.
In 2017, under the influence of factors such as the implementation of the New Deal, the acceleration of capital investment and the promotion of the ppp project, the domestic market was extremely high, and the number of heavy cards sold nationwide stood at 1,117 million.
A record high, with an increase of 52.4 per cent over the same period, was recorded in the chain layout of the heavy-carat industry, which included the power mix (heavy car engines, transmission boxes, whole cars, etc.) and was affected by the heavy-carved heights, with 370,000 heavy-cargo engines sold, an increase of 86.9 per cent over the previous year, with the city increasing by 33.1 per cent by 6.1 per cent over the previous year.
Percentage points; 835,000 vans sold by the holding subsidiary, Shaft, and 149,000 cards sold by the controlling subsidiary, and 81.3 per cent by the same date, to achieve a rise in the internal weight card, which was lower than it was in 2017, but continued warming by the heavy works card.
With the arrival of a vehicle replacement cycle and the increase in demand for high-volume, high-power logistics heavy-cards stimulated by power vendor logistics, domestic heavy-cards will continue to operate at a high level. Overseas operations have created synergies and significantly increased their performance.
In 2012, the company acquired 25% and 70% shares of the Lindh hydraulics with 740 million euros and increased its holdings to 43.26%, the top industrial forklift manufacturer in Europe, and the second-largest industrial forklift manufacturer in the world. The share of the global market was about 15% in June 2016.
Kaiju acquired $2.1 billion of the world’s leading warehouse logistics automation firm, DeMartek, to build the world’s leading provider of smart warehouse logistics solutions. This buy-in has been beneficial in leveraging their respective business advantages and market positions, with clear synergies.
Companies have achieved substantial growth in overseas operations, with net profits of $58,493 million and 2,629 million, respectively, compared to 42.4% and 59.4% respectively. Companies are ahead of the curve in the intelligent logistics industry, and future companies are expected to work together with domestic and foreign operations to construct the “Scaffery Main Line Transport + Keptune Materials”
The closure of the intellectual logistics industry chain of +Dmatek Smart Warehouse + Shandong Heavy Industries Financial Services has become a market leader in the overall industrial 4.0 smart logistics solution. The core competitiveness is growing as we open the way to high-end manufacturing.
In our view, the main reasons for the growing corporate consolidation are: on the one hand, firms are steadily moving forward with the restructuring of traditional business strategies, market-oriented, increased investment in research and development, accelerating product upgrading and achieving good results, and striving to move traditional business beyond world one.
Flow levels. For example, in terms of large-volume motors, the company ' s wp13 product sold 556,000 units in 2017, a 2.6-fold increase in the same year, became the dominant commercial vehicle product, replacing it with a whole new strategy. The product wp9h/wp10h, sold 29,000 units in its first year of listing, was highly marketed and developed.
Wp13-Evi diesel machines, filling the gap in the country’s large-volume, high-power, low-emission 13-l vehicles, etc. On the other hand, the overall situation is moving toward future innovative projects, opening the way to “up-front” strategic development, such as accelerating the industrialization of new energy operations and pushing for new ones.
Construction of energy-powered industrial parks; working with internationally recognized enterprises to speed up breakthroughs in hydrogen fuel cells, solid-state oxidation fuel cells, solid-state lithium cell core technology, etc.
Taking into account the lack of pessimism about the domestic heavy card sales in 2018 and the firm's strong core competitiveness, “the increase in heavy card sales is not as much as expected and overseas operations are not growing as expected”