Newly high net profits since the market, strong growth power \triangleright Industrial Wealth Federation (601138)
The accumulated profits of the first three quarters have been new to the market, with continued optimization of the product structure and significant improvements in profitability. With improved downstream demand for the company’s main business, the company’s operating profits in the previous three quarters amounted to $14,591 million, or +10.73 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $13,485 million, or +14.32 per cent.
At the same time, the share of business such as the ai, end-of-pipe precision, etc., increased significantly in corporate profitability, with a sales rate of 7.96 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared with 1.04 pct; net sales interest rate of 4.10 per cent; and Han Qi's electronics industry contacts
The company has the ability to generate a whole industry-chain solution, with customers covering global head cloud service providers. Since the success of this year’s big model, there has been a strong demand for arithmetic hardware, a steady flow of company-related business, and a product structure.
In terms of end-level precision, high-steward demand is good, titanium center frame upgrades are good, and the company’s end-level precision is very beneficial. Business layout is gradual, and growth dynamics are increasing.
\triangleright Robots, genai. Looking ahead, industry, consumer electronics, etc. are expected to innovate in the context of the development of the ai, and corporate cloud computing is expected to work with communications, robotics, etc.
Resonance, laying a solid foundation for the growth of the company.
In November 2022, the Combine Electronics Group joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, motor electronics, etc.
In September of that year, Shanghai Microelectronic Equipment (GSM) Inc., Inc., was joined in December 2022 as an engineer in the light-engineer system by the Credit Certificate Electronics Group, which studied precision electronic instruments, semiconductor equipment and parts, semiconductor processes, etc. The study was directed towards the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.