Income profits continue to grow and enter the new growth cycle. : On October 20th, LansyTech published a tri-quarter report in 2024, the company achieved a gross operating income of 46,228 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, i.e. + 36.74 per cent in the same year; achieved a net return to the mother of 2,371 million yuan.
The global smartphone market is recovering, and the glass sheet process and value levels continue to rise. Companies have mastered the core techniques of the glass sheet, which dominates the country, working in depth with well-known brands, such as apples, Samsung, millet, and others.
Gross operating income of 46,228 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2024, i.e. +36.74 per cent in relation to the previous quarter; net return profit achieved.
The efficiency of physical operations has been increasing, with 3q24 having a similar rate. 3q24 having a Māori ratio, consumer electronics have been moving steadily into a new growth cycle. The company’s consumer electronics base plate continues to expand its territory, horizontally expands new materials such as ceramics, sapphires and contact sensors, and vertically expands downstream groups.
In 2021, the company established Blue Sense (Team State) Ltd., cutting into the large customer ' s metal structure system and continuously importing it into the country and abroad with cash of about 9.3 billion yuan in cash.
Clients. In addition, companies continue to increase their investment in research and development, promoting technological innovation and patent accumulation, and by the third year before 2024, automobiles had more to do with the construction of new growth engines. In the case of new energy vehicles, companies have expanded their cars, glass products and other vehicle-borne products, and have expanded their power-filling poles, precision metal structures of power batteries, and so on, so on.
Millions of dollars, representing 9.4 per cent of the company's total revenues, an increase of 19.01 per cent, and a Māori rate of 9.70 per cent; the company has established partnerships with more than 30 new domestic and foreign energy and traditional luxury car brands, covering technology development to products.
Component and module products, horizontal expansion of new energy sources, maintenance of “recommended” ratings. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.