Events: On October 20, Lancet released its third quarterly report for 2024. Three quarters of 2021, LancetTecht (300433). Long-term development of multiple development aids and reduction of efficiency gains.
The leading enterprises, which have been horizontally active for many years, are vertically integrated. They now form industrial matrices in the areas of glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, contact control, fingerprinting, etc., while promoting corporate growth through odm/oem operations.
In the context of change, the growth of corporate performance has been remarkable, with sales increasing simultaneously in scale and profitability. In the third quarter of 2024, the Māori/net sales interest rate for corporate sales reached a strong growth dynamic in the consumer electronics industry, with wide scope for companies to grow.
From 2023 to the present, the hardware end and the software end have been updated simultaneously. The software end, openal introduces intensive learning, and the post-training age scalinglaws are active. Hardware end, gb200 is about to be delivered, and computing costs are expected to decrease rapidly.
The company’s deep-farming consumer electronics industry is expected to benefit from the industry’s core dividends over the years. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on the firm’s strength in consumer electronics and vehicle-borne areas.
♪ One can consume high e-growth and diversified development ♪
I'm sorry, cindasecuritiesco.
In November 2022, the group joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., and stored chips, simulated chips, servers, pcb, consumer electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.