Pil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Technology.
RamsyTech (300433.ch): Three-quarter performances, Ma Ji-chun, reiterating the “buy-in” rating of BluesTech: Three-quarter performances of Lance outperformed us and the city.
The company's profits are expected to grow in the next two years. In the short term, this year's fourth quarter is the e-consumption season, the company Huang Jiaqi.
Rings are clearer than growth dynamics. In the medium term next year, LanceTech's growing kinetic operations are expanding. 3) aipc's new business growth, and 4) car business's new product for next year's households. In the longer term, Lance values R&D inputs and expansion of business rules.
At the same time, the company’s capital spending is relatively restrained in the short term. So the company’s profits increase, and we think it is one of the high-quality consumer electronics poles, and we expect to outperform the expectations in the next three quarters: in the third quarter of this year, Rance’s income reached RMB 17.4 billion.
The total market value (million yuan) is 21.4 per cent of the company's Māori rate, an increase of 1.0 percentage points over the same period, and the ring's 5.0 percentage points, which exceeds the market and our expectations, including mobile phones and computers, new energy vehicles and intelligence.
The Māori rate for business class such as cabins, other smart terminals, etc. has increased, while the revenue ratio for business such as assembly with a lower Māori rate has somewhat diluted the company’s overall Māori rate.
As a result, company operating profits increased significantly, by 56% over the same period, and by 210% over the same period. Blues grew profit by RMB 1.51 billion over the third quarter, by 38% over the same period, by 173% over the same period, recording profits in the second-highest quarter, higher than market expectations; and by cutting off non-net profits.
By contrast, the growth was 46 per cent in the same year, and 236 per cent in the ring.
We value Lance using the segment plus general valuation method. We give Lance 2024 smart phones and computers, new energy cars and smart cabins, smart head displays and smart wear classes 33.0x, 28.0x,
We expect that, in 2024, with the rapid growth of the Ramsey assembly business, car electronics, the market will give Lance a higher valuation of our target market surplus of 31.1 x.spdbi is optimistic and pessimistic scenario assumption.
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate revenue growth is not as good as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected and demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, recovers more than expected.
Demand for consumer electronics, such as smart phones, has recovered less than expected, and odm is expanding faster than expected, and the losses are becoming weaker in the next two years.
The semiconductor sector is moving faster than expected. The semiconductor sector is absorbing better than expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of this report have expressed and assured their right to this report under the following conditions and have agreed to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]