Can Shanghai Airport take a wave of wind in 2021 cancansghaiairportkeeprowing?
Short report label: non-aviation revenue, throughput, bargaining power
The core business in the Shanghai airport business model is tax-free commerce, and the core driver is passenger throughput. On the one hand, the increase in international passenger traffic directly contributes to tax-free commerce, and on the other hand, the increase in passenger throughput provides a continuous flow of non-aeronautical income as aviation revenue increases.
The marginal contribution of passenger throughput to non-avigational income was higher than that of aviation. • In 2015-2019, passenger throughput rose from 914.773 million to 13,569,000, with a complex annual growth rate of 10.3 per cent and Chinese airport throughput from 14.0940 million tons.
The number of passengers is expected to reach 244,592,000 and the amount of Chinese airport mail is expected to reach 23,080,000. • Shanghai Airport has issued an announcement that it will no longer raise the ratio of $410 million to 42.5 per cent combined sales.
The supplementary agreement makes concessions and increases the certainty of income ceilings in recent years in high international passenger flow, and increases the flexibility of income in future years in high international passenger flow.
Replace the old “low-low-high-pump” model with a “low-pump-high-pump” model, yielding short-term rent gains and increasing its medium- and long-term bargaining power in exchange for long-term value.
As the first Internet business advisory platform for the B2b model of artificial intelligence technology in mainland China, the Jaguar Institute has developed a one-stop industry service system that combines industrial research, political and business advice, industrial planning, and industrial services at fairs. It integrates multiple resources and is committed to providing the most professional, complete and time-consuming industry and enterprise database services for users, helping users to build knowledge together and share property rights.
Based on the sharing of high-quality business resources, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, and focusing on industrial focus, hotspot issues, based on rich case and big data, through open collaborative research platforms that bring together the wisdom and promote healthy, orderly and sustainable development of the industry, four core services:
(b) Campus planning, industrial planning, customized reporting services, management of enterprises
Industry Summit Planning, Awards Selection, Industry Local Industrial Planning, Campus Business Incubation Services Advisory, Strategic Adjustment Services, etc.
A technical support service from the reporting library and the internal research team, a small leopard program - a micro-tweeper search, a two-dimensional reading study of the cell phone above Shanghai Airport.
• Business model • where the core comes from • passenger throughput
♪ The mail toss, the mail toss, the backsliding, the mutants ♪
♪ The wind should be long enough ♪ ♪ to be rich and at risk ♪ ♪ To know what's good for you ♪