The company's evaluation report  Beverage milk  22q3 revenue up and profit continues to improve - performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2022
Liu Xinjiang observed that 22q3 income was faster than the ring, mainly as a result of: (a) a rise in the domestic epidemic from July to August, a recovery in consumption scenes and a recovery in logistics to replenish stocks; and (b) extreme temperatures in more than one summer.
Controlling the cost of hedging pressure and improving profitability are expected to continue. Net profit returns are expected for the first three quarters of 2022. Overall, the profitability of 2203 has improved slightly over the same period, although the price of the pet bottle is still higher than the same price.
Delays in the conduct of the Games have led to a decline in the company’s cost rate, coupled with internal efficiency gains and non-recurring revenue hedge cost pressures. The net return interest rate of 22q3 was 17.4% ~ 17.7%, compared to +0.4 ~ 0.7 pct. Medium term: attention to the progress of the Red Bull Trademark case, but it is not appropriate to overestimate its impact on the sale of the red cow trademark.
The Department's progress has raised market concerns: (1) the energy beverage industry is a binary market structure, and there are large differences between the doppelganger and the red cow in the guest, channel and price bands, as reflected in the growth of the red cow as a whole in recent years, while the size of the doppelganger continues to grow. (2) So even if Wabin wins, more of it is within the red cow market.
Change, with a relatively limited long-term impact on the marketing of East Plum, the “blue collar” base plate remains solid; 3) but the likely result is an overall increase in the industry’s costs, or an impact on the company’s profitability, and an increase in the difficulty of upgrading the Orang brand. Long term: fission + channel expansion + sea exit strategy, three growth curves become clearer. 1) Channel thrust, right.
The regional structure and network of red bulls will speed up the penetration of distributors and terminals, laying an important foundation for nationalization over the next five years with a relatively deep 300-skinned picture; 2) product innovation, with zero sugar + bubble beverages, is expected to prolong the life cycle of East Pine.
Large latte plus sporting beverages, which are closer to the product properties and energy beverages, are expected to replicate the large monolithic experience; 3) Outward strategies, which, globally, will catalyse a large amount of energy beverages demand in local markets, including in the South East, the Middle East, Africa, etc., while overseas experiences such as Monster, m150 and others demonstrate the viability of the sea strategy.
Performance growth certainty and growth are scarce within the industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company's evaluation report is a high-income, short-term pressure on profitability.
The acceleration was sustained in 22 years: Qinghua University was very successful in entering the securities industry in 2007 and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2011. Many years of research experience in the consumer sector. Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, covering the catering supply chain, spices, soft drinks, milk.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.