The performance is in line with expectations, with four-quarter improvements in the performance of an incident evaluation report by the company East Ping Beverage (605499.sh).
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn has increased the unit price of raw material and white sugar purchases over the first half of the year, respectively, with interest rates dragging down the sales rate with a reduction of 5 pct, and administrative costs with a reduction of 0.4 pct.
As a result, the net operating cash flow of 2,022 q1-q3 was $1.422 billion (same increase) in the event evaluation report: nationalization has had a significant impact and improved profitability.
The number is 2,148 and represents a net increase of 199. 2022q3 has been better marketed, with a significant increase in October, the ring has been raised, and it is a positive season that has led to increased drinking frequency and a recovery of purchasing grounds.
High expectations lead to single-point income growth. As the nationalization strategy moves forward, the company continues to grow in the Guangdong market, following the 3nd report from the Chinese Stock Exchange,* while actively opening up the national market for 500 ml gold bottles.
A review report - * East Peng beverages (605499)* continue to progress steadily, continuing to promote nationalization, and continuing to boost corporate sales revenues to increase steadily.
And for core-led end-market penetration, sustained release, scale effects, we look at the company's energy beverage track and new products under the national expansion path, the macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic's consumption drag, the season's underselling, and so on.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.