The nationalization strategy is continuing, with long-term growth supported by the production of capacity, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• National expansion is progressing in an orderly manner, and the ice is showing remarkable results. 1. Sub-groups, large monoliths, accelerated expansion of the market, long-term development of the “energy plus” matrix, new products such as sugar 0 and curry have the potential to spread throughout the country, new gold cans are more operational, upgraded and upgraded. 2. Sub-regions, companies are traditionally strong.
In the Guangdong region, full-scale farming continues to expand the consumer population, fine-tune the town and town markets and promote full product coverage. In the national region, a large-scale mode of circulation for empty markets and a full-scale mode of cultivation for mature markets have been adopted. In the first half of 2022, the number of corporate distributors increased from 2312 to 2,590 and end-points.
The number has increased from 2.09 million to 2.5 million. 3 - Channel operations have been strengthened to increase the frequency of consumer purchases and single-point output, with 74,000 freezers in place by the end of the first half of 2022, in line with the idea that “freezing is the best show” and increasing the number of freezer drops and product freeze displays in the channels.
At the cost side, the purchase price of large-scale polyester slices and white sugar, among others, has risen significantly, reducing the overall Māori rate. At the cost side, the economies of scale have gradually become apparent, efficiency gains have been managed and cost rates have been reduced.
• The period of strategic opportunity remains, and the production and distribution of capacity has opened up the space for growth. The camp’s continued intensive farming channels in the Guangdong region have sunk market demand, and sales are expected to progress smoothly in the more vulnerable areas, with large gaps outside the province.
The company has now built seven production bases, with a combined capacity of about 2.8 million tonnes/year, while at the same time 10,000 tonnes. The production bases are deployed at multiple points throughout the country, effectively reducing logistics costs, improving the timeliness and stability of the supply of products, further achieving economies of scale and laying a solid foundation for long-term sustainability.
Energetic capacity opens up the future (2022-08-17).
3. Dopium beverages (605499): stock of new products. 4. Dopium beverages (605499): q4 continues to increase.
The product + channel continues to function (2022-01-19) 5. Dopium beverages (605499): Nationalization is steady. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.