+19.5% for the same year; $1.17 billion for the mother, +17.0% for the same year; $1.06 billion for the non-mother, q3 for the Q3 ring speed, with the expansion of channels and high demand for larger single goods.
The third quarter was marked by high temperatures and the spread of the epidemic in the summer, a double increase in the amount of drinking and the frequency of drinking, a steady increase in the capacity of the company to open up the terminal, a further increase in the operation of the channels, an increase in product exposure through such initiatives as the release of ice at the end of the channel and the freezing of products, and a rapid increase in revenue.
Long. According to the product, 22q3 East Bott/other beverages were collected at $2.277 billion, compared to the Wang Xinhai Basic Business Programme. Subregionally, companies continued to flourish in the Greater East, while actively promoting the process of nationalization.
East 22q3 achieved revenues of $1.02 billion, compared to +13.8 per cent; out-of-provincial market growth was strong, China China/south-west/northeast, with 22q3 generating revenues of $2.6/1.7.14 billion, respectively, through the same line, while continuously optimizing the structure of the intra-provincial distributors and accelerating the promotion of out-of-provincial recruitment at the end of 22 years q1-3
There are 2,600 dealers, a net increase of 288 at the end of the 21st year. Cost controls fine-tune hedging cost pressures, with 22q3 earning capacity going backwards. 22q3 raw materials were 1. Dongong beverages (605499.sh) in mid-2022:
Costs are fined and the country’s multi-point layout continues to move forward by the upward trend, with companies managing hedging cost pressures through cost fine-tuning. The ratio of Māori 22q3 to Māori is the result of continued optimized cost spending by companies, with sales/management/financial cost rates changing separately.
With faster performance growth, regional expansion continued to increase profits at a higher rate than revenue of 2021,22q3 and a backlash in profitability. 3. Dopium beverages (605499) were reported in mid-2021:
Investment recommendations: In the context of continuing cost upswings, corporate cost refinement management has been very effective, and subsequent drops in raw material prices are expected to release further pressure. At the end of the channel, companies are steadily increasing the breadth and depth of the distribution network, 4. Orang Peng beverages (605499) are projected for the semi-annual performance of 2021
To further deepen the nationalization, the extra-provincial expansion is continuing. At the same time, there is a positive assessment of the "energy plus" product: 21q2 income has increased, with higher costs being invested, and other types of beverages have been expanded to meet consumer diversity needs.
Rapid breakout - 2021/07/14 5. In-depth report on beverages (605499)
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not inspired or influenced by any third party, and whose findings are not received directly or indirectly by, for, or by reason of, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.