Incidents: Three-quarterly reports in 2022 were published. On October 27, the three-quarterly newspaper, 2022, was published. The company q1-3 achieved operating income of $6,644 million, or +19.50 per cent; the parent net profit company q3 achieved operating income of $2,353 million, or +25.30 per cent; the parent net profit of $411 million.
At the income side, the company q3 actually earns \triangleright billions of yuan, which is +13.8% of the year, while the ring +18.7% of the year is significantly higher.
Outside Guangdong Province, the growth rate continues to be high, with China/China/Cangxi/Southwest/North-East continuing to press ahead with the Māori rate, but the net profit rate remains robust. The company q3 Māori rate is 40.1%, compared to 3.45pt, ring ratio -2.19pt, q3 primary raw material polyester cutters and white sugar mining
Cost rates were properly controlled, with rates stable compared to q2, while net profit rates were maintained at 17.5 per cent, compared to +0.41 pct, ring ratio, supplemented by investment gains from fair value changes in government subsidies and 4.43 million financial assets/disposal of financial investments
In October, the growth rate was higher, and the rest of the season was expected to be better. Subject to the cooling weather, four quarters were the traditional \triangleright consumption season, and four quarters of the company usually received less than two or three quarters.
In October of this year, the marketing of company products increased significantly over the same period last year, and the sales grew faster than in the previous three seasons. On the cost side, the company’s Māori ratio increased as the cost of purchasing polyester slices and white sugars dropped in October compared to the price ring.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Recovering demand, falling costs, we recommend on a continuous basis. Three quarters of the overall recovery in the popular goods industry has been slow, but the company's expansion of its needs and nationalization strategy, relying on East Pate's drinking, has been successful. In October, the company's performance continued to outperform expectations, and we think it's public.
30xpe, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies. Risk factors: the price of raw materials rebounded and the epidemic repeatedly affected the recovery of demand.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, studied the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China.
The study focused on breaking through the industry and the shares, looking at valuations and security margins. The personal public: a food drink study. You don't know how to talk, you break the depth, you walk out slowly. You do a little temperature-based industrial research, you try to work with stock understanding for investors.
The main areas covered are pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, succulent foods), spices (sophisticated with seafood, millet foods, smelting vegetables, succulent foods, Qinghai International, etc.).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, a mammoth giant, and one year of food and beverage research experience.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.