Three-quarterly review of East Plum beverages (605499.sh): The harvest is on schedule and expected to be repaired at improved cost.
+14.40 Revenues and profit performances are close to the previous performance ceiling. Summer heat has accelerated the pick-up rate, pet prices have arrived, and further optimism is expected for gross interest rates to be restored.
At the cost end, the company’s three-quarter gross primary feedstock price reached a high of $9850 per ton, followed by a downward trend, with q3 expected to be a low annual Māori rate.
At the end of October, the price of pet fell to $7690 per ton, and the cost end significantly improved net interest rate levels.
There is a recovery in demand and a steady pace of nationalization. At the end of the company's 22q3 cooperative distributors, 2,600, a net increase of 10 in the single quarter, the ring ratio + 0.39%, and a slight slowdown in the expansion of channels.
20.73/265 million yuan, corresponding to +25.97 per cent/-1.68 per cent, the outbreak of q3 gradually improved, with sub-line consumption recovering, with traditional demand for drinking channels rebounding and consumption falling off the line.
In the first half of the year, the Hong Kong Port reversed the decline, with a significant increase in the same ring ratio. China, China, China, China, South, North and South, and the same speed with the same speed, the company’s nationalization were proven, but the ring ratio was slightly reversed. The channel-level feedback, in July and August, was higher than the national heat-catalyzed rate during the same period last year.
In September, however, the climate was influenced by a variety of factors, with the typhoon affecting China’s east, and the cooling down of high temperatures. The sub-consumption scene was missing: temperatures in North China and elsewhere continued to decline, with a slight drop in sales.q4, short-term outlook, the company’s recent announcement that the end product was on the market in October was also significantly higher than it was in October.
Source feedback suggests that sales targets for the year have been slightly reduced, but the Division is still expected to increase by around 20% throughout the year. q3 end-of-year corporate contract liabilities of 499 million q4 Mār. The expected rise in the q4 ratio is still in demand.
The company’s 500-ml gold bottle continues to sink with 250-ml cans of gold for national promotion, helping the department to break out of 10 billion. The company’s main competitor’s trademark dispute with the Red Bull is reversed in q3.
The Wabing Red Bull is expected to continue its legitimate sales, but the current dispute between the two is continuing, and the company is expected to take advantage of the strategic opportunity to make 250 ml gold cans and gain a share of the Red Bull market. In the long run, the company has expanded its “energy plus” product matrix, and is currently stocking a large number of new items and is expected to expand further in the future.
Consumer groups, building a second-growth curve beyond the large monolithic drink of East Pate. New products are expanding less than expected, recurrent climate change in the epidemic inhibits recovery of consumption and food security.