The cooler displays and high-temperature weather boosters picked up faster than expected, the summer high-temperature-catalyzed harvests grew more robustly, and the cost of the raw materials improved slightly. Companies grew more robustly in July and August on the basis of unusually high-temperature demand alone.
The speed was higher than in the same period last year, but in September the regional performances were divided, with the typhoons affecting the regions of East and South China, causing the short-term loss of some of the consumer scenes to subside high temperatures, and the South China epidemic, which slightly affected the market, led to an increase in the rate of decline; North and South China, which continued the high temperature climate and kept the market steady. At the cost end, q3
In the short term, the effect of frozen displays on the revenue promotion has been validated and the cost-side negative effects have gradually subsided. q3 battalion harvests have increased at a higher rate than the previous year, except for the effects of continued high temperatures in the summer of 22 years.
In 22h1, the company pushed forward the colder drop, with 74,000 cumulatively released by the end of June, and the company's cold drinks, the ice-frozen thinking, furthered the summer cold-drinking sales. Looking q4, feedback from the terminal, the year-round sales target was slightly reduced, but the company is expected to continue to grow by around 20% throughout the year.
The cost side, accompanied by a fall in the price of the pet q4 is expected to increase the ring ratio. The cost side, accompanied by a drop in the end of the year, a slight fall in the sales rate, and an overall net interest rate of q4.
Soft-drink class, combined, is a high-speed, high-quality track. The company’s 500ml cans of gold continue to sink and 250ml cans to nationalize, helping the company break 10 billion. The company’s main competitor’s trademark dispute is reversed in q3, and the Wabing Bull is expected to continue to sell legally.
Sold red cow, but the current dispute between the two is continuing, and the company is expected to take advantage of the strategic opportunity of 250 ml cans and gain a share of the market for red cow. In the long run, the company has expanded its “energy plus” product matrix, and its reserves now include juice, tea, etc.
Drinks, sports beverages, among many new products, are expected to expand consumption further in the future, building a second-growth curve over and above the bulk of East Ponto's drinking. As companies are affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, climate impacts have increased at a slightly lower rate than expected, while q4 is expected to expand consumption.
Early regional cooling, the company's year-round harvest is expected to be lower than previously anticipated, and based on unanticipated expansion of pet prices, recurrent outbreaks of climate change inhibit consumption recovery and food security