Xiaoqiang (688256): Technology based, numeracy medium, fully benefiting from the wave. Xiaoqin is a leading enterprise in the field of intelligence chips in the country, capable of providing a complete series of smart chips and base development software package products with cloud edges, hardware and software synergies, combined with training reasoning and a unified life.
The company, in collaboration with server manufacturers and industry companies, provides a good measure for complex ai applications in areas such as the Internet, finance, transport, energy, electricity, and manufacturing. The company ' s products include cloud smart chips,
Chairman and Managing Director Chen Tianse has been engaged in chip research and development since graduate students, the world's first exploration exclusive, with 417 million shares in equity issues.
777. One of the few scientists of the RMB 77 ai chip. Since its inception, the company has been deep-rooted in the area of the special ai chip, with a large number of processor instructions and microstructure innovations, and RMB 101.00 for developers ' packages and developers ' ecology.
The company has grown into a core supplier of national intelligence chips, and the core team, the founding team of the company, is from the Chinese Institute of Computers, and the core research and development staff are mostly from well-known universities or scientific institutes.
Chen Tianse, Chairman and Director General, graduated from the Chinese Academy Institute of Computing and was one of the first researchers in the world to propose the concept of a single chip, and his papers were awarded the best thesis award at the top international academic conference, the best thesis award, and the results were cited many times by the Nvidia and Googletpu chip research and development teams.
Chairman Chen Tianshek, who holds a total of 35.97% of the shares directly or indirectly, is the actual controller of the company. The second largest shareholder is the Chinese comptoir of the Chinese Academy of Science, which provides a good background and industrial resources for the development of tyrannical discipline.
The company has benefited fully from the development of the ai chip through co-ordination of production studies. Most of the top 10 shareholders have invested in the industry.
The company's main products include cloud smart chips, speed cards, training the whole machine, edge smart chips, acceleration cards, and, finally, the latest product of cloud smart chip products is its 590 chip and associated card and whole machine, with a single card exceeding the British Weidaa 100 and a cluster computing close to the a100 level.
Smart acceleration card products such as mlu370-x8, x 4, s8, s4. Technology based, continuous investment in research and development to ensure that companies are advanced in their products.
Between 2021 and 2023, the company spent 1,136 million, 1,523 million, or 1,118 million on R & D, and was in the forefront of the company with a chip. At the same time, the company tied the core management through the equity incentive scheme, stimulating the entire staff to generate an artificial intelligence explosion, and the power chip demand well blow-out.
At the end of 2022, with the advent of chhatgpt, the world ushered in a generation of artificial intelligence. After that, openai was quick to replace models with large models such as gpt4 and gpt4o, each with a significantly improved performance compared to the previous generation.
By investing in anthroppic entry, the model performance and reasoning are excellent. Domestic firms have entered, and there are 100-model wars, China, 100-cent wars, science and technology flying, Begawa intelligence, and then Ali, bytes, and tether, and so forth, have published their own big models.
Generating artificial intelligence requires a great deal of arithmetic training, and the global demand for arithmetic chips is blowing up. North American cloud producers raise capital spending on a quarterly basis to more than $300 billion in 2024, about half of which is RMB 100 billion, and are expected to rise further to more than RMB 100 billion in 2025, the vast majority of which will be spent on the ai.
The capital spending of the three Bats was also around $100 billion in 2024, and it is expected that in 2025, three capital spending will increase substantially, driven mainly by the investment of the ai. Under the guidance of the scalinglaw, the leading company is constantly moving towards the ultimate goal of common artificial intelligence agi.
Moving forward, trying to achieve agi by stacking up arithmetical power. The drop-down model, represented by DeepSeekv3, accelerates the landing of applications, and the rapid rise in the demand for reasoning leads to a further increase in the demand for arithmetic.
In 2024, the company’s 590-dollar product was tested for extensive sampling at a large Internet company. According to public sources, single-card performance exceeded BVA 100, interconnected clusters could reach 80% of BWA 100, and some scenes could reach or even exceed A100. The next generation of products is expected to use a double-core structure similar to Blackwell, sex.
It's more than double the speed of Internet output, with short- and medium-term market space amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars, and the company's high-calculative products have been included since the release of the 2021 S.A. 370.
In the second half of the year, the products are expected to accelerate in 25 years. According to incomplete statistics, hundreds of thousands of ai services are available to Internet vendors, including bytes, Ali, and tweets.
The U.S. limits the flight of aid companies’ operations since the mid-American trade friction in 2018, and the US has been working on China’s high-tech, especially semi-conductor, industry, and the US has been working on the development of a technology-related technology-related technology-related technology-related technology-- technology-- technology-- technology-- technology-- technology-- technology--- technology--- technology--- technology--- technology---- technology--- technology--- technology----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In 2022, after the US government tightened supply of high-end computing chips to China’s government, Biden’s government was forced to take advantage of the semiconductor advanced process.
In the final phase of its administration, successive executive orders were issued to further limit China’s ability to acquire high-end chips. On January 13, 2025, the Biden government issued the Provisional Final Rules on the Proliferation of Artificial Intelligents, which were further tightened for export to countries other than its core circle of friends. On January 15, the Biden government signed again.
The government's executive order will prevent 14 nm or 16 nm or less from being produced by crystal-crystal-generation plants such as tiles, tristars, and so on from flowing into mainland China, while strengthening the scrutiny of final customers. The company’s latest computing chip is at a state-of-the-art level, and there is a shortage of high-calculation chips in the country.
At the same time, the company’s position as a core supplier is becoming stronger, and it is expected to achieve more favourable surrogate capacity at the plant’s end. First, Shanghai.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai First”) and is intended for general review by institutional investors only. No material, contents or copies of this report may be reproduced, excerpted, quoted, altered, transferred, transmitted or distributed in any way to any other person without prior written permission from Shanghai I. The data, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you for reference purposes only, not as an act or for distribution to you.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors.
The fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the period does not imply any explicit or implied statement or assurance. Neither Shanghai I nor its respective directors, supervisors, employees, employees or agents are liable for any loss resulting from the use of this report or its contents or any related loss.