Ningpo Bank incident: On 9 April, Ningpo Bank published its 2023 annual report (pre-discussed performance report), which achieved revenue collection, pre-arrangement profits, parent net profit of 615.9, 369.8 and 25.540 million, respectively, for the year.
On 19th, it became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
The strategy is to target clients to provide diversified financial services, to create a lower profit growth ring, and to continue to narrow interest differentials, to create “corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets”.
The year-round profit break-ups show an increase in size, asset management, investment banks, asset hosting, annual profit growth of 10.7%, and a decrease of 1.9 pct.
Shortening interest differentials, declining interest rates, and spending on expenses are the main negative factors. The decline in profit-growth loops in the quarterly round comparison is mainly due to the continued narrowing of interest differentials and the provision of counterfeeding.
▪ Increase in size, higher yield assets, 29.6 per cent year-on-year increase in loans, and remain relatively high in the competitive environment of consumer-type loan promotions, with total equity/currenta shares (million shares)
The overall asset structure has been optimized and the credit ratio has been optimized. Looking forward, with companies either maintaining a strategy of high-scale growth and structural optimization in the context of lower interest rates, net interest income is expected to grow steadily.
Investment returns support a positive rate of non-interest growth and, on the other hand, are influenced by capital market fluctuations, agent-type operations are down, wealth-based operations are concerned about the increase in the loan ratio, the decline in the provision ratio, and asset quality is better maintained
+1 bp. The write-off negative net generation rate is 0.96%, which is almost the same as in the previous year. The breakdown is low, with lower risk. The credit deficit rate is 1.5%, an increase of 11 bp the same year, and we judge that, at the speed of the gold removal industry, the client base sinkes or causes bad retail end-generation fluctuations.
On the other hand, there are sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East associated with retail under-retail production.
The company is expected to maintain a steady growth in net interest income, either by maintaining a high size and structural optimization strategy. The pressure on retail retail retail production has increased slightly, but the corporate wind has continued to be cautious, and the forecast for bad versus the target is better on the market. We expect that the increase in net profit will be positive for the mother in 2024-2026, respectively.
We continue to look forward to high corporate growth: first, Ningpo Bank is expected to continue to benefit from regional economic development by plowing into the long triangle. Second, corporate institutional mechanisms are highly marketed, strategically implemented, and high-quality expansion is well-established. Historical data show that companies have long-term forward-looking price options.
Third, large retail and light capital strategies are advancing steadily, diversified profit centres are becoming stronger, and the negative impact of cyclical fluctuations on profitability diminishes.
Figure 2: Ningbo Bank 4q23, net profit per year + 9.7 per cent, + 5.1 per cent, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank 1-3q23, year-round split of performance 2023, Figure 4: Ningpo Bank late 23 loans, deposit per year + 19.8 per cent, +20.8 per cent
Figure 5: Ningbo Bank net interest difference of 1.88 per cent, down 1 bp from 3q23.
Figure 7: Ningbo Bank 's coverage ring dropped by 19.5 pct in late 2023, from the source of the financial boom in the East to the source of the financial boom in the East.
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): Larger size, smooth profit - 2023 Annual Report Review
University of Cambridge, England, Master of Finance and Economics.
East Hing Securities Co. (002142.sz): High scale, smooth profit - 2023.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends. In cases where the law permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.