Ningbo Bank (002142): The reasons for the strong growth in public loans reported: Performance rating: Ningbo Bank published its report for the first quarter of 2024. q1 companies achieved business income of $17.509 billion (+5.78%, yoy).
The net profit attributable to the general shareholders of the parent company is 7.013 billion yuan (+62.9 per cent, yoy).q1 end of year, the total assets of the company were 28.9 million (-29.41 pct, qoq).q1 Ningbo bank net interest difference was 1.90 per cent, a decrease of 10 bp compared to the previous year.The scale was maintained more strongly, with the new loan structure reflecting the division of demand.q1 end of year, the total assets of the company grew by 14.35 per cent to 14.35 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright with 27.31%. On the margins, benefiting from good regional economic needs and its own active investment strategy, the growth in the size of public loans and bills has accelerated, q1 with an additional $871 billion in public loans, $41.9 billion more and $8.5 billion more in paper discounts.
The growth in the size of individual loans has slowed somewhat, as a result of the slowdown in residential housing and consumption demand, with an additional $13,743 million in q1 individual loans, an increase of $4.2 billion (as shown in figure 1). trillion dollars (as shown in figure 2), as compared to the strong growth momentum at the loan end, has slowed the growth rate by about 6 pct over 2023q4.
Related to this, in 2023, the q3 conglomerate was significantly more than eased, with deposits returning to the hub in the last two quarters at a rate of increase. - Interest differentials were reduced by a narrow margin, pressure on the end of the liability was reduced, and the asset end reflected the impact of heavy pricing. q1 Ningbo bank net interest differences were raised by a single season of 5 bp and recovered by two consecutive quarters. The Ningpo bank net difference pressure was reduced or mainly due to the end of the liability, with q1 being measured.
The average cost of the liability was 2.11 per cent and the ring decreased by 8bp, either as a result of a partner ' s liability and bond issue rate benefiting from Bank Ningpo (002142): the upward pressure on the cost of the collection and credit deposit slowed. At the end of the asset, the average return on the q1 income-bearing asset was 4.11 per cent, compared to q4 in 2023.
The decrease of 6bp is attributable, on the one hand, to the low rate of return on the above-mentioned new loan structure (in relation to individual loans) on the other hand, to the public Bank Ningbo (002142): the increase in the rate of growth in the volume of loans as a proportion of total loans, which tends to lower the overall rate of return; and, on the other hand, to the impact of the repricing of loans.
The q2 drop in interest rates is matched by a reduction in our repricing calculations by an Ipr downscale, or it means that the additional reduction in the interest rate on new loans from Ningpo Bank relative to Ipr is less pronounced than previously expected.
"Ningpo Bank (002142): Stockholders Increase Confidence One Company Review" \triangleright
The advantages of investment transactions are again reflected in the fact that middle-account earnings are still under pressure from the market.q1, corporate returns on investment + fair prices, transactional financial assets are down by 11.75 per cent on a year-on-year basis, investment returns are growing faster or are largely due to better market exposure of companies to the same debt, and transactional financial asset holdings and other instruments of debt disposal are performing better.q1,
The company’s net revenue from fees and commissions was 1,436 million yuan, a decline of 21.49% from the previous year, continuing the downward trend, which is expected mainly to result from a decline in income from wealth management operations affected by capital market fluctuations. The company’s assets remain of excellent quality, benefiting from the economic base and wind control capabilities of the region.
The rate remains very low at 0.76%. The ratio of interest-type loans has fluctuated slightly, in line with industry trends: the ratio of interest-type loans at the end of q1 has fallen slightly. This pattern is consistent with industry trends, where listed banks generally reduce the benefits by controlling staff costs and management costs. As a result, the ratio of cost-earnings q1 has fallen to 31.53%, the lowest level in a single quarter of recent years.
In the case of bad disposal, the company has increased its write-offs, amounting to $3,181 million, significantly higher than in the same period in recent years, reflecting the continuity of the company’s prudent policy on the disposal of non-performing loans. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: q1 company size increases, interest differential pressures, and investment returns are better than expected, and we have a corresponding small margin.
At the corporate level, the Ningpo Bank region has a strong economic advantage, a high level of professional competence, and a relatively low public-sector valuation. On the basis of the above, the firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Figure 12024q1 Ningbo Bank loan and bill discounts have increased significantly, while individual loans have increased less, in hundreds of millions of yuan: 22,024q1 Ningbo bank deposits have continued to rise and in billions of yuan: 32024q1shibor average interest rate has fallen over 2023q4
Figure 4 shows a low rate of poor bank practice and a slight increase in the rate of concern. Appendix: Forecasts of the three major statements, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of findings and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.