Ningpo Bank (002142): Revenue and Credit Cost Exhibition Report Reasons for Report: Performance Review Events: Ningpo Bank issues its 2023 Annual Report, operating data consistent with previous performance reports.
Business income of $61,585 million (+6.40%, yoy) and net return to the mother of $25,535 million (+10.66%, yoy). Core view: In the previous summary, we had a quick review of the growth of Bank Ningpo q4 in size and the potential growth of q4 and middle business income, asset quality, etc.
In 2023, q4, companies achieved business income of $14,350 million (+9.65%, yoy), a marked improvement over the fall in the q3 ratio. The main reason is that the return on investment benefits from the good performance of the bond market.
Rapid growth under the low base, with q4 realizing investment returns plus fair value change gains and losses of 2,692 million yuan (vs.66 million yuan, 2022q4). In addition, there was an improvement in net interest margins, with q4 achieving net interest income of $10,698 million, an increase of 4.09 per cent compared to 4.09 per cent, an increase of 3.17 percentage points compared to q3, mainly due to the easing of interest differential pressures and the measurement of q4 single-season interest differentials.
1.85 per cent (annual) and 3bp higher than q3 to reflect good asset-liability dynamic management capabilities of the company. Bank Ningbo (002142): Professional operations 19bp, consistent with industry trends. In the second half of 2023, the banking sector, as a result of the positive market supply side, used loans and personal operations
At the end of 2023, Ningpo bank fixed-term deposits accounted for “Ningpo Bank” (002142): the rate of growth in the growth rate is higher. At the end of the debt, Ningpo bank deposits are subject to periodicization.
The cost of financial bonds rose slightly from 4bp to 2.60% in the first half of the year. Capital market volatility discouraged wealth management operations, and net revenue from fees and commissions fell in the second half of the year.
Bank Ningbo (002142): low-base collection elasticity period, with either a high or a large off-the-shelf capacity, has been reduced by capital market fluctuations; hosting operations have also been negatively affected by the market, with revenue of $203 million.
The main subsidiaries are doing well. The win-win rents are actively expanding micro-leases, data operations, the accumulation of comparative advantages, the steady rise in brand visibility and market influence, new energy sources, smart equipment, smart manufacturing, and utilities, and they perform well.
Rich consumption scenes, wire-to-line linkages, and good business growth. The size of silver and silver finance and win-win fund profits decreased in 2022 compared to 2022. In 2023, win-win rents, win-win money, win-win money and win-win funds were netted, benefiting from a superior regional economic base and wind control, and the quality of corporate assets remained excellent. At the end of 2023, bank bad loans from Ningbo were made.
The rate remains extremely low at 0.76%. By branch, there are no significant fluctuations in the rate of poor performance in the various sectors, and the concentration of non-performing lenders in the manufacturing, wholesale and retail sectors is 651 million yuan and 531 million yuan, respectively, for the entire industry, with an adverse rate of 1.5 per cent, a slight increase of 2 bp from the end of June, which should be in the category of operating loans and dissipation under macroeconomic influences.
In 2023, q4, corporate operating expenditure increased by $7,422 million, or 0.07 per cent, at a lower level in the single quarter of recent years. Ningpo Bank's generous provision and excellent asset quality gave credit cost elasticity.
This flexibility has been demonstrated continuously in q2-q3 and continued in q4. Specifically, q4 credit cost elasticity comes from the loan end (which was already anticipated in the previous review), q4 from the loss of $1.642 billion in impairment of loans and $1,185 million less than q3. On the other hand, q4 claims are invested in other claims totalling $691 million, and q3 from 9.44 million less.
In spite of the decline in the credit impairment rate, the write-off rate (q4 non-performing loan write-offs amounting to $2.815 billion, or $844 million more than q3) reflects the continuity of the company’s policy of prudent and ill-advised treatment. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: at this stage, interest rates on bank loans have not yet been visibly stable, and industry interest differentials remain high.
Against this background, there may be further downward pressure on the return on loans of high-yielding groups at the retail end of the company. We adjust the profit forecast accordingly, and risk mitigation in priority areas such as real estate is sustained, macroeconomics are at the bottom, savings are lower, and banks are expected to ease their pressure. At the firm level, Ningpo Bank’s region has clear economic advantages, high professional capacity, and current companies.
The relative valuation is low. On the basis of the above, the firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.Systems, using legal compliance data, carefully draw conclusions, and present the present report independently and objectively. There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.