Ningbo Bank (002142.sz): Increase in loan deposits Ningbo Bank incident: First quarter report released by Ningpo Bank in 2024: Company revenue of 1.51 billion yuan, year-on-year
5.8% of the net profit of the mother is 7.01 billion yuan, an increase of 6.3% over the previous year. 1 q24 was 15.51% of the year, becoming the country's first urban commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 19th.
As a result of the principle of access, the “door-to-door” business strategy is maintained, with the objective of diversifying the client's financial services, the core harvest is growing faster than the industry, benefiting from higher net interest income at a flat price. 1q24th Battalion
“Commercial banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, revenue growth of 5.8 per cent are still better than industry, especially core revenue (net interest income + net fee income)
A diversified business growth model and a good brand image have emerged. The growth of profitability has slowed, and the decline in revenue and tax effects are the main causes of marginal changes.
The negative impact of the spread of interest differentials has increased and the ring has improved; the negative impact has widened, judging the impact of a decline in net fees and revenues due to a decline in capital market-related operations, mainly in the receiving of money, marketing, etc.; and the tax impact is consistent with seasonal patterns: cost control and the provision of countervailing microscopic positive contributions.
The rate continues to decline, but the cost of the end-of-the-life debt rate has declined from 23 years to the next season. We measure or low-cost deposits have grown better. The data show that q1 enterprise deposits have increased by 19.38 billion, or 16.8 per cent, compared to the end of the year, or have been associated with the investment of a loan to accelerate the formation of an enterprise's settlement deposit.
The growth of loans in public retail loans is not weak. Corporate loans are 8.7 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, the same quarter of which is a seasonal pattern dominated by public investment. Loans are still strong, with 27.3 per cent more than in the same year.
The increase in credit ratios helps to slow down asset end-of-end yields. At the end of the debt, deposits are growing well, or mainly as a result of stronger deposit marketing controls and stronger customer stickyness.
It's related to, or mainly to, an upswing in retail lending. Taken together, the quality of the company's assets and the level of its provision are slightly down, and we believe that retail lending risks are still within the normal range, and that the source of financial prosperity in the East is still growing.
Investment recommendations: Companies report a slower rate of profit growth in the quarter, but a better rate of growth in core revenues. Among these, net interest differentials show signs of a steady trend, stemming from higher credit ratios at the end of the asset, higher debt-end deposits and better structure of deposits. Corporate asset quality and provision fell slightly from previous levels of excellence, mainly in retail.
In view of the company, we continue to appreciate its high growth: first, the Ningbo Bank is plowing into the long triangle and is expected to continue to benefit from regional economic development. Second, the corporate institutional mechanisms are highly marketed, strategically implemented, industry is strong.
Historical data show that companies have sustained forward-looking price-fixing, prudential wind control, and business diversification. Third, large retail and light capital strategies, year pb, maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Ningpo Bank 1q24, net profit per year + 5.8%, + 6.3%: Ningpo Bank single-quarter, net profit per year
Figure 3: Comparison of the performance of Bank Ningbo by 2023, 1q24, Figure 4: Loans by end of the quarter, deposits by year + 24.2 per cent, +14.8 per cent Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
Figure 6: Non-performing loan ratio of Bank Ningbo at the end of the quarter at a flat level of 0.76 per cent, and Figure 7: Reduction of Ningpo Bank at the end of the quarter in the provision coverage ring by 29.5 pct to the source of financial prosperity in the East
Bank of Ningpo (002142.sz): Loans are growing faster, net interest-rate-rate-rate-rate-rate-rate-rating in the first quarter of 2024.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual boom in the East is reported by the East Hing Securities Corporation.
Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): Loans in deposit grew faster and the net interest gap ring rose slightly - a report evaluation in the first quarter of 2024 did not guarantee that there would be no change in the information and recommendations contained. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and the investors make any changes on that basis.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
It may also provide or seek to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.