Events: 9 April, Ningpo Bank disclosed 2023: net profit return year-on-year +10.66 per cent (formerly Ningpo Bank (002142)
In 2023, the Ningbo bank increased the same year, with a slight slowdown in profit growth.
This is largely due to the rapid expansion of size and the provision of anti-breeding, while the cost of netting differentials, median receipts, and costs are largely delayed. Profit growth has slowed at a marginal rate, mainly as a result of increased spending and reduced contribution to the provision, and has been invested in Xiaohui Zhang.
In 2023, the Ningpo Bank net interest gap was 1.88%, a decrease of 5bp from the first half, a slight decrease of 1bp from the previous three quarters, and a gradual easing of the second half.
The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities are compared to the first half of the year - 1 bp and +6 bp, respectively, which are the main reasons for falling interest differentials.
The interest rate - 5bp, for which the company has invested in optimizing the asset structure, has raised the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets, and the credit has been placed in favour of individual loans dominated by consumer loans; both the interest rate on deposits at the end of the debt and the rate of cost of active liabilities have increased over the same period, and the trend towards the periodicization of deposits has continued.
The rate was lower than at the end of q2 - 3.26 ptt, where the public deposit rate and the personal deposit rate were equalized and the provision coverage decreased slightly. At the end of 2023, the rate was 0.76 per cent for Ningbo banks and the end q3 ring was equal; the ratio of loan of concern was 0.65 per cent and the ring ratio was +10bp, but it was flat.
See, despite a small increase in the rate of poor lending, companies have increased the write-off and disposal of non-performing loans, maintaining a robust overall asset quality and maintaining a strong core indicator advantage.
The net difference has been reduced by a narrow margin, asset quality indicators have been strong, faster expansion has led to some consumption of capital, company core level capital has been sufficient at the end of 2023, net income differentials have risen against the market, aum has increased.
Profit forecasting: Ningpo Bank deep-deeps in high-quality areas, steadily implementing “Big Banks Bad, Small Banks \triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. \
The business strategy of continuing to deepen the construction of multi-profit centres, improving the profit structure, and successful risk management of cindasecuritiesco. ltd. We expect the harvest to be 2024-2026 pb on April 9th.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, not 0.70, 0.61, 0.54.
Figure 6: Negative rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Growth in scale and rate of increase
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a course of study at the Royal College of Honour and Financial Science.
It covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.