April 11th, 2024.
In 2023, the firm continued to increase its credit size and its net interest income, while the cost of the liabilities remained rigid: 2023, public.
The decrease of 14bp is mainly influenced by multiple factors, such as lower market interest rates, lpr repricing, stock mortgage swaps and the periodicization of deposits, with interest-bearing asset yields falling by 9bp on a year-on-year basis and interest-paying liabilities at 10bp higher.
Loan returns have fallen by 21bp. At the end of the debt, the periodicization of resident deposits has increased, cost rigidity of non-interest income contributions has been maintained better and investment returns have improved: in 2023, companies achieved non-interest contributions that were better in the industry and benefited mainly from the layout of multiple profit centres.
The net income from renewals and commissions of $5.767 billion fell by 22.76 per cent in the same year, mainly $5.747 billion from capital markets, a decline of 18.32 per cent in the same year. The improvement in investment returns has led to the maintenance of stability in the quality of other non-associated assets, with poor rates and provisions continuing to lead the industry: the quality of assets remained stable.
At 461.04%, asset quality and resilience to risks remain at the same level of corporate leadership, with companies investing in: firm farming in the developed areas of the long-triangular economy, strong position, strong micro-business competition, and a focus on large retail and light capital business expansion, multi-profit centres, profitability.
In addition, corporate wind control systems are mature and assets are of excellent quality.
We look forward to the future of the company and, in the context of its fundamentals and equity elasticity, we are committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.