Events: Companies issued their first quarter report in 2025, yielding a revenue of $3.09 billion for 2025q1, with changes in accounting standards for high performance growth compared to \triangleright affecting the performance of Māori and cost ratios at the same time. 1) End of income:
\triangleright sub-project adjusted from sales costs to operating costs; 3) cost end, sales/management/research and development/financial cost rate ring increases for 2025q1 are evident from the change in accounting standards reported in 2024.
It contributes to the company’s performance elasticity for the core series of suppliers. Questioning the world’s 9-year-old flagship, class suv, as Tier 1, for which the front-and-back lights, developed by the company’s autonomous multipixel adb system in conjunction with the millions of dlp modules developed jointly by China, can be controlled in parallel.
According to China's commercial city data, the value of the m9ultra version of the dlp lamp amounts to 30,000 yuan. It is worth more than half a million Chinese market champions for 15 months' cumulative sales of luxury cars, and 2025 calls for 40,000 cars of the m9 type for 27 days on the market.
Starwoo shares (601799.sh) series II: Downstream, April 2025, the lead generation's intelligent lighting system was officially launched, and the client's strong product structure was continuously upgraded from being a brain with a strong product structure up to 2024/10/00.
The light controllers are designed and developed by the company as executor and executor.
In 2024, the company’s overseas market became \triangleright.
In Serbia, the plant reached the postnatal stage, with a forecast: 2023h1 performance exceeding expectations, and new energy clients are expected to produce 6 million annual vehicle lamps. The company was also established in Mexico and the United States.
5. In-depth report on the stockholdings in Asteroids (601799.sh). Product promotion companies are expected to gradually open up the North American market by further refining their overseas layout.
Investment proposals: high-quality lanes for headlights, joint brand supply chain plus autonomous brand supply chain. \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.