q1 Reverse confirmed, 17 years of high growth determined Thai medicine (300347) □ performance in 2016 met expectations and Māori rate recovered significantly in 2017q1
The income increased by 16.14 per cent in the same year, after deducting the combined effects of dreamcis and northern medical ingenuity. Self-checking of the bed test in 2016 affected the progress of the clinical trial technical services, resulting in increased costs; and Korea ' s dreamcis is still at a price-for-value stage, with less-than-expected business integration and loss.
At the same time, in 2016, the newly signed clinical trial contract generally took longer service, and the price increases for clinical trial technical services were temporarily not reflected. The company’s order increased from q4 in 2016, and the net return on q4 was recognized as an investment return factor (with a deduction of non-net profit of $5.913.7 million), but the income ring ratio increased.
Long (+14.56%), mainly an increase in the number of clinical projects at the q4 level of access. 2017q1 □ increased performance certainty in hand orders, and Be operations increased performance.
The negative effects of clinical self-censorship verification are being phased out, and the list will be increased as the consistency evaluation moves forward. Korea’s dreamcis is also working to reduce costs by increasing contract pricing.
• Increasing the Māori rate and reducing losses.
The company will release 30 million shares in private, and the funds raised will be used to evaluate the appliance of Jérón Tétonte: the launch of the stock-holding plan, which will show a 10,000 yuan mark, and Jétété is expected to add to the company's performance in the second half of the year.
Three-quarterly review: Performance recognition lows, which will be restored next year □ average employee share prices constitute a security margin □ as of April 7, the first employee share plan has accumulated corporate shares through the secondary market
In-depth report: Consistency Evaluation Helpers returned to a high of 8.7683 million shares (1.85 per cent of total stockholdings), accounting for about $300 million in total employee holding plans.
Emission and consistency evaluations will benefit the industry directly, and companies as champions will benefit directly from market expansion and industry integration and return to high growth. Consider the increased acquisition of Jetun Teri, the lack of coherence evaluation policy, and the expected pace of the project; and the risks of business integration.
This is defined as follows: No rating - it is impossible to obtain the necessary information, or the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is impossible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.