Increased issuance, significant improvement in performance in the quarter, and a return to high growth in 17 years for the Tiger Medicine (300347).
□ Upon approval, Tetun Teri's acquisition will land, and the company will release 30 million shares in private, and the funds raised will be used to finance the equipment kernel kernel, which is expected to add up directly to the company's performance in the second half of the year.
□ Performance shows signs of recovery in the first quarter of 2017, confirmed by a reversal in performance The company expects to return net profit of $4020.96-442306 million to the mother in the first quarter of 2017, eliminating the negative effects of the same-year growth policy and driving performance growth by internal + extraneous factors
The negative effects of clinical self-censorship verification are gradually being eliminated, and the implementation of the clinical batch release and consistency evaluation resulting from the pharmacological reform will directly increase the be-project orders; at the same time, non-regulatory operations, such as data analysis, that are not influenced by political policies, will continue to grow significantly.
As at 7 April, the first employee holding plan had accumulated corporate shares through the secondary market.
8.7683 million shares (1.85 per cent of the company's total equity), representing about $300 million in employee holding plans.
The stocking and consistency evaluation will benefit the industry directly, and the company will benefit directly from being the leader, and it is expected to return to high growth, buy in 17 years.
The Unit plans to start up, show confidence in development, buy in, Vi Teg medicine (300347) depth report: Consistency Evaluation Helper back to high growth, buy in, for the first time.
No rating, because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.