On August 22, the Chinese aircraft released its semi-annual financial report for 2017, which was achieved by the company during the reporting period.
Operating income of $10.75 billion, an increase of 13.99 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net shareholdings of listed companies; the steady growth in civilian air fleet production; and the company's main business as the sole producer of large national aircraft, with military aircraft products consisting mainly of military transport aircraft.
With the start of the delivery cycle for our new generation of large-scale military transport aircraft - 20, the demand for medium-sized transport aircraft - 8 and 9 - has stabilized, and the company ' s military aircraft production operations continue to grow steadily, especially as progress in delivery of the shipment - 20 project will be the main focus of the company ' s performance.
With regard to civilian aircraft, the company is the supplier of key components of a large national passenger aircraft, c919 and a branch passenger aircraft, arj21. On 5 May 2017, c919 was successfully first flown and on 26 July, the second flight tester started a functional inspection test on board, which is expected to take place in four quarters. Project 0919 was successful.
Advances will guarantee the company ' s entry into a high-speed development period. Arj21 has been operating successfully on the Chengdu commercial route for one year, and on 9 July he obtained a production permit issued by the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority, officially entering the bulk production phase, and is expected to deliver the first batch before the end of the year.
The year-round performance growth is worth looking forward to future development planning, the company’s future development planning is clear and its current productive tasks are full. Given that most of the company’s performance will be confirmed in the fourth quarter, the year-round performance growth is expected.
The research and development of new bombers has also been steadily advancing, becoming a potential new growth point. With regard to civilian aircraft, Chinese commercial flights have established a joint venture division with the Russian Joint Aviation Manufacturing Group to jointly develop a new generation of long-range wide-body aircraftc929, and companies will benefit from the project.
In the context of the company's full production tasks, the new type of aircraft is entering bulk production, and it is expected that substantial deliveries will be made in 2017, in the context of the city's gateb, 5th floor, where I have the qualification or considerable professional competence of consulting on portfolio investment granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in an independent and objective manner and with a diligent and professional attitude.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.