On October 27th, 2020, the performance of the North Chinese company, the semiconductor, was expected to hit a double-crossing point.
On October 27, the three-quarterly report revealed that the company had achieved a cumulative operating income of $3.836 billion, a trend that continued to grow over purchase orders.
According to data from China's International Tender Network, equipment such as corporate etching, stove tubes, etc., has received a large number of orders from crystal-crystal manufacturing companies such as the Yangtze Reserve, Hua Liwa, and Jaguar in three quarters, and the total amount of national production equipment purchased in the front of the integrated circuits has reached an all-time high, with an accelerated trend of national production determined.
Semiconductor equipment is to be recovered as a priority indicator for industry, and orders are to be kept high and performance improvement is to be sustained.
Millions of dollars. Technological breakthroughs in integrated circuits, high demand for equipment in downstream photovoltaics, lithium batteries, power semiconductor areas, will result in a full-scale increase in the number of beneficiary industries in the company's business.
As domestic head-crystal manufacturers increase their recognition of home-grown equipment, they will drive the industry to purchase it, and the equipment industry will continue to be eco-optimized, and the performance of leading companies will continue to improve.
Semiconductor equipment enterprises are at a technological + profit two-way corner: 1) from the initial core technology “0-1” breakthrough to subsequent “1-n” improvements, optimised turn; 2) from the early crystal manufacturers to the risk-free conduct of the country, Wang Shu Xuan
Production-related equipment imports and, to date, active cooperation with equipment companies have continued to improve their performance. Product R&D has not progressed as expected; semiconductor capacity expansion has not expanded as expected; equipment domestication is not as high as expected: the risk of Chinese-American frictions impacting supply chains.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.