Centre for Research on Innovative Technologies and Business Services
Three seasons of increased growth, orders trending better. 1. The semiconductor industry is recovering, the equipment leader North is issuing a three-quarterly report, generating revenue of $3.836 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, a year-on-year increase.
40.16 per cent of the net return to the mother, which increased by 48.86 per cent from the previous year, and $175 million from the net profit to the non-return to the mother, which increased by 56.90 per cent from the first quarter of 2020, which achieved operating income of $1.659 billion from the third quarter of 2020, which increased by 53.29 per cent from the same period, and $143 million from the net return to the mother, which increased by 56.90 per cent from the same year.
The three quarters saw a marked acceleration in income growth, with a slight decline in the Māori rate and a fall in the cost rate over the period. q3 quarter growth relative to q1 (32%) and q2 (31%) increased significantly. q3 net profit return of 140 million was included in the government subsidy of $80 million, and company q3 net profit of the same year after the elimination of the government subsidy.
Plus 59%. q3 quarter Māori rate of 34% and ring ratio of 2.5 pct down by q2 by 5.9 pct from year to year, the expected decline in Māori rate is due mainly to the lower but higher ratio of Māori for photovoltaic equipment. The trend in purchase orders has been positive, with a gradual increase in the market share of all types of equipment. By the end of the third quarter, contractual liabilities amounted to q3 q3.
The upturn in applications such as integrated circuits, photovoltaics, semiconductors of compounds, and the expansion of domestic semiconductor manufacturing production are well under way; the U.S. has expanded the scope of its technical export restrictions, with semiconductor equipment taking the lead, so domestic semiconductor manufacturers have increased their support for domestically produced equipment, which is tested at the production line.
The ratio of certified process and imported volume production is gradually increasing, and the market share of corporate silicon base etchings, pvd, heat treatment equipment is increasing year by year. The top of the high end semiconductor equipment project, with a significant transformation of research and development results.
The main structure of the R & D and industrialization project (phase III) was capped on 29 September 2020; the third phase of the project was mainly for research and development of front-line technical equipment and collaborative development of core parts and components, facilitating the upgrading of the company's technical capabilities, the continuous promotion of new product development and market development for semiconductor equipment, and the enhancement of the market
Long-term competitiveness of companies. As of 2020q3, the carrying value of corporate intangible assets was 1.797 billion yuan, an increase of 435 million yuan over the 1.362 billion yuan at the end of q2.
Orders were confirmed to be less than expected, downstream expansion and productivity uphill, and industry competition intensified. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market was then calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment