q3 Performance meets expectations, with higher advance payments supporting future performance
▪ Performance meets expectations, and calls for bids to speed up the demand for equipment in the crystal mills have generated revenues of 1.66 billion yuan in three quarters alone, i.e. +53.3 per cent in the same year and 140 million yuan in the mother's net profit, i.e. +56.9 per cent in the same year, including government subsidies of 80 million yuan, after removing the impact of government subsidies.
Company q3 net profit on the same basis +59%. The company’s performance continued to grow at a high rate in the third quarter, mainly due to the continuous volume of semiconductor equipment such as carving machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, cleaning machines, etc.
The certification of new products led to a significant decline in the Māori rate, net interest rates remained stable, production lines were validated, and different product structures influenced the overall Māori rate.
The overall Māori ratio for semiconductor equipment is estimated at 25-30 per cent, 30-40 per cent, and more than 50 per cent of the industry, respectively.
The net interest rate for 2020q1-q3 was 10.1 per cent and +0.5 pct, of which the net interest rate for the q3 season was well controlled; the sales cost rate was 5.3 per cent, corresponding to -0.4 pc; the financial cost rate was 0.05 per cent; the net cash flow from operations in the previous three quarters was 170 million yuan, compared to 960 million yuan and one half of the same period last year.
The increase in corporate contract liabilities in the last three quarters indicates that the number of orders that the company is implementing is increasing, and we expect that the follow-up receipt of purchase orders and confirmation of receipts will set the stage for a positive growth in corporate performance in the future.
Since the beginning of the year, North China has received three orders for silicon etching, one pvd and two decomposing equipment at the Chinese rainbow system; two etchings, four oxidation equipment and one decomposition equipment at the tower semiconductor;
Advance receipts increased significantly, benefiting from three silicon etchings, three pvds, two stove tubes and four de-fired equipment orders that were stored in the Yangtze River.
In 2020, multiple production lines began to co-locate the cost of the ic equipment. The Yangtze River storage, the Chinese rainbow system, the Mandarin Tower,2 and the North China 2 (002371): the procurement cycle of the national production equipment was initiated by various production lines, such as the Performance Carrier, the Fertilizer Pulse, and the China Cube International, and each of them started the procurement cycle of the national production equipment.
As expected, the production-line pull effect in the semiconductor equipment countries is not expected to be weaker than the 2019 storage level of the Yangtze River. We believe that the North China Creation Opportunity 2020-04-26
As a leader in domestic ic equipment, it is hoped to break through the profit point and move into a long-term new phase. Buying, multiplying, and maintaining an “uptake” rating of North Wide Technology-related radio frequency-related assets.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, it has the status of the Secretary of Securities Investment.