Q3 Q3 performance in the north is faster than expected, with the semiconductor equipment market rising.
40.16 per cent of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $327 million, an increase of 48.86 per cent over the same period. Performance growth was higher than expected and income growth in the three quarters increased significantly.
Realising revenues of 1.659 billion yuan, an increase of 53 per cent in the same year, net profits of 143 million yuan, an increase of 57 per cent in the same year, deducting non-net profits of 76 million yuan, an increase of 63 per cent in the same year, and a marked increase in revenue in the first quarter (32 per cent) and the second quarter (31 per cent).
The Māori rate declined slightly, with a significant increase in stocks. The third quarter Māori rate was 34 per cent, lower than the second quarter, but the impact of the rapid growth in income from light-voltage equipment. The stock at the end of the third quarter was $4.7 billion, an increase of $250 million compared to the end of the second quarter, an increase of $1.05 billion compared to the beginning of the first quarter and a single-quarter operation.
Net cash flows from activities of $385 million are mainly the result of the continued increase in the purchase of raw materials or spare parts in the single quarter.The overall trend in orders has been positive, with a gradual increase in the share of all types of equipment in the market.
According to the Chinese International Tender Network, the number of purchase orders from Yangtze storage in the north was 13, 31 and 50 orders from 2018 to 2020, and the number of orders continued to rise in an explosive fashion, with companies silicon-based ethos, pvd, and pvd.
The market share of thermal treatment equipment has been rising year by year, and the platform semiconductor model of equipment has been shown initially.The placement of electrical process equipment orders and strategic collaboration with the indigenous crystallization plant have also been shown, and integrated electricity has not been as fast as expected; spare parts have not been supplied in a timely manner.”
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations Mechanical equipment: semiconductor-specific equipment