Growth in IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment at three-quarter speeds, continued high contractual liabilities and stock events: company reports for the third quarter of 2020, yielding revenue of $3.836 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
China-Crystal International Capital Uplifting Program, semiconductor equipment continues to be high. According to China-Chu International, its capital expenditure was $2,033 million in 2019, capital expenditure was raised from $1.1 billion to $4.3 billion in this year's quarterly report, and capital expenditure on the plan was raised again.
To $6.7 billion, the demand for cameras, power management, fingerprint identification, etc. is strong, while advanced process research and development is progressing well, capital spending will be directed mainly to the expansion of the production capacity of machines and equipment. The company’s semiconductor equipment development and market openings are well under way.
By the end of the third quarter, the company’s contractual liability stood at $2,348 million. By the end of the third quarter, the inventory stood at $4,686 million, and the ring ratio continued to rise, predicting a sustained increase in revenue.
The Māori rate has fallen, and the rate has decreased over the period, and the efficiency of the operation has improved.q3 quarter Māori rate for companies is due to the fact that they are ready for customer certification.q3 quarter sales, management, R & D, and financial rates split.
With the same increase of 0.2 pct, business efficiency is expected to increase in the future as the volume of income increases.
The q3 Income Profit (002371), which accelerates growth, has a 2019 equity incentive program that maintains the "buy-in" rating.
Three-quarter growth rates, continuing high levels of contract liabilities and stock research in industry, are good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, with representatives like Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.