At the speed of growth, the advantage of platforming gradually emerges from a net profit of 175 million yuan, yoy+142.90 per cent that is not attributable to the mother. q3 quarter, the company achieved revenues of 1,659 million yuan, yoy+53.29 per cent, the net profit of the mother of 143 million, yoy+56.90 per cent, deductions.
During the reporting period, corporate collections and profits grew faster, with faster performance in the first quarter of q3 reflecting good corporate development. We believe that faster corporate growth benefits from multi-product lines, and the platform layout of multi-practice areas.
The company, as the lead company in the domestic semiconductor equipment industry, not only covers a number of major types of equipment such as etching, pvd, cvd, ald, furnaces, cleaning in the area of manufacture of c, but also has extensive layouts in such broad semiconductors as semiconductor lighting, photovoltaic solar energy, and tablet displays.
The global semiconductor manufacturing capacity shifts its focus, with broad semiconductor areas such as photovoltaic, lighting, display, etc. all warming to varying degrees, and companies reaping industrial dividends based on their superior technological capabilities. During the reporting period, the Public Administration achieved a Māori sales rate of 35.17 per cent, a 6.88 pcc decrease compared to the same period; it is mainly a product structure of the company.
The company achieved a net sales interest rate of 10.12%, an increase of 0.5 pct over the same period. The cost rate for the previous three quarters of the company was 26.49%, a decrease of 8.18 pct over the same period.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the stock of forward-looking corporate income indicators amounted to $4,686 million, up from +28.90 per cent at the beginning of the year, a steady increase.
The value of the Yangtze storage order is approximately 500 million (3 pvd equipment, 8 etching equipment, 28 stoves of various types), and it is conservatively estimated that the number of orders will double this year (three pvd equipment, 13 etching equipment, 36 stoves of various types as of 2020q3 in the Yangtze).
With increased stability and a breakthrough in the new process, companies are expected to generate new value growth points.
First-time coverage: Autonomous innovation based on the platform's wing, projected in September in Worldfabforecast, will increase global expenditure on crystallized plant equipment by 13 per cent in 2021, — semiconductor equipment depth study series I 2020-
With billions of dollars, mpu 6 billion, analog 3.5 billion dollars, and image sensors $3.4 billion), the world’s semiconductor equipment merchants are approaching a fast-growing year. China’s mainland region, with its semiconductor manufacturing capacity, can shift its focus and is expected to replace Korea in 2021, becoming the largest semiconductor equipment market in the world.
In the context of supply chain security, there has been a significant increase in the willingness of the country’s autonomous crystal-crystomies to authenticate national production equipment, which has deepened to create uncertainty in the semiconductor-wide chain. Using legally compliant information, producing this report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report have come from open information in the market, and I have written these letters.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.