Conch cement (600585.sh)/building materials is on track for a return to performance in the quarter, with expected high performance in the second quarter. The net profit from withholding is $5,457 million, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the same period.
In terms of demand, the national fixed-asset investment has increased by 29.7 per cent in the first quarter, and the housing sector has grown by 28.2 per cent in the same year.
In the first quarter of this year, 439 million tons of cement were sold across the country, an increase of 47.3 per cent compared to 20 per cent, and 12.13 per cent compared to 19 years. The recovery in the industry has resulted in a projected increase of nearly 50 per cent in corporate cement sales over the same period, an increase in trade operations and an increase in the Māori rate exercised under cement prices: in the first quarter, the Māori ratio of companies was 26.9 per cent.
The price of mud is high, and the price of cement has fallen in the first quarter of this year. On the other hand, the epidemic has been properly controlled in the country this year, with a return to normal levels in the low Māori trading sector. At the cost rate, the public sales rate, the management rate, the financial rate have been 2.7%, 3.5%, and -0.7%, respectively, for the first quarter of the year.
Management rates, sales rates have been reduced as a result of the decline in fixed-cost amortization. The net cash flow of the company during the quarter was $4,955 million, and sales returns were good. The balance sheet of the company maintained a tight balance between the supply and demand of cash and property1 and the company invested on a long-term basis.
In 2021, the company will continue to expand its productive capacity and consolidate its leadership: in 2021, the company will be further delayed by a slightly higher-than-expected two-cent rate, with steady growth in performance, embedded in the layout of bone and concrete operations, leading to steady growth in performance.
3q3 shows steady growth, long-term value highlights, guided by a new round of supply-side reforms in the cement industry, firm performance in ultra-low-emission technologies and cement4 and long-term holding options.
There are plans to create green energy projects, and it is hoped to benefit from them in the future. Since the industrial landscape, the year-round performance of the second quarter and the first quarter of the year has not changed, the country’s cement prices have continued to rise, and the fifth round of clinker prices have been much higher than expected.
6 Performance improved on schedule, year-round steady growth 7 major camps with trade operations affecting profitability Investment proposal: In the medium and long term, the cement industry faces a downward demand constraint, due to supply side over the past few years
But we believe that the conch's cost advantage, the industrial chain's advantage, and the financial advantage still exist, so that the conch is expected to achieve a moderate increase in the pool at the bottom of the industry in the future, thus restoring a higher level of profitability in the next up-cycle. And the conch is higher.
The rate of dividends also highlights its long-term value as an excellent cash cow. Investors are advised to look for longer periods.
Gammasecurities
The market in Hong Kong is based on the Morgan Stanley China Index, and the United States market is based on the standard 500 index or the NASDAQ composite index.
Baseline (except as otherwise indicated). Gammasecurities