Material material  conch cement: Cement giants opened 14 new chapters: in the first quarter of 2021, the company received $34.441 billion (+48.41%) in net return.
Under, the scarcity of mines makes the cement resource, the market will be less volatile as the concentration of the industry rises, and in the last 2-3 years and the next 2-3 years, the substantial repair of the balance sheet of the cement enterprise and the increase in profit stability will be the catalyst for the restoration of the valuation of the cement, the conch.
Cement will be revalued as the industry’s leader. The company’s performance for the period 2021-2022 will fall by q1 and remain robust. We measure the total market value/flow of water achieved by the company in the first quarter of 2021 (millions of dollars).
(a) The robustness of the construction area and the steady growth of capital investment, while the overall demand for conch cement (600585), " conch cement: encouraged to survive in situ " , followed by back-to-back work, has increased steadily over the same period in previous years;
Camp quality has been steadily improving and valuation is expected to be repaired. In terms of single tons, we estimate the average price of cement clinker produced by q1 for its own sale is approximately $320 – 2021/03/25.
Tail cement (600585), conch cement: Quarterly, due to lower season prices; ton cost about $190, a decline of about 10 compared to the same year, remained robust and the quality of operations continued to improve.
Dollars/tons, as a result of an increase in coal prices during the quarter; Māori tons, approximately $130, down by about $28/tonne from the same year; full-calibre q1 tons, about $29 from the same year, down by about $10/Snail Cement (600585).
(a) Tons, mainly due to increased fixed amortization due to the effects of the epidemic during the same period last year;
Thus, corporate governance and profitability levels remain at the forefront of the industry. The q1 trade volume has grown significantly in the middle of the sea, with a volume of roughly 20 million tons of corporate trade in the first quarter of 2021, which doubled over the same period, owing to the impact of the new crown epidemic.
As the pattern in the sea is becoming more normal, the expansion of corporate trade will not only boost corporate revenue.
The steady growth in size, coupled with a significant reduction in the sale of clinker by large enterprises in the East China region, has allowed the regional control of leading firms to further strengthen and mitigate local price volatility in cement, smoothing down, good business sales, more basic sales in East and South China than in the South-West, and 90 per cent of exports in the South-West.
The country's stock is below 50%, the price of cement is rising seasonally, the prices of the Jiang Yu region and the Pearl Triangle region are starting to rise in the third round, and prices are higher than in the same period last year. At the end of demand, real estate is still strong, the capital is stable, and the demand for cement is still strong.
The price of long triangle clinker has recently started to rise in the fifth round (a cumulative increase of $120 per ton, up to $440 per ton for loading), up from $70-80 per ton in the same period last year, up three rounds (up from approximately $70 per ton in the same period last year) and higher than expected, or faster, in the case of clinker.
Rapidly rising boosters, q2 price increases are expected to be higher than expected; as the current market is expected to be lower for cement plates, low valuations, high-scoring red cement plates, or as the fundamentals are catalyzed, are expected to repair the situation, while conch is the industry's wind sign.
Won. By acquiring or building itself, increasing clinker capacity by 9 million tons, cement capacity by 10.45 million tons, and bone production by 3 million tons, commercial comb production by 1.2 million cubic metres; and by 2021, the public administration plans to maintain a substantial level of capital and steady expansion of capacity.
They believe that real estate investment remains strong and resilient, and that demand is expected to remain stable, and that the supply side will need to enforce the tight supply and demand balance of the wrong peak production, especially in the cement industry, which is a large emitter of carbon, or a new supply, guided by the goal of "Category peaking in 2030, middle carbon in 2060."
Reforms on the side, and conch-making in highly cash-flowing enterprises, where capital, technology, size, and channels are clearly superior, are expected to reverse the trend to raise the market share and increase steadily. Less than expected, output lags slowly, supply and demand patterns vary; prices such as coal, ore, etc.
The recovery is lower than expected, the output lags slowly, the supply and demand patterns deteriorate, and the prices of coal, ores, etc., rises, resulting in higher costs.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report