Low innovation in the spread of the poor rate of interest differentials, the basics of which are impressive - a detailed reading of Jiangsu Bank ' s 3-quarter 2020 report 30 October 2020
On October 29, the company released its three-quarters report for 2020. The company’s net profit return in the first three quarters increased by 0.64 per cent over the same period. Although the rate of profit gain decreased slightly from 3.49 per cent in the first half of the year, the company’s pre-repreparation profit performance was smooth if the provision factor was removed, with a 15.89 per cent increase in the previous three quarters, a slight decrease of 64bp in the first half of the year.
In the third quarter, there was a positive increase in cost control, non-interest income, and asset growth. The net rate difference increased, the cost of indebtedness improved, and the net rate was significantly larger than in the first half of the year. According to our calculations, the net rate difference for the first three quarters increased by 6 bp over the first half of the year.
With an interest-bearing asset return of 1.60 per cent, the rate of return increased by 1 bp and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 6 bp. In the third quarter, the higher-than-high-cost active liability increases and decreases in prices effectively reduced the level of interest expenditure.
The unit is less innovative than the 300-degree trend, and the asset quality problem is solved with a 1.33% negative rate, with the ring falling by 4bp. The interest rate is only 1.59%, with the ring dropping by 23bp significantly.
Not only has the negative effects of the epidemic been absorbed, but both indicators have updated the current lows in the market and are below the average bank value of the listed banks. This reflects the resolution of the issue of the quality of the assets used to suppress corporate valuations.
• Take the lead in the pilot water distribution stock programme, capital is replenished by billions of shares in the leading industry, and the equity collection does not exceed 20 billion yuan yuan (including). If it goes well, the company will be the first public bank in recent years to implement the portfolio. In the event of a generally low rate of profit growth in the banking sector and insufficient in-house capital replenishment, and
The company’s three-quarters report shows a growing net-rate deficit, a continuous improvement in asset quality, and a sharp increase in capital base on the basis of the semi-annual report. We see that the company’s development potential is well advanced, and that a future transition to retail business will open up new developments.
Space. Given the short-term exposure to macro-environmental factors, there is limited scope for profit growth. We lower this year’s profit growth expectations, but we remain optimistic about next year’s performance growth.
1. Jiangsu Bank (600919): Significant improvements in basics, 2. Jiangsu Bank (600919): proposed shares for capital quenching thirst, opening up space for future growth
The company’s net profit from the previous three quarters was 0.64% higher than the previous quarter. Although the profit growth was slightly lower than the 3.49% in the first half of the year, if the provision factor was removed, the company’s pre-release profit performance was fairly smooth, the first three.
Unlike the apparent fall in profits before other listed banks’ provision in the third quarter, the company’s profitability has been more stable. This is largely due to the firm’s positive growth in cost control, non-interest income and asset growth in the third quarter, and further improvements in basics.
If the end-of-year factor is removed, the net difference is significantly larger than in the first half of the year. According to our calculations, the net difference in the first three quarters was a rapid increase of 6bp to 1.60% over the first half of the year, with an increase in the yield on interest-bearing assets of 1bp and a decrease in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities.
6bp. During the third quarter, the higher share of low-cost active liabilities effectively reduced interest expenditure levels. Assets synchronized, companies seized consumption recovery trends in the third quarter, actively invested in personal loans, and released bill discount amounts. Individual loan rings increased by 8.25% and instruments discounted by 7.80%.
Three, poor rates and low innovation, asset quality solutions, asset quality improvements. Bad rates, 1.33%, ring drops by 4bp. Concern, 1.59%, ring drops by 23bp. Credit risk profile has improved considerably, not only to absorb the negative effects of the epidemic, but both indicators have been updated to keep it on the market.
This reflects the fact that the quality of the assets that were used to suppress company valuations has already been brought to 57bp, with an annualized credit cost increase of 6bp.
The company is moving forward with the stock-sharing program. The stock-sharing plan is currently being processed by the CSRC. On September 26, the company responded to the feedback.
If it goes well, the company will be the first publicly listed bank in recent years to implement a portfolio. Compared to the refinancing of the banks that have increased and re-debtable ownership, the equity portfolio is moving faster, which is more conducive to faster capital replenishment for banks.
And from a long-term perspective, in this year’s generally low rate of profit growth in the banking sector and inadequate in-house capital replenishment, timely external capital replenishment avoids capital shortfalls in banks and is more conducive to firms’ long-term market competitiveness.
ii. Deep-farming Jiangsu has development potential, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Three-quarterly reports by companies show a growing market with a net-rate gap and a continuous improvement in the quality of assets, with its fundamentals added on a semi-annual basis.
Given that the short term is influenced by macro-environmental factors, there is limited scope for profit growth. We lower this year’s profit growth expectations, figure 12: Jiangsu Bank pb-band second shock, loan pricing and interest rate hikes.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,