Lightware leader, high-resilient growth driven by infrastructure on several sides.
The company is the leading provider of the overall solution for optical devices in the industry.
The development, scale and sale of high-speed optical devices has led to the accumulation of many of the world’s leading core technological techniques in such basic materials as fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass. In the area of company-based communication, the optical equipment development platform in the optics industry continues to grow.
Value line business layout, which provides global customers with multiple vertically integrated one-stop solutions for one-stop shops, with products widely used in fibre-optic communications, data centres, optical sensing, etc.
The light module market continues to grow. The light communication industry, as the basis for the 5g network construction and data centre development, is closely linked to the rapid development of new-generation information technology such as cloud computing, big data, object networking, artificial intelligence. The light device is a necessary device for the transformation of light communication signals.
Its enclosed light module allows the conversion of light signals towards the need for high-speed data transmissions To grow, the light module as a key component of the connection between dci and the i server will grow rapidly over 400g and above. The global light module market is a whole.
S03402407002 Rapid growth, with the global light module market expected to develop 11% of the re-ai applications over the period 2022-2027 as a catalyst for the development of the data communications infrastructure. Multimodelling is achieved in large models.
While information processing capacity continues to increase, the scale of the pre-training required is increasing.
Capital spending has stagnated over the ai infrastructure, and the overall scale of investment in data centres has increased. With a combination of policy push, capital spending investment priorities, and the need for smart computing, more computing equipment has been laid down on a scale that corresponds to the light device and the light module under the Tainet.
Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies. Companies continue to grow deep in the field of communications, serving global communications equipment and data centre operators.
1.1 The company is the leading provider of the overall solution of optical devices in industry. In the field of deep-dry optical devices and optical envelopes, 19 vehicles continue to expand their operations.
Solution providers and PV state-of-the-art encapsulation service providers, who specialize in high-speed optical device development, regulation and marketing, accumulated sedimentation in such basic materials as fine ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, many of the world's leading core process technologies that provide global customers with a wide range of vertically integrated one-stop product solutions.
Products are widely used in the areas of fibre-optic communications, data centres, optical sensing, etc. The company ' s deep-farming communications field, which was established for many years, was mainly for the production of non-sourced devices such as ceramic tubes, optically received and received components, and developed to expand to non-sourced devices such as optical isolation units, fibre-optic array lenses and vertical extension to 0sa.
In the field of luminous communications, the optical equipment development platform of the Toto Communications industry has continued to expand high-value product lines. The business layout has evolved into a two-tier global headquarters for Suzhou and Singapore: Japan, Shenzhen, Suzhou, multi-country R & D centres, the United States, Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen, Wuhan, and Jiangxi and Thailand.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. Company is committed to becoming the world ' s leading optical device enterprise, with a well-developed matrix of photocommunication device products, which can be divided into 13 major product lines and eight major programmes, with the main options available being high-speed coaxware encapsulation solutions.
High-speed box package solutions, awg-series open-source solutions, microoptic solutions, etc., building on the established platform for the development of optical devices in the light communication industry, to respond to the high-speed demands of the next generation of data centres, to actively layout high-speed products, such as light engines, using teams for a variety of basic materials and components, optical designs, integrated envelopes, etc.
Professional accumulation in the field, expanded to provide complementary new products to clients such as downstream laser radars, resulting in mux/demux coupling, manufacturing techniques, fa fibre-optic array design, box containment manufacturing, parallel optical design manufacturing, optical component plating, nanoscale precision molding, metal material micromechanical manufacturing technology, ceramic materials
Holdings are stable and effectively controlled stockholdings are concentrated. According to the company finance report, the shareholding in Tianfu communication is Suzhou, Tianfuin and Investment Management Ltd., which owns 38.04% of the company’s total stockholding, and the real control of Tianfu communication.
For Zou and O-Yan, Mr. Zou is the current chairman of the board of directors, and his children Xiao Xiao and Xin Xin have served as physical controllers. The company has introduced restrictive stock and stock options as incentives for the long-term development of companies, and since 2018 has provided equity incentives to core technicians through targeted stock distributions. In November 2024, the public,
The Division awarded restricted stock reserves to the target audience of the 2023 restricted equity incentive scheme, with a total of 400 prominent contributors, including directors, senior managers, and core technicians, including expatriates. The scheme, based on company revenue and net profits in 2022, set performance growth requirements for 2024-2026, and mobilized the workforce.
At the same time, polemism is conducive to the upward growth of corporate performance. 1.2 The demand for high-speed optical devices continues to grow, corporate performance increases rapidly, and corporate profits rise rapidly. Global data centre construction leads to a sustained stabilization of demand for high-speed optical devices products
Growth, the company ' s high-speed new product lines were fast meeting client demand. From 2020 to 2023, the company ' s operating income grew from 873 million strong demand, the company ' s revenue and profits from source and sourceless product lines grew rapidly, and in the first three quarters of 2024, the company ' s net profits were projected to increase at the same rate after the company ' s non-recurrent gains and losses were deducted throughout the year, according to the company ' s performance forecast for 2024.
In 2021, the company’s profitability was pushed short-term by factors that were adversely affected by the increase in the price of raw materials and the acquisition and tabulation. In the post-partum phase of the Jiangxi production base and the Thai factory, the company’s capacity to scale up was increased and unit costs were reduced. In addition, communications from the sky were pre-arranged at 1.6 t.
Quick Light Module, Silicon Light Technology and cpo (Combined Envelope Optical) Program, with products gradually entering the production week in 2024, leading to an optimal Māori rate structure, a fast-tracking of corporate profit margins, total gross sales in the first three quarters of 2024, a major part of the Division's costs during the period, and management costs for equity incentives, safe production costs in the first three quarters of 2024
As equity incentives are implemented, production arrangements are modelled and information systems such as mes, erp, plm and so forth are upgraded to upgrade factor configuration levels, while company-time costs, optical glass and other basic materials have accumulated into many of the world's leading processes, patents, etc.
The number of researchers increased from 238 in 2019 to 464 in 2023.
2.ai wave presents data communications needs, and the main light communication industry is expected to continue on track. 2.1 The global light module industry is expected to grow to hundreds of billions of size.
The new generation of information technologies, such as networking, artificial intelligence, has been rapidly developing, and the scale of the light and electronics market has continued to rise with the increase in the level of research and development of optical and electronic technology and devices. We have introduced a series of supportive policies, such as the Basic Electronics Industry Development Plan (2021-2023) and the Digital China Building Plan.
To promote the development of ultra-velocity, hyper-capacity, ultra-long-distance light communication technologies, and to promote the construction of light communication infrastructure from strategic heights. In 2023, the country's optical communications market reached 13.9 billion yuan, and from 2018 to 2023, the necessary equipment for the transmission of light communications signals is the core of the light module.
It consists mainly of photo/electric chips, pcb, etc., and the medium-sized optical device consists of a light component, which is divided into active and non-source components, and which form a light module by different means of containment. In downstream light devices, which are used in the light communication system equipment, it is primarily directed to customers such as telecommunications operators, cloud service providers, data centre manufacturers, etc., and is used for fibre-optic access, wireless forward transmission.
Figure 12: Industrial chains in the light communication industry.
Tosa and Rossa are important components for the PV function. The PV component (tosa) and the PV component (rosa) are responsible for photo-electric or electro-optical transformation, generating, modeming, magnifying and detecting the light signal.
The cost of the light module industry is 73%, the cost of the chip is 18%, the cost of the pcb is 5%, and the cost of the shell is growing rapidly in the market size of the light module. The global market for the light module is growing rapidly, depending on the size of the market.
Lightning data, the global market for light modules is expected to grow at a rate of 11 per cent annually over 2022-2027, with a long rate of growth, expected to break through $20 billion in 2027. Demand for high-speed data transmission is growing, with the light module as a key component of the dci-i server connection, with 400g and above high-speed light modules.
The volume of goods will grow rapidly, and Trendforce expects a 56.5 per cent annual increase in global light module delivery in 2025.Figure 15: Global light module market size 2016-2025.Figure 16: Global light module delivery in 2023-2025
Chinese manufacturers occupy an important position among global light module suppliers. We have seven of the top ten light module suppliers. We have the first of the top 10 light module suppliers in the world. We are the third in Hesilicon, the fifth in accelink, and the sixth in Heisense, the sixth in New Emancipation.
(eoptolink) ranked seventh, Chinese, Chinese, 9th, Solth, 9th. 2.2 Large models, both in and out of the sea, demand for high-speed data communications, infrastructure-intensive, large model capacity-upgrading, and an increase in the number of contextual parameters at the line of reasoning. Between 2023 and the first half of 2024, the large model was in the direction of the country.
Multimodelling trends, accompanied by a more generalized application of large models and an effective boost to the process of trans-moderated data integration, have led to a continuous increase in the knowledge and processing of multiple styles of information, such as pictures, videos, text, audio, etc., issued by major technology manufacturers.
Formulas, the amount of observable parameters n and the amount of training datad are one of the main factors influencing model performance, and the expansion of capacity is an important basis for the current development of large models. Since the second half of 2024, the development of large-scale models of priority manufacturers has been characterized by the ability to further expand model parameters support, to provide a focus on specific scientific, coding and mathematics areas. More has been achieved in large models.
At the same time that modelling information processing capacity continues to increase, the scale of the pre-training required behind it is increasing, and the respective parameters are expanding.
Figure 19: Large model performance is closely related to the size of the parameters DeepSeek drives down the cost of large model calls to more disaggregated area applications. In January 2025, DeepSeek released the latest large model, Deep Seek-r1 and synchronized with the opening weight of the source, with actual performance against the marker gpt4o
By reducing the costs of model training and increasing efficiency, DeepSeek will accelerate the commercial spread of the ai to more detailed industries and end-sides, with cumulative downloads of Deepseekapp from questmobile up to 9 February, according to questmobile, exceeding 110 million downloads per week.
The maximum household size is nearly 97 million. Deepseek has advantages in terms of cost, performance, open source, etc. Promotion of energy efficiency with significant distillation capacity should accelerate the arrival of ai technology, drive the penetration of ai in traditional industries such as small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), medical care, and finance, and increase aggregate demand for long-term benefits.
Over the last three quarters of 2024, the Amazonaws sector grew from $7 billion to $10.4 billion over the same period in 2023; it benefited from the accelerated growth of AI infrastructure, generation-ai solutions and core gcp products on Google Clouds Platform (gcp)
In the long run, Google Cloud revenue grew by 35 to 11.4 billion dollars; Microsoft, driven by a 31 per cent increase in revenue from azure and other cloud services, increased server products and cloud services by 24 per cent, North American head cloud industry business increased by the same time, and the return on inputs in the one area continued to circulate.
According to ifind, four major North American cloud producers, including Microsoft, Google, Meta, Amazon, spent $58.850 billion on capital spending in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 59.06% over the same period, ring growth of 11.35%, the highest level since 2019. At the same time, priority cloud producers continued to provide positive guidance on capital spending, with Amazons projected to be working in 2024.
Smart capital spending will reach a record level of $75 billion, an increase of 55 per cent over the same period, capital expenditure driven by the aws clouds, estimated to be capital spending in 2025 or higher, with a major focus on generating artificial intelligence; three seasons of meta capital expenditure will increase by 36 per cent to $9.2 billion over the same period, with a plan to significantly increase the ai expenditure to cover expenditure in 2025.
Implementation of its 'ai strategy; Microsoft, driven mainly by positive investment in the 'ai ' and universal server replenishment, is expected to spend 32 per cent more than in the fourth quarter of the year, with spending increasing by more than 55 per cent in the fiscal year 2024; Google ' s third quarter capital expenditure increased by 62 per cent compared to the previous quarter, with a 0.9 per cent decline in the ring comparison, and investment in technology infrastructure accounted for the majority, with 60 per cent of the investment in tpu, gpu
The digital economy has become a hot spot for national strategic planning. Global national and regional data strategies are accelerating, and the EU has published E-Europe.
The draft continental data strategy, the Data Governance Bill and the Data Bill promote the construction of the EU Single Data Market: Japan publishes the Integrated Data Strategy, which essentially clarifies the approach to the development of the data strategy; Korea publishes the Data Industry Renewal and Use Promotion Basic Law, which integrates the use of data development. In my country, the 14th Five-Year Digital Economy
The plan clearly states that by 2025, the digital economy will be on a full-scale expansion period, with the value added of the core industries of the digital economy reaching the development goal of 10% of gdp. The plan for the digital infrastructure is designed to accelerate the construction of the information network infrastructure, promote the development of cloud networks in synergy and computing networks, and facilitate the orderly upgrading of infrastructure intelligence.
The Action Plan for Quality Development of Arithmetic Infrastructure, issued jointly by the six departments, emphasizes the need for a sustained selection of case examples from the National Centre for Arithmetic (NCA) and encourages a variety of actors to explore innovative ways of developing a business model and multi-stakeholder collaborative mechanisms for the development of smart computing centres.
The data and communications sector has become the main source of capital spending for major communications operators. Our telecommunications operators have been actively involved in the wave of progress towards ai in areas such as investment and transport. All three of our basic telecommunications enterprises have full access to the open-source model of DeepSeek, which is used in multiple scenarios and products, providing a programme of know-how for the popular Deepseek-r1 model.
Accompanied environment, the area of arithmetic is the main direction of the future deployment of the operator, and the operator’s investment in this area continues to rise. According to China’s mobile and Chinese telecom promotion information and the first half of 2024, China’s projected capital expenditure in this area will rise from 39.1 billion yuan in 2023 to 47.5 billion yuan in 2023, accelerating the diversification of its numeracy supply.
In the first half of 2024, the size of companies reached 8.2 eflops (fp32) and 19.6 eflops (fp16). In China, telecom projects that digital capital spending in the industry will rise from 35.5 billion yuan in 2023 to 37 billion yuan, that intellectual capacity will rise to more than 10 eflop and above 21 eflop in the first half of 2024.
10 eflops, cumulatively reaching 21eflops, will contribute to the overall upgrading of the data centre to Aidc. High-level intellectual computing needs are increasing, and the construction of Aidc is the main direction in which idc continues to develop. The need to achieve phenomenon-level multimodular energy applications provides a strong computing, storage and network capability, and the need for smart computing is growing rapidly in scale and intelligence.
The boom in the centre’s construction set-up has surged rapidly, with global smart arithmetic rising from 7% in 2018 to 62% in 2023, with an average increase of 123% in size over the last five years. In our country, smart arithmetic is expected to grow from 31.7eflops in 2019 to a positive acceleration of structural change in the computing industry, and smart arithmetic will replace universal arithmetic as the dominant component of the computing structure.
More computing equipment has been laid down, driven by a combination of policy push, investment in capital spending priorities and smart numeracy needs, and the China Institute of Digital Infrastructure Research (CIDI) expects to increase the size of the existing data centre to 14 million units by the end of the “145” planning period in 2025, with a total increase of about 700 billion yuan.
Within the sphere of the ball, the construction of large data centres is continuing, with billions of dollars invested in construction data around the world, according to abrirearch, aws, Microsoft azure, Google Cloud Platform (gcp), ibm, Alibaba and Oracle, and the number of megadata centres is expected to increase from 511 in 2024 to 770 in 2030.
The total global computing power is expected to grow from 615 eflops in 2021 to 56 zflops in 2030. The size of the market is expected to grow rapidly for the generation ai, and idc projects that the global ai calculation market will grow from $19.5 billion in 2022 to $34.7 billion in 2026, and the generation ai calculation will account for the whole ai calculation city.
The proportion of the field will increase from 4.2% to 31.7%, and the light module of the data infrastructure serving the i cluster will be an important driver of the growth of the light module. The rapid development of the aigc and ict applications has created a huge demand for the growth of the light module, as it can be achieved by using the ether web bandwidth over the ib network.
The highest speed and its economic advantages make the Ethernet the main focus of the current deployment of many of the manufacturers’ ai clusters. Ether, the optic module will be an important driver of light module growth, with the expected sales of 400g and 800g of the optic modules rising sharply, and the market size of the #800g and #800g modules associated with #ai will account for nearly 60% of all luminous modules.
Lightning expects to ease the shortage of eml in the second half of 2025, and the silicon light programme will continue to gain a market share, increasing by 50 per cent throughout the year in the overall market for the e-net module. Maintain the “buy-in” rating for companies.
Central operators. Performance is expected to increase in the context of i-applications contributing to more data infrastructure development, with (1) increased industry competition. In the field of optical devices, major manufacturers have a certain homogeneity. If listed enterprises engage in significant homogenization expansion or price competition, firms may face the risk of increased industry competition in the future;
(ii) Demand is not as high as expected. The downstream applications of company-owned operations are mainly global telecommunications, fibre-optic connectivity, data centres and artificial intelligence markets, which are more influenced by the market demand climate in the light communication industry and are more relevant to the capital expenditure of global telecommunications operators and data centre cloud operators.
Expenditure is expected to fall, or there is a risk of less than expected demand; (3) exchange rate fluctuations.
(4) International trade risks. Some of the company ' s raw materials and equipment are imported from abroad, developments in international trade are uncertain due to geopolitical factors, and there may be some impact on the company ' s procurement, sales or international trade risks if there is a clear adverse change in international trade policy in the countries concerned with the company ' s import and export operations;
The technology is still in rapid development, as a technology-driven industry, new revolutions, technological breakthroughs, or new demand for hardware end, which would result in alternative demand for existing light communications, “positive” investors would be fit only to use research that is no higher than “medium- and high-risk”, and “radical” investors would be fit to use the risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.