The light-store inverter taps, continue in the east wind, ssss 11905228001 bell nymph.
The company was established in 1997 to maintain a sustained focus on the development and marketing of products from the new energy wind storage track. The Department's operations were dominated by a combination of photovoltaic reverses, storage systems, power station systems. 2) The company's business performance has increased steadily in recent years. In 2023, the company generated 72.25 billion yuan, with power storage systems at the top of the market. (2) In terms of products, the large reserve Poweritan 2.0 is a good combination, using an all-hydrocool radiator approach, and is “direct streaming one”.
A container capacity of 2.5 mw/5mwh; a centralized scheme, Poweritan 2.0-ud, with a battery basket designed using a high-pressure control box with a battery chamber of six modules, with each of three battery compartments and links to an external 1.25mw modular pcs. 3kw-8.8mw, covering household use, clustering, 1+x modularization and centralized reverses, with products covering a full range of household use, business and ground power stations.
4. Other business: steady growth in power plant investment and new and diversified business developments. Global development of photovoltaic/wind power plants is over 40gw, and business is expected to grow steadily. Emerging operations such as hydrogen energy, charging poles and so forth continue to diversify. 5. Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies, as global light reservoirs, have significant product-plus brand advantages and are expected to benefit from rapid development dividends in the sectors over the long term.
1. Global light-store inverters, revenue-earnings lead continuously 2. Storage-energy operations: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats.3 Photovoltaic operations: global leaders are solid and full-scale
4. Other business: steady growth in power station development, diversified emerging business development, profit forecasting and investment proposals Company profile: development history and major products
Corporate profile: Chairman Cao In-hyun focused on research in the field of renewable energy generation for more than 30 years. 1 R & D and innovation: the company has been focusing on new energy generation, undertaking over 20 major national science and technology projects, leading the drafting of a number of national standards, one of the very few firms in the industry with a large number of autonomous core technologies; 2 products are distributed globally: as of the end of June 2024, companies are worldwide.
The market has accumulated over 605gw installed in electrical electronic conversion equipment, and the company's core product, photovoltaic reverse transformers, through certification and testing by various international authorities, such as tüv, csa and sgs, have been sold in bulk to more than 170 countries and territories around the globe; three companies have been honoured with the company's “China Industry Award” and other honours, with national post-doctoral research workshops, national high-technology industrialization demonstration bases, etc., and a combination of power is in the forefront of the global new energy generation industry.
Chairman and President Cao In-hyun focused on renewable energy generation for more than 30 years, with extensive industrial experience. Cao In-hyun was born in Hangzhou in July 1968, retained as a teacher in 1993 after obtaining a master's degree in electrical engineering from the University of the Fertilizer Industries, created a solar power source after leaving office in 1997, and has served as Chairman and President of the Company since August 2007.
June 1993-1997, teaching at the University of Fertilizer Industries, 1997-July 2001, Sunshine Power Co. Ltd., July 2001-August 2007, Executive Director and Managing Director, Sunshine Power Co. Ltd.
August 2007 President, President, Chairman, President, Cao In-hyun, University of Fertilizer Industries, 1968, Specialization in Industrial Electrical Automation
Equity analysis: Centralized stock structure, global layout of wind storage hydrogen, centralized stock structure, comprehensive layout of wind storage hydrogen operations. As of 30 June 2024, Cao In-hyun was the real controlling owner of the company, holding 30,46 per cent of the shares; shareholding of the co-fertilized pool equity investment partner 2.81 per cent; shares of Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Limited, 10.18 per cent.
Source power generation equipment operations, Sunshine Idea Science and Technology Ltd. (principal photovoltaic equipment and components operations), Sunshine Storage Energy Technology Ltd. (principal storage energy industry), Sunshine New Energy Development Co. Ltd. (principal new energy investment development business), Sunshine Hydrogen Technology Ltd. (principal hydrogen energy industry) etc. Equity analysis: December 2023 Stock Incentive Scheme, individual company double-level appraisals
A total of 518 persons, including directors of companies (including subsidiaries), senior managers, some core and core staff, were awarded incentives for the first time, accounting for 5.61 per cent of the total number of employees of companies as at 31 December 2022. The indicators are broken down into performance appraisals at the company level and individual performance appraisals.
50 per cent attribution; results of last year's test d, 0 per cent attribution. Financial analysis: business scale continues to expand and income for the first half of 2024 meets expectations Financial analysis: Māori rate, net interest rate, cost rate on a year-on-year basis increase
Financial analysis: Storage energy, inverters, power station systems, etc., became the backbone of the company’s three main operations. The company’s operations were dominated by photovoltaic converters, storage systems, and power station systems. Of these, electrical conversion equipment, such as photovoltaic converters, received 38.27% of the total revenue in 2023, with a gross gross profit ratio of about 33-35% compared to the sub-operational Māori ratio; the storage energy system’s Maori rate fluctuated significantly, with about 25-30% in the centre; the photovoltaic power station system.
Financial analysis: The growth of overseas markets has been evident, with Hong Kong and the Australasia region and overseas becoming important markets for companies as a result of the expansion of overseas markets, which has led to a year-to-year decline in the share of companies in mainland China and an increase in the share of Hong Kong and the Australasia and overseas markets. As of 2023, solar power sources showed a year-to-year growth in R & D inputs. From 2018 to 2023, total R & D investment by companies increased from $352 million to $2,447 million, on average.
1. Global light-store inverters, revenue-earnings lead continuously 2. Storage-energy operations: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats.3 Photovoltaic operations: global leaders are solid and full-scale
4. Other operations: power station development is growing steadily, new and diversified operations are developing 5. Profit predictions and investments suggest upward demand for global storage capacity. In the context of the trend towards carbon neutrality and light parity, storage is increasingly being used by countries as an important tool to regulate the use of renewable energy over time.
According to Gurevat, a combined increase in global storage capacity is expected to be 56.7% in 2024-2027, and 652.4gwh by 2027. Chart: Global storage capacity demand continues to rise upwards: China’s large reserve bid is continuing to rise, and low-price competition in medium- and long-term industries is expected to improve
China’s large-stock tenders continue to be high, and the medium- and long-term prospects for low-price competition in the industry are expected to improve. According to data from the storage and power markets, China’s high-volume storage performance continued to be high, with a mid-year mark of 46.7gw/123.4gwh in January-October 2024, compared to +64.9%/127.4% in January-October 2024, marked by high price pressure and low-price competition in the storage system, with a two-hour global storage capacity upward: the United States has large storage space and states have set up storage targets to plan accelerated storage capacity.
Long-term carbon neutralization and target-loading space. According to eia measurements, assuming that CO2 emissions from the U.S. grid are reduced by 95% in 2025 and by 100% in 2050, wind/states have set up storage targets to accelerate storage capacity. California, Nevada, New York, etc. have successively launched storage-loading plans. California’s storage targets are the highest, with 9.8gw and 54.2gw installed in 2030 and 2045, respectively.
Global storage capacity demand upwards: 38 gwh is projected for the US storage market in 2024, an increase of 67.5% over the same period.
Global demand for storage capacity has risen: Europe’s households have maintained a high profile, looking at the industrial elasticity of the post-banking process, Germany has maintained a high elasticity, and is looking forward to the release of 20242H2 from Western Europe. While the industry is still in the process of going to the reservoir, based on Germany’s relatively high profile, we see long-term growth in the European household storage market.
According to eber, as of May 2024, 66% of countries worldwide still have less than 5% of solar power. The Middle East, South-East Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc. have better light, but less than 10% of electricity is still generated by photovoltaics, and the overall development space is wide.
Chart: Solar power generation potential up: Middle East lcoe is the world leader, with a projected 30% photovoltaic cagr in 2023-2030. The Middle East region is far below the global average of photovoltaic lcoe, mainly due to large projects, low labour costs, and high solar irradiation.
According to rystad data, for example, in Saudi Arabia, lcoe is the lowest in the world at 10.4usd/mwh (approximately $0.074/kwh). According to rystad and Mesia, about 30% of the installed capacity in the Middle East is expected to come from renewable sources by 2030 and will rise to 75% by 2050, with a ratio of light-voltage aircraft to 75% by 2050.
Correspondingly, in the Middle East and North Africa region, the photovoltaic build-up capacity of 32gw in 2023 is expected to exceed 180gw, or about 30% by 2030. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Israel are expected to together account for nearly two thirds of the total solar load in the Middle East.
Reserve industry pattern: In 2024, the export value of the reverse transformer was on the rise, Asia and Africa became the bright spot of growth, influenced by, inter alia, the export of the reverse transformer, which fell after mid-2023, the bottom of which was confirmed at the beginning of 2024, and is currently under repair in the export of the reverse transformer region, where the share of exports in the Asia and Africa region increased from 2023 to 2024 and declined in the European region.
Energy storage industry pattern: Sun power storage systems have a significant advantage. According to cnesa, the number of storage energy systems delivered between 2019 and 2023, the number of top 2-9 manufacturers has changed considerably, while the solar power has always been at the top, the long line.
22, 23, ranking of global output)
The Asia-Pacific region is ranked first in 25 per cent of the market; in 2023, the global market for solar power accounted for 11 per cent, and in North America for the second. Chart: Sub-market share in 2022
In January-September 2024, the export of reverse transformers in Anhui province, affected by the base figure, increased by the same rate and 34%, and in January-September 2024, the export of reverse transformers in Anhui province increased by $1.01 billion, or 34%, in January-September.
In November 2023, the company released a large new package, Poweritan 2.0. The new item is in the form of full-hydrated heat-distribution, a “twice-to-line” package, Poweritan 2.0-hx, with 314ah large-capacity cores, embedded pcs, integrated direct flow, standard 20-foot container capacity.
A total of 2.5mw/5mwh. The inside is a battery basket with a set of pcs, which is also applied in the form of a liquid cold evaporation. In the centralized scenario, Poweritan 2.0-ud, the battery basket is designed using a high-voltage control box, with a total of six battery compartments, with each of the three battery compartments connected to an external 1.25mw modularization pcs, reducing the number of battery bundles combined, reducing the safety risk due to the uncoherent battery and the loss of power at the end of the charger.
Chart: Poweritan 2.0 series option 1, global light-store inverter leader, revenue-earning lead, 2, energy-storage business: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats
3. Photovoltaic operations: a solid global flagship with a full picture of its products 4 and other operations: steady growth in power station development, diversified development of new and emerging operations 5 and profit forecasting and investment proposals 5
The global landscape continues: the component offers are fast downwards and the additional photovoltaic loader is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the emerging markets; the cycle of photovoltaic + storage parity is accelerating in the medium to long term; and, in the short term, the new supply and demand cycle is starting gradually. Supply is expected to be effectively cleared in the second half of 2024, with the expected acceleration of outward capacity development, geopolitical easing, and a rematching of supply and demand in 2025, while the photovoltaic industry is expected to rise as light storage parity accelerates on a global scale.
Global photovoltaic demand continues to rise, and component prices drive high-speed growth of photovoltaic units on a continuous basis. Global photovoltaic inverter patterns: Sun power is firmly at the forefront of the industry, Sun power is firmly at the top of the industry. According to Woodmac, solar power from 2018-2023 remains at the top two levels of the industry.
Chart: Global PVCR vendor ranking: Global PVCR pattern: Future flagships are expected to rise steadily. Corporate PVCRs grew faster than industry growth in 2020-2023, with the leading market rising.
130gw, equivalent to 54.9% cagr, global 2020 light-voltage machine 136gw, reloading 420gw in 2023, corresponding to 45.6% cagr, looking to the city, we believe that with the firm’s strong capacity for product innovation, research and development, and market openings, it is expected to remain stable and rising.
The company has a full range of photovoltaic transformer products, covering a full range of scenarios. Sun power sources have 3 kw-8.8mw power. The types include household, cluster, 1+x modularization and centralized inverters. The products cover a full range of household, business and ground power stations.
1. Global light-store inverters, revenue-earnings lead continuously 2. Storage-energy operations: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats.3 Photovoltaic operations: global leaders are solid and full-scale
4. Other operations: steady growth in power station development, diversified emerging business development, profit forecasting and investment proposals
Global development of PV/FM power stations is over 40gw. Sunshine new energy sources serve as a platform for investment in new energy projects under the company’s umbrella, deep-ploughing homes in the fields of PV, business PV, storage power stations, centralized photovoltaics, and wind power plant development, and building China’s multi-dimensional and industrially coordinated operations for the roots and fast-growing overseas. By the end of 2023, Sunshine new energy operations had been developed globally, building PV/wind power stations over 40gw. 2024h1, corporate power plant investment generated revenues of $8.96 billion.
As the price of the components fell, the power station development was expected to increase economically, helping to increase investment in development operations steadily. Emerging business: Sun-hydro had the capacity to deliver integrated systems, Sun-hydro had the capacity to deliver integrated systems. Sun-hydrogen, the country’s first new energy enterprise in the hydrogen field, had the power of pwm hydrogen, alk
In 2023, solar power was developed to complete the 300m3/hpem cell and 500m3/hpem containerized hydrogen systems; and the construction of phase II automation, smart manufacturing plants was implemented.
Sunshine Hydrogen Products  Emerging Business: 2023 Sunshine in 180kw in bulk delivery and 2023 in 180kw in bulk delivery. Sunshine 30kw in European in bulk delivery in 2023, continuously leading to changes in charge technology.
Sunshine fills 180kw and is delivered in bulk and at the start of the world. Sunshine charge poles and sunlight power sources are connected to photovoltaics, storages and ecological collages, providing photo-chargers with integrated solutions that allow new energy vehicles to use new energy sources and contribute to the early realization of the double carbon target.
1. Global light-store inverters, revenue-earnings lead continuously 2. Storage-energy operations: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats.3 Photovoltaic operations: global leaders are solid and full-scale
4. Other operations: Station development is growing steadily, and new and diversified operations are developing.5 Profit predictions and investment proposals are based on the following core assumptions for Sunny Power 2024-2026:
The company, as a global light-store leader, has a strong product-plus brand advantage and is expected to benefit from a rapid development dividend in the long term. We adjust the company’s profit forecast, which is expected to be 2024-chart: a comparable company valuation table 1, a global light-store inverter, with revenue ahead of the curve.
2. Storage and energy operations: high market demand, research and development to build long-term moats 3 and photovoltaic operations: a strong global leader with a full picture of products 4 and other operations: steady growth in power station development and diversified emerging operations 4
(b) The size of the storage capacity is not as large as expected;
At the Pacific Academy, the 2nd D-unit 7th floor is located on the 9th Far East Street, Beijing City West Side.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute bids for the sale of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.