On January 26, the company issued an announcement regarding the acquisition of prospecting rights and associated transactions in the Western Ridge gold mine.
The company intends to acquire prospecting rights for gold exploration in West Ridge Village, Lai County, Shandong Province, in the possession of Shandong Province Gold Group, a fully-owned subsidiary of Shandong Gold Group Ltd., at a market price of 20.64 yuan.
The value of the transfer of mine rights amounted to 10,334 million yuan yuan, the value of the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine was assessed 592.19 tons of gold on file to assess the use of the gold reserves available, 443.98 tons.
The acquisition of large gold mines has led to a significant increase in the total amount of gold resources. Western Ridge gold mines are currently available. 2023.10.29 The largest single (world-class) gold deposits detected in the Western Ridge have been evaluated within the scope of the right to prospecting.
The amount of gold ore on file is 14,72,787 tons, the amount of metal in the au 592.19 tons, the au 3. In-depth study by the Shandong Gold Company: The Golden Trend Towards the Wind, with an average grade of 4.02 g/t; the amount of ag metal in the associated (presumption) resources is 590.85 tons;
The amount of gold ore is also difficult to use. The amount of gold ore is 11.12 million tons, the amount of au metal is 4.39 tons, and the average grade of au is 3.95 g/ton.
565.18 tons, with a substantial increase in corporate gold reserves after the completion of the West Ridge gold acquisition, planning resources will be consolidated to boost the production of self-generated gold. When the acquisition is completed, the West Ridge gold mine prospecting rights will be integrated with the existing mining rights of the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Trisan Island gold mine into new mining rights.
According to the Western Ridge Mining Rights Assessment report, production is planned at 3.3 million tonnes/year, with 13.386 tonnes of gold produced in the normal year of production.
Ton gold purchases are valued at $17 million, with a higher value for money. The transfer price for mineral prospecting in the Western Ridge is $10.334 billion, taking into account only 592.19 tons of gold and tons of gold.
The purchase price for the volume of resources is $17 million, and if the accompanying resources such as silver and sulphur are taken into account, the purchase price for the amount of gold is even lower. Compared to other gold companies, the purchase price for the amount of gold resources acquired in recent years has ranged from 0.12 to 0.55 million yuan.
The price of the average ton of gold on purchase items is about 27 million yuan, while the price of the average ton of gold on other company mergers during periods of historical high or rising prices is about 29 million yuan, and this acquisition has a higher value for money.
Risk of gold price volatility; under-release of project construction and production; safe environmental management