The growth in performance was higher than expected, benefiting from a sharp rise in gold prices and a steady increase in performance towards the acquisition of osinoresources by a controlled subsidiary, Silver-Thai Gold.
Silver Thai Gold, a company-owned subsidiary, is to purchase all of the issued and circulating general shares and subdued shares at a cost of $1.90 per share through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada, Henan Seinwe Trading Co. Ltd.
The amount of this purchase is approximately $368 million, and when the purchase is completed, silver and Thai gold will indirectly hold 100% of the shares in Osino.
The ore reserves of the Hills gold mining project are approximately 64.5 million tons, with an average gold grade of 1.04 g/t and a gold metal volume of 66.86 tons. In addition, the osino also has prospecting rights for the undundu gold mine 130 km north-west of the twinhills project, which is over 0.5 g/t of border grade.
Total equity/flow capital (billion shares) 44.73/36.14 The estimated resource volume of 0.9 million ounces (approximately 27.99 tons) of gold with a grade of 1.13 g/minimum price within 52 weeks
Project construction started in July of that year and was launched in 2026. Acquisition of prospecting rights for the Western Ridge gold mine and further integration of the resources of the Gudong Peninsula.
The Sandstone Gold Group Ltd. has the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine, and has a contract for the transfer of the right to prospecting with the gold field survey, with a transfer price of 10,334 million yuan and a payment of 6,708 million yuan over a one-year period.
The Western Ridge gold mine is the largest single gold deposit ever discovered in the country (the world-class giant), with a wealth of resources and adjacent to the eastern side of the San Francisco gold mine, which is an extension of the direction and propensity of the San Francisco gold mine.
After this transaction is completed, the company’s gold reserves are further increased, which is expected to yield good returns for the company, increasing its production size, profitability and core competitiveness.
The Fed's doves have taken a stand, raised the price of the gold in dollars/ounces, once again setting a record high. Beijing time, 21 March, early morning, the Fed called.