Increases in volume have been significant, with gold peaks gaining 86.57 per cent; net profits of 2,213 million yuan, or 111.40 per cent, achieved and subsequently attributed to the shareholders of the parent company; net profits of 934 million yuan, or more, achieved and subsequently attributed to the shareholders of the parent company
The company ' s own-owned gold production increased steadily: the 2023 company produced 41.78 tons of mineral gold, an increase of 8.03 per cent over the same period; of this, silver and Thai gold produced 2.52 tons on 14 August 2023 and shown thereafter.
The increase in mineral gold production in the Department in 2023 was due to: 1) the gradual optimization of the production systems of the three mountain islands, the Western and Central Treasure companies, and the upgrading of production capacity, with the production of mineral gold increasing by 5.74 per cent, 10.73 per cent and 15.54 per cent, respectively; 2) the resumption of work on the eastern wind mining areas of the Linglong gold mines, with the same yield as in the previous year
69.15% increase; 3) increase in total Beiradro gold extraction, decrease in the number of difficult smelting ores, and no less than 47 tons planned for mineral gold production; increase in gold prices and higher profits from corporate mineral gold: annual average domestic gold prices rose in 2023
14.72 per cent to $449.66/g. During the reporting period, the company ' s mines reduced loss and impoverishment rates by optimizing mining methods, enhancing technology management and on-site management, resulting in higher levels of raw minerals, and the company ' s original mine candidate ' s grade of 1.29 g/t in 2023 (excluding data on silver and Thai gold) increased by the same amount.
Tons of Maori increased by between $29.79 and $220.51 per ton over the same period, and the mineral gold ratio increased by 5.57 inward and outwards, with the company doing a lot of work: during the reporting period, the company continued to promote resource accumulation, intensive geological prospecting in the interior of the country, and active external access to resources. The outreach company acquired 28.89% shares of silver and Thai gold.
:: Competition for mining rights for the Gansu Bridge project to enhance the storage of resources of Shandong gold in Gansu region; promotion of the gold group ' s mining rights company in the Swallow Hills mining area in Punlai region, to be integrated with existing mining rights in the Pun Lei mining industry; and proposed acquisition of the country ' s largest single stock company from the holding stock group
Right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine. The company invested $570 million in prospecting in 2023, with 36.6 tons of additional gold from prospecting. By the end of 2023, the company had control of 624.64 tons of gold, an increase of 10.52 per cent over the same period. With the re-establishment of the Linglong gold mine, the Ghana Katino project was built.
With the completion of production, the Jia Mine, the integration of new city gold resources, the company’s future mineral gold production is expected to increase significantly, and the build-up of gold prices will increase so that the company’s performance will be resiliently released.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.