The metal-materials group contributed to a significant increase in the performance of the Littsi Litt, which was +8.03 per cent the same year, of which 2.52 tons of silver and Thai gold were produced on 14 August.
The company produces 39.26 tons per year of its own mines, compared with 1.51 per cent in the same year, and the increase in production is mainly due to: (1) optimization of the production systems of the Trisan Island gold mines, western and central treasures, gold-continent companies, and production.
2. " Shandong Gold Company Review: A proposed acquisition of West Ridge gold mine, and a return of gold resources; Increase in the total stripping of Ludro mine, decrease in the number of smelting ore options, and increase in equity production by 6.37 per cent. "
3. " Shandong Gold Company Review: The downfalls contributed to an increase in performance, the increase in self-generated gold was complete and listed during the reporting period, resulting in a significant increase in the combined caliber of self-produced gold production.
Quantity, 2023.10.29 tonnes of gold profitability has increased significantly. 24 years of company self-financed sales, 39.62 tonnes, +2.32%, unit sales, +14.99% to 451 yuan/g, unit cost + 3.68%
The core indicators continue to be optimized and resources used efficiently. 23 years through optimization of mining methods, enhanced technology management and on-site management, 23 years of company underground mines (excluding silver and Thai gold)
Mine selections ranged from +2.17 to 1.88 g/t, and mining losses increased by the same ratio - 0.36 centigrades, loss rates and poverty reduction contributed to the efficient use of resources and the full use of capital advantages to increase corporate profits.
The incremental project is progressing steadily. In 23 years, the company invested $570 million in prospecting, added 36.6 tons of gold and increased the amount of equity gold metal. In 23 years, the amount of gold was equal to +10.95 per cent to 1588 tons.
In January of 24 years, the mines have been approved for the resumption of capital production, the consolidation of the resources of the Kao family, the integration of the new city's gold resources, the Katino resource Namutini, among others, will now have an average post-natal year, and the company plans to produce no less than 47 tons of its own money for 24 years.
Risk of gold price volatility; project construction less than expected; safe environment management risks. - Scavengering access to more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market