Gold price increases the company ' s profits, reserves and yields are expected to continue to rise. Non-ferrous metals, precious metals, operating costs of $230/g per unit, an increase of $8/g over 2022, and a substantial increase in the company ' s value.
The increase is mainly due to silver and Thai gold, which is 2.5 tons higher; a 0.8-ton increase in the resumption of production of the gold mine to the east, a 0.4-ton increase in the total extraction of the gold mine from Beladero, and a 0.4-ton decrease in the number of difficult-to-metallurgical minerals. In 2024, the company’s gold production was planned to be no less than 47 tons, and the company will accelerate the construction of a world-class gold industry base, plus
The company’s gold production is expected to continue to rise as a result of the build-up of the Ghana Katino project, which aims to build up prematurely. The company’s gold production is expected to continue to rise as a result of the build-up project.
By the end of 2023, the company had 1,431 tons of gold, with an equity base of 1,283 tons; the gold reserve of 546 tons, with an equity base of 455 tons. This control of 157 tons of metal from silver and Thai gold reserves.
The company is in the process of transferring the right to prospecting in the Western Ridge gold mine at a price of $10.3 billion, which will further consolidate the company’s leading position in the domestic gold industry in the future.
Costs have increased over the period. The company has continued to deepen its efficiency gains, with sales costs falling in 2023 on a year-on-year basis. The three-quarter review of Shandong Gold (600547.sh)-2023 - a steady push of 16.6 per cent for priority projects. Management costs have increased by 8.2 per cent as a result of the company ' s expansionary pace in recent years.
Shandong Gold (600547.sh) — mid-2023, mid-point rating-gold prices, performance equal to cash of $9.18 billion in 2023 for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets, investment of $4.22 billion in cash, net cash of $10.19 billion in subsidiaries and other business units,
Financial costs increased by 49.3 per cent as a result of a significant increase in financing.
In addition, the production systems of the Trisan Island gold mines, the Western and Central Treasure companies, and the Gold Continent companies have gradually been optimized and their production capacity enhanced. In 2024, the company ' s gold production plan was to be no less than 47 tons, and the company would accelerate the construction of a world-class gold resource industry base, with a focus on the trisan sub-wells,
A blind service well, a new gold mine, a new gold mine, a well for the recovery of the gold well, a new gold mine, and the construction of the Garitán Ghana Katino project, which aims to achieve early delivery. Highlighting the catch of the gold mines, the deep expansion, expansion of the power, the return of the gold mines, the expansion of capacity, the Lacey company.
The company’s gold production is expected to continue to rise in the future, with the expansion of the infrastructure project and the expansion of the post-Medical gold industry. Figure 5: Company mineral gold production (tons)
Figure 6: Prices and unit costs (in dollar/gram) of the company’s mineral business units are ahead of resources, and gold reserves are expected to increase significantly. Companies have always insisted on the concept of “resources first, efficiency first, innovation first” and have continued to expand their reserves, improve the quality of resources and enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
Tons; gold reserves of 546 tons; equity benchmark of 455 tons. In addition, the new control of silver and Thai gold holdings + controls + extrapolates 147 tons of metal from gold resources, with 10 tons of gold metal and 157 tons of metal from less viable potential resources at this stage. Western Ridge gold mines are the largest single gold deposits found in the country to date to identify gold metals.
With a volume of 592 tons, a resource-rich and adjacent to the eastern side of the three mountain islands gold mine, along with billions of dollars, the company’s leading position in the domestic gold industry will be further consolidated in the future. Costs will increase during this period.
Mark, expands efficiency gains to areas such as “resource efficiency, technology efficiency”. In 2023, corporate sales costs fell by 16.6 per cent compared to the same year, while sales costs fell by 0.1 percentage points; management costs resulted in net cash payments of $10.19 billion from subsidiaries and other business units, resulting in a reduction in financial costs due to the acquisition of silver and Thai gold on the same scale of $1 billion.
The investment proposal is that the company is a leading industry business, focusing on the gold industry, and that many expansionary works are being carried out in an orderly manner. The author guarantees that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author