Profitability has remained stable; $4 billion has been financed to drive equipment development \triangleright revenue growth of 108%; $4 billion has been set aside for equipment development.
\triangleright Yoon Cao Wei, 1) Shen Fei Company: Main Batteries (covering special aircraft), UAVs, civilian spare parts,
Maintenance and repair of aircraft, etc... The revenue is 1.87 billion yuan, or 34.8 per cent; the net profit is 1,120 million yuan, or 30.7 per cent.
During the first half of the year, the company, as the “main force” for the construction of the modern aviation industry system, the redevelopment, titanium alloy industrialization, continued development, the new configuration of the aviation industry system, the implementation of high-level commercial UAV cargo projects and the acceleration of the expansion of the new industry, and the successful mobilization of $4 billion in additional funds to promote the construction of aviation weapons across the border.
1. China-China Shen Fei (600760/sh) 2024 Annual Report Review: Development, spectrometry expansion and scale delivery to speed up the construction of a modern aviation industry system.
Contract liabilities increased by 113 per cent; operating cash flows improved significantly. 1h25 The cost rate for the company period was the same as in \triangleright 2.
Evaluation: progress in contract signing affects short-term performance; firm public interest over 40 per cent of business plans are completed; profitability is assessed: performance continues to grow; 24-year business targets remain high
Investment proposals: companies as self-reliant “lead geese” for aeronautical science and technology, with ongoing \triangleright Ping-2024/04/30 multi-generational technologies
5. China’s Shen Fei (600760/sh) 2023 Annual Review: Power, a new generation of invisible fighter jets representing the cutting edge of China’s aviation industry.
The company fully utilizes the “chain length” of the air equipment chain, with annual net profits of $34.20 billion, $4.063 billion and $4.78 billion, respectively, corresponding to the current share price.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.