The mid-2025 mid-year review: adjusted progress in military delivery, delayed delivery of the first half of the year ' s partial model, and the stacking of product spectrums in favour of a new generation of fighters, led to a delay in the recognition of revenue: the first half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the year, when Shen was able to achieve an operating income of $14.628 billion, the first half of the second half of the second half of the second half of the year, the second half of the year, the second half of the year, the second half of the year, the second half of the year, and the second half of the year.
The decline in performance was mainly influenced by two factors: first, the phasing down in the delivery of air defence equipment products and the contraction in the size of the harvest as a result of product restructuring; and second, the decline in operating income and the reduction in direct reduction in profit space, although the impact was partially offset by the company ' s cost controls, which resulted in net gains.
In terms of the composition of the main battalion, air defence equipment as a core operating block, the changes in its collection directly dominated overall performance fluctuations, but the report did not separately disclose the specific value of the product.
Market expansion or exposure to fluctuations in demand in the industry, with the expectation that revenue will return to the same level.
The cost of R & D was reduced by 67.88 per cent to $182 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the project development mission cycle. Cash flows improved significantly in the first half of 2025, operating activities. Net cash flows changed from $5895 million in the same period in the previous year to $3,087 million in return for sales.
However, the stock turnover rate remains constrained by delays in supporting delivery. ▪ The company accelerated the new-productivity layout in the first half of 2025: a new generation of invisible fighter jets, a Paris flight exhibition, and a project to build capacity in the production line of restoration materials and titanium alloys, with no high-volume cargo.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): 2024: Airfreight project landed. In terms of capital operations, 4 billion dollars worth of shares have been raised from specific targets.
In terms of core competitiveness, companies strengthen their digitally intelligent manufacturing systems, making breakthroughs in the areas of reuse, applications, test-flying technology, etc.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): 3-quarter report 2024  profit forecast and investment rating: the company's performance meets market expectations, and we basically maintain the previous pre-evaluation: progress in contracting affects performance.
3) Production capacity is not as fast as expected. The three major financial forecasting tables for China Air Shen Fei have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) to qualify for portfolio investment advisory services.