Contract liabilities have increased significantly, building domestic + international double-cycle development patterns.
In China, Shen Fei (600760.sh), under the demand for downstream drop prices, the Māori rate changes less, reflecting the company’s ability to control the industry’s high chain costs as a host plant. The cost rate for the period was 3.7%, an overall increase of 0.4 pct over the same period, which is more stable.
Of this, the management cost rate was 2.7 per cent, an increase of 1.2 pcc from the same year, due mainly to the increase in repair costs and consumption of materials; the R & D cost rate was 1.2 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 pcc from the same year, due to the impact of the project development cycle.
On a quarterly basis, the q2 battalion collected $8.8 billion (yoy-27.5%, qoq+50.8%) and the mother ' s net profit, while Shen Fei received $13.87 billion (yoy-34.8%) and net profits of $1,120 million (yoy-30.8%). The subsidiary ' s partial relocation project is under construction and is expected to lead to the completion and testing of the new zone production line by the end of the year.
The construction of the new district at the end of the 26th year was complete. The industrialization of the materials, titanium alloys and the new layout of the aviation industry have continued.
Renovation of downstream needs and significant increase in contractual liabilities: $7.53 billion in contractual liabilities, representing a significant increase of 113.5 per cent over the beginning of the period, or related to the company’s production and delivery on orders.
The proposed capacity-building projects, such as composite materials, titanium alloys and aircraft maintenance, will enhance the company's air defence relative to 300-deep performance maps Capacity-building for equipment production, enhancement of its aviation defence equipment maintenance capability and vertical extension of the industrial chain.
After that, it is hoped that the support company’s aviation equipment will be built in a cross-cutting development, fratricidal expansion, and scalding delivery, accelerating the construction of a modern aviation industry system. Structural adjustments will slow down the acceleration of the main machine-type orders.
The company will benefit from the depth of the militarism. Generals of the Aeronautical Industries Group, as the core industry, are pushing for the construction of a new pattern of militarism that is mutually reinforcing in domestic and international circles.
Table 2: Corporate Financial Forecast Tables. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
First in the military industry and fourth in the New Wealth Corps in 2015. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact with the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics of the service, the concerns about its use and the risks or losses that may result if it is improperly used.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.