China Air Shen Fei (600,760) reports, deliver rhythmary pressure, order sufficient to ensure long-term growth - annual report of China Shen Flying 2025.
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2025 on 26 August, during which it realized a drop in operating income of 146.28. The performance was in line with expectations, with short-term fluctuations unchanged long-term trends The market value in circulation (million yuan):
The pace of preparation for delivery slowed and revenue recognition delayed; second, the product spectrum continued to tilt towards high-end aircraft, such as a new generation of invisible fighters, extending the production and delivery cycle for a short period of time. While revenue was lower than profits, the overall performance was in line with market expectations. Net corporate interest rates remained at around 7.7 per cent, with higher profitability.
Stable profitability, significant improvement in the quality of cash flow Stabilization, and higher net interest rates compared to the same period last year, reflecting cost control and cost optimization. On a quarterly basis, 2q25 single-quarter revenues were $8.79 billion, a 27.5 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a net return of $71 billion to the mother.
The improvement in operating cash flows is particularly significant: the net cash flow from operating activities in the first half of the year reached 3,087 million yuan, compared with 5895 million yuan during the same period last year. The increase in sales and service returns largely affected the company ' s rate of conversion into hand contracts. The overall cash flow has improved significantly in terms of quality and expansion of subsequent production.
Research by the Société Générale d’Etat – First Cover Report by China’s Shen Fei: Financial security through year’s experience and research and development inputs. Strategic upgrades and new productivity accelerate landings
The company continues to increase the deployment of new types of aircraft and advanced materials. During the first half of the year, the Da-35a stealth fighters showed up in Paris, representing the company at the forefront in the development and manufacture of a new generation of major fighters; Capacity-building for composite materials and titanium alloy production lines accelerated and deliveries were quantified for future stealth fighters.
At the same time, the high-volume UAV project is officially on the ground, expanding civil-military integration and reflecting the strategic configuration of corporate diversity; in terms of capital operations, the company has completed a four-billion-dollar build-up, mainly for local relocation projects and new material capacity-building to further enhance its productive security capacity.
At the same time, companies buy back and cancel 60,480,000 shares of restricted stocks, highlighting the managerial confidence in future development.
The cost structure of the company is divided: management costs rose by 20.43% to $392 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of repair, which continues to limit liquidity efficiency.
The core of air defence equipment is well established, and the military-traffic and civilian aircraft dual-wheel drive company, as the “China striker cradle”, has long been at the centre of our air defence system.
As an important supplier for the c919 project, the company is responsible for the production of key components such as the front and tail of the aircraft, along with the models of arj21 and a220 and the provision of spare parts for Boeing and Airfarers. As the country’s large aircraft industry is phased out, the company has long-term growth space in the civil aircraft market.
While the company’s short-term performance is subject to fluctuations in the pace of delivery, improved cash flows, higher contractual liabilities, and progress in new machine-style layouts provide the basis for robust growth in the medium to long term. Given the company’s unique advantages in the area of aviation defense equipment, and its deep involvement in the civil-air industry chain, we appreciate its long-term development potential.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating when manufacturing systems are upgraded and new-quality productivity evolves. Continued delays in the pace of downstream equipment delivery will place a gradual strain on corporate revenue recognition: at the same time, the pace of new engine development and the release of production capacity are less than expected, which may affect the performance of companies.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts