At the moment, it's undervalued, it's flexible in the future, Martinine. From the perspective of asset quality, the provision of a pool, new profits each year can cover the balance of non-performing loans in a comprehensive manner.
In terms of performance, the income end is improving on a quarterly basis. The growth rate of business income has been negative in 17 years, with 17q3 rising. In the future, under conditions of slower adverse generation pressure and better asset quality, the negative rates, late loan ratios, etc., are expected to be on a positive footing, or drive profit growth on a seasonal basis.
Quick. Operationally, credit resources are tilted towards retail sales, the scale of liabilities and interest rate stability and restructuring are expected to contribute to a steady recovery in net interest differentials, benefiting from rapid growth in bank cards and asset-hosting operations, and the performance of fees and commissions.
Net interest differentials are expected to rise to the bottom, and the recovery of interest rates is the most resilient contribution to profit growth. Assets end: benefiting from strong credit demand, higher loan interest rates, higher structural retail lending, higher asset end rate of return. Debt end: "Community statement plus peer liability" costs and size are relatively stable.
In the long term, if the liability structure were to be adjusted proactively, the overall cost of the end of the liability would be expected to be stable or even lower; the deposit structure showed a relatively good growth trend in current deposits, which was 51.14 per cent at the end of September 17, compared to June, and the current trend in deposits would help reduce the overall cost of the end of the liability.
Static measurement (based on data reported in mid-17 years), where all other factors remained constant, net interest differentials increased by 1.05 pc per 1 bp increase in net profit turnover and were shot in a large State-owned row, leading to robust operations and low regulatory pressure.
The share of total assets is 4.6%, well below that of small and medium-sized businesses; the share of bond investments is about 20%, and only 61 of the country’s valid tickets, involving less than 20 million fines, are the lowest in the country’s business.
▪ Business highlights: 1) credit card business is booming. Business is going on: the first step in business is to push a “cell credit card” and the rate of onlineization is increasing; the number of customers tied to the package is over 27 million, 59% more than at the beginning of the year; the Pacific Double-Money credit card brand with HSBC is well known in the country.
The strength of the outlet is clear. The figures show that credit card lending has exceeded 25% of individual loans in 17 years, and that the new component accounts for about one third of the new individual loans; credit card transactions have been fast-tracked by $1 billion, an increase of 37.88% over the same period.
At the end of June 17, personal financial assets were managed.
(aum) up to 2.8 trillion; close to 20,000 cash management group clients, compared to profit forecast and investment proposal: net interest differentials in transport banks are expected to hit bottom and income ends are improving on a quarterly basis, valued at 20171210
In terms of reporting, and also in terms of absolute valuation levels in terms of asset quality, we believe that the cost of transportation and silver plus debt; the macroeconomic downturn, with a significant deterioration in asset quality; and financial regulation exceeding expectations. 18pb is only 0.74 times higher, and its current position is undervalued.
In the case of 1.1x, the current pb(lf) is only 0.83x, and 18pb is only 0.74x, which is significantly lower than that of a colleague. Simplely speaking from the point of return on investment, the transport bank has a lower level of roe, with a certain level of reasonableness in the valuation discount, but significantly lower in range. In 2016, the roe level was 12.22%, compared to 12.22%.
In terms of asset quality, at the end of June 2017, traffic banks had a negative rate of 1.51 per cent and basically an average of 1.53 per cent for the larger bank (the Silver Supervisory Board data show that 17q4 countries had a negative rate of 1.53 per cent);
In addition, the net profit increase is about $70 billion a year, and net assets can be replenished, netting off dividends. Data on late loans have been steadily declining, with the current economic data improving and the quality of banking assets improving, and the current valuation level is significant.
The performance of 18 years is expected to improve. 1) The quality of assets is at the bottom of the scale. In terms of the indicator of bad rates, the rate of negative production has been declining, with the rate of negative annualization falling to 0.6 per cent in mid-17 years, the lowest level in the last five years; the negative effects of relative clientism have been eliminated; and the cost and scale of the end-of-debt “collaborative statement plus corporate liability” has been relatively stable over the long term.
The overall cost of the end of the liability is expected to stabilize or even decrease if the liability structure is adjusted proactively; the end of the asset benefits from the need for credit to thrive, the interest rate of the loan to rise, the structural retail loan ratio to rise and the asset end rate of return to rise; overall, the net interest differential is expected to hit the bottom or even rise.) The charges and commission net revenue performance is bright.
Quarterly non-interest income increased by 17.93% over the same period, with net revenue from fees and commissions increasing by 5.92% over the same period, with the highest rate of increase among major State-owned businesses. In terms of specific operations, bank cards and asset-hosting operations grew faster.
The growth in profits before the provision was 13.77 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the middle of the year, with negative turnover and an increase of 17q3 and business improvements; and cross-cutting gains are expected to increase on a quarterly basis in the context of a sustained improvement in asset quality.
Figure 2: Growth of the growth of the sector by season Figure 3: High growth of non-interest income and narrow decline in interest income Figure 4: High growth of the six major industries, ppop, in recent years
Figure 5: The overall improvement in the quality of assets handed over to the good 2. The pressure on the quality of assets is reduced, the indicators are better across the line; write-off efforts are stepped up to address stock failures and the credit structure is actively adjusted to manage incremental risks.
In the next few years, it has responded positively, with greater wind control and a more aggressive restructuring of the credit structure. In accordance with the letter authorization authority, it has been implemented by sub-branching and sub-branching.
In the last four years, a total of $77.2 billion in write-offs and transfers of non-performing loans, or about 75 per cent of the stock of overdue loans at the end of June 17, have been transferred.
The credit balance grew by only 4.4 billion at the end of the 16 years, while the balance of non-performing loans slowed down over the 17 years, the historical burden gradually diminished, and stock risks were phased out; (3) active restructuring of the credit structure. Wholesale retailing, manufacturing, is the industry that accounts for a relatively high share of the increase in the negative rate in recent years, and has been working over the past few years to restructure the credit structure and reduce the number of high-performing industries.
Loan allocation. Between the end of the 13-year period and the end of June 17, the total investment in wholesale and retail trade decreased by 68.25 billion, from 11.99 per cent to 7.40 per cent; the total investment in manufacturing decreased by 32.21 billion, from 19.3 per cent to an overall improvement in the asset quality indicator. The negative rate for the end of September was 1.51 per cent, the same as at the end of June; and the balance for non-performing loans was 32.21 billion.
Current macroeconomic performance is steady, and the main beneficiaries of the current round of economic recovery are large and medium-sized enterprises in China, China, China and South China, with a steady increase in the quality of assets expected to be delivered in the future, a slowdown or even a net reduction in the balance of non-performing loans, and a continued increase in the coverage of the provision, which is expected to increase risk resilience.
3. Behind the slower pace of scale: sound operations, less pressure on regulation, relatively slow pace of scale growth compared to small and medium-sized lines, but reflecting the soundness of their operations, with less stress at the present time. In the past few years, small and medium-sized banks have rapidly expanded the size of their assets by adding non-standard, business and investment operations.
This is also the result of the passing of the past “good business”, which was 4.6 per cent of non-target assets at the end of June, which is well below that of small and medium-sized businesses; the ratio of investment in bonds is about 20 per cent; and, in addition, the style of smooth trade operations is reflected in strict wind control and process regulation.
In addition to profit differentials, the contribution of the main drivers of profit growth has been positive. One of the five drivers of profit growth at the end of June of 17 years:) scale growth has contributed to profit growth by 27.49 per cent.
The highest in the public sector; (2) negative growth in non-interest-bearing income, with a contribution of 15.27 per cent to profit growth, and the highest in the State sector, with a steady increase over the past two years; (3) a negative shift in the contribution of the cost-earning ratio, from 15 years to 15 years in other State-owned sectors, with the main drag on the growth of cross-border profits.
We believe, however, that the level of interest differentials in future transport banks is expected to rise back to the bottom, and that interest differentials are the most resilient to profit-adding claims. Logically: 1) the negative impact of the 18-year-on-year “campaign increase” has been eliminated; 2) the asset end: benefiting from the high demand for credit and higher interest rates on loans; and the rising proportion of structured retail loans.
The asset end-of-end rate of return is up. 3) The end-of-the-life end of the liability is relatively stable in cost and size, with the overall cost of the end-of-the-debt if the liability structure is voluntarily adjusted over a long period of time and the deposit structure is expected to stabilize or even decrease; the growth trend in current deposits is relatively positive, with a net increase of $26.6 billion in current deposits at the end of September 17, compared to the end of June, and a proportionate share of the increase in current deposits.
In addition, according to our static calculations (based on data reported in mid-17 years), the net difference increases by 1 bp for all other factors, the net profit rate increases by 1.05 pc per transaction, the credit demand is strong in the country and the overall rate of return on loans is steadily rising. 1) The economy is stable and the enterprise ' s own financing needs remain constant.
At about the top of the scale, real economic financing needs are warming; and the main beneficiaries of this round of economic recovery are large and medium-sized enterprises, mainly from China, China, China, China, South and China. (In 17 years, big pmi were significantly higher than the Rhino Line, at 52% ~ 53%); 2) In a highly regulated context, the trend of “non-soldier” and “debt swaps” is evident.
The issuance of regulatory documents such as the Circular on the Regulation of Silver Letters, the Measures for the Administration of Credit Commissions in Commercial Banks, which regulates the provision of billions of yuan, part of the financing needs or the transfer of credits to the table. (3) Credit lines are tight in the second half of the year, and some of the projects will be put in reserve for 18 years. On balance, the demand for credit is strong, while the supply of credit is relatively tight.
In addition to limits, some banks, or because interest increases are expected to take the initiative to control the pace of credit delivery, expect a level of return on loans. Structuredly, the higher rate of return on retail loans, especially credit card loans, has increased. 1) The increase in lending is clear, with a sharp preference for retail loans. 40% of the 26.7 billion new loans in mid-17 years compared to the end of 16 years were retail loans, 40% of which were retail loans.
Credit card loans grew by about 40 billion, or nearly 13%. Over the past five years, the share of cross-directed retail loans was higher than the rate of rapid withdrawals (5.33%, far higher than the rate of 4.21% for public loans). Moreover, credit card loans have a higher rate of return, and the overall rate of return is expected in the light of the continued tendency of loan resources to tilt towards retail sales.
(ii) Credit card lending is growing rapidly in individual loans. According to statement data, credit card lending balances are over the period of time, the maturity of the loan is shorter, the interest rate can move faster and the weight can be significantly higher. In the interest rate up cycle, the shorter the loan is going to be done faster.
In addition, in historical data, the rate of return on loans from transport banks has been better at the rate of interest up the cycle, with benchmark interest rates for one-year loans increasing by 189 bps, 125 bps in 2006-07 and 10-11, respectively.
Increases to 163bps and 172bps are significantly better than other state-owned majors. 4.2. End of the line of liability: the cost of working together is stable, personal deposits are growing at a faster rate, the cost of working together liabilities is stable in size, and the cost of working together is stable, with a negative impact on marginality.
The share of “community debt + co-possessors” is relatively high, with 17q3 of about 23% (unclosed settlement deposits). From this point of view, peer interest rates are at a relatively high level, and there is limited scope for them to continue to rise significantly under the central bank’s “sound and neutral” monetary policy tone. And, according to the situation at the beginning of 18th year, they are issued with slightly lower interest rates.
Structurally, as deposits grow normally, maintaining the current level of corporate liabilities, or actively reducing them, would contribute to stabilizing the overall cost of the liabilities at the end of the debt. The trend towards deposit callout continued, with retail deposits growing at a faster rate.
In the past five years, the share of current deposits has risen steadily, from 45.08% in 13 years to 51.14% in late September 1717, and deposit currentization has helped to stabilize the cost of future deposits.
On the other hand, there has been a “good growth” in the turnover of retail deposits, with personal deposits rising steadily over the past three years, increasing by more than 7 per cent by June of the end of the 17th year, and gradually narrowing the gap with other State-owned majors.
5. Business highlights: credit card operations are booming and there are significant advantages in wealth management operations Credit cards and wealth management operations are driving a steady and positive growth in non-interest income.
Regulation, among other things, has led to a decline in the non-interest income of most banks. The rate of increase in non-interest income of the 16 top-listed banks declined from 7.49% at the end of the 16th year to 2.1% at 17h, but the rate of non-interest income from handouts has risen against the market, by 17.93% in the previous three quarters (of which the net income from fees and commissions has increased by 5.92% over the same period).
Maintaining a “stable growth” (stable at about 6% growth, leading the leading state-owned majors in the first three quarters of 17 years). The steady growth in transactional fees is underpinned by the long-term accumulation of business advantages such as its banking card operations, its wealth management operations, etc. Credit cards: the first case of “cell credit cards”, business flourishes.
Credit card business has a significant advantage. Credit card business, as the focus of the group's “low capital consumption, low-cost expansion” transformation, is being developed by self-accounting credit card centres, which have been growing rapidly in recent years. The main advantage is that: 1) the edge on the line is clear. In April 2017, the industry first pushed a “cell credit card” and issued industry standards, starting with a “second batch, second use,”
The second credit card model, with more than 1 million cards issued in the first half of the year, pre-empted the mobile credit card market. Complemented households, 59 per cent more than at the beginning of 2017, increased customer activity by 5 percentage points, and a rising rate of onlineization.
In addition, the introduction of "Video Service" (VVP) as a new business-initiated model of customer service through the introduction of "Video Service" (VVP) innovations, which can be broadcast live on-line. 2) Cooperation with HSBC Bank brings advantages in offshore business development. Transportation Bank and HSBC Bank joined forces to launch "China's Global Card - a Pacific Double-Money Credit Card for Transport Bank" as a major cross-cutting issue.
The card combines the dual advantages of a transport bank and HSBC “home and global” with more than 2,600 branches in more than 130 cities and cities; hsbc, the second largest financial institution in the world, has a perfect layout worldwide, with a fifth market ranking; and a cumulative consumption of $1.02 trillion in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.18 per cent over the same period and a market ranking.
4; credit card loans accounted for more than 25 per cent of individual loans in 17 years, and new ones accounted for about one third of new individual loans, with an annual compound growth rate of 22.07 per cent over the last three years, well above that of other state-owned majors. In addition, the credit card industry has generated significant intermediate business income for cross-border transactions, with 17h bank card charges of $7,763 million, an increase of 37.88 per cent compared with 37.88 per cent.
The largest driver of rapid growth in the first half of the year. 5.2. Wealth management has significant advantages, and wealth management has always been a cross-cutting advantage. 1) Wealth management, as a cross-line “one-line” of the two-way line, is
trillion dollars; close to 20,000 cash management group clients in the corporate business area, more than 10 per cent more than at the beginning of the year; 13.42 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, in the business area, in the trades of silver and silver, in the wealth management community. 2) “Word wealth” is targeted at high-value net customers, and brand advantages are evident. Similar to the “gold sunflower” clients recruited, “Word wealth” is specialized.
In recent years, the branding of high-value clients has increased, with the number of clients who have reached the target of 17h growing by 8.97% compared to the beginning of the year. Overall, the revenues of the transport banks have improved on a quarterly basis, with the same rate of growth being negative at 17q2 and negative at 17q3.
A higher rate of growth and better business performance; where the quality of assets continues to improve, the turnover of profits is expected to accelerate on a seasonal basis. See also the absolute valuation level in terms of asset quality, we believe that transport banks are undervalued to some extent. 1) Companies have more customers in large and medium-sized enterprises, or are affected by the economic landscape;
2. Over-intensity of financial regulation, which may have a negative impact on market sentiment, leading to a shift in investment style; 3) higher interest rates than expected or higher debt costs, with a negative impact on interest differentials; 4) significant decline in the profitability of enterprises in the event of a macroeconomic downturn, leading to deterioration in asset quality, which may seriously drag the banking sector
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board