The valuation had a stable return from a high-score red policy to restore space The net profit from double-sink development in 2016 increased by 3.51 per cent over the same period The annual report for 2016 was released late in the evening of the development of double-sink development (000895), resulting in a business gain during the reporting period
51,822 million yuan, an increase of 15.94 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $4,405 million; higher sales of meat products, on a year-on-year basis, but influenced by slower downstream demand and increased competition, resulted in a marginal decline of 0.27 per cent in the business income of the company ' s meat block and a decline of 0.15 percentage points in the Māori rate.
Companies continue to increase their technical inputs to enrich product categories by upgrading quality, improving smell, and developing new products. Seventeen years of down-road pig prices are expected to drive the slaughter rate up and improve Māori levels.
As the largest meat-processing enterprise in the country, the company's business is divided into two major sectors: slaughter and meat-processing, which have been well run over the years, with a high market share. In terms of intra-industry competition, the concentration of domestic slaughter is low, and the company's role as a leader is only about 6%.
Planning for the future development of the slaughter industry, standardized production by industry, will accelerate the integration of the entire industry, combined with the fall in the share of competitors, which pushes down pig prices and pushes small slaughterhouses out as doubles for the slaughtering dragonheads, s07905141001.
At the cost end, the prices of pigs go down, fuel slaughter, raise slaughter, raise the company's Māori level. On the meat plate, low-temperature products and deep processing of meat products are future trends, and companies are actively developing new products each year, as new products are marketed more and more.
There is some room for increasing the profitability of the company’s meat products, driven by consumption escalation. In addition, after the purchase of sfd open-source securities, Inc., companies can adjust the impact on the company’s cost end of the pork cycle by increasing imported meat.
In 2016, the company announced the establishment of a finance company, which is expected to raise capital through supply chain finance.
We see the development space that companies have not been able to develop as meat producers and the steady return from the company’s high-scoring red policies for years. Add to the current public-sector valuation, which is only 16 times higher, the lowest of food- and drink-listed companies, with a larger scope for restoration.
Figure 2: Two-Sink Development History pb Figure 1: Two-Sink Development Historype
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.