h Shares available for debt roll-out: limited impact of amortization, upscaling, 16/07/2024 Distribution of negative impact
Wu Xinxi, Research Assistant Lo Woo-Kang : China's announcement is safe and the company plans to issue the h shares outside the United States (2318.hk)
Overview of the terms of issuance: the size of the tradable sale is $3.5 billion and will expire on July 22, 2029. The premium rate should be set on July 15th, 2024, for the Chinese share of Sãh and the average price on the day of the transaction.
A 130% conversion price of any 20 trading days within a day could trigger a foreclosure mechanism.  Company announces that the net proceeds from the sale of convertable bonds are intended to be used to meet the group’s future financial-centred business development needs and to supplement the group’s capital needs; and to support the group’s medical, old-age, new war.
Business needs for modest development; also used for general corporate purposes. It is worth noting that the recent multi-household Internet and technology companies have issued dollars for debt swaps, not too much for a “transferable + debt repayment + synchronized buy-back” strategy that allows low interest rates to be swapped for high interest rate debt, which reduces the debt ratio, and changes it.
Good debt structures and returns to existing shareholders through buy-backs. There are no buy-backs or debt repayments at present, and there are no durable debt issuance arrangements for life insurance, so short-term market prices are under pressure, mainly because of concerns about the risks associated with property exposure at the group level, and we suggest that attention be paid to the performance of follow-up dividends.
The impact on the company’s financial indicators is spread over 3.1 pct., and the impact on net assets per share is largely negligible when transferred. If bonds are converted at the initial conversion price of HK$43.71 per share, they can be converted to approximately 625 million shares without issuing other shares.
About 8.39 per cent of the total number of shares issued on the Group ' s bulletin date and 3.43 per cent of the total number of shares issued, as well as about 7.74 per cent of the total number of shares issued by the Group following the full conversion of bonds and 3.32 per cent of the total number of shares issued. As of the end of 2023, China was safe.
At the end of 1q24, the combined solvency rate for life, birth, old-age and health risks would be 206.0 per cent, 199.1 per cent, 296.0 per cent and 318.7 per cent, respectively; and the core solvency rate at the end of 1q24 would be 118.8 per cent, respectively.
Controllable, but persistently low interest rate environments impose constraints on the distribution of group dividends. The availability of debt swaps will help the group achieve a more stable distributional policy and continue to deepen its strategy of “composite finance plus health care.”
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Transfers are limited, and long-term dividends for the purchase of financial equity will significantly reduce the negative impact on stock prices if the spread of the swaps can be stabilized or even increased. We expect that the profit forecast will be maintained.
China Peace (601318) Quarterly 2024: Stocktaking: Value Growth Over-expected, Cost Control Help Down, Real Estate Risk Exposure Accelerating Exposure
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.