Mid 2024: New business warmth-driven value and gain, Wu Xinxi, research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang.
Long-term investment returns assumed at the end of the year were 4.5 per cent (4078 million yuan); the three core operations of the Life Bank, which together amounted to 79,565 million yuan, representing an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period, specifically, life/product/banks and -83.2 per cent, of which the profit-earning stock of the land-based bank had dragged the technology plate and the management plate had been reversed significantly.
The company intends to send short-term dividends of $0.93 per share of cash to its shareholders, slightly higher than the rate of growth in the opat. Performance is on track. The balance of csm is on a steady downward trend under the high nbv base. 1h24 achieved nbv
22,320 million yuan, an increase of 11.0 per cent over the same period.
/Per capita per month, nearing a better level than ever before. The performance and productivity of the external channels of silver insurance have increased by the same margin, and this has stopped for the first time since the indicator was disclosed, as a result of a reduction in the contribution of new business, an improvement in the estimation of adjustments, and a reduction in the amortization of csm, which has led to an improvement in the dynamic energy released to future profits.
▪ Guarantee insurance is gradually emerging from a huge deficit. 1h24 insurance coverage has increased by 7.2 per cent over the same period, and is attributable to: 1. Insurance profits have increased by 15.7 per cent over the same year, benefiting from a decrease in the combined cost rate (cor) compared to 6.7 per cent over the same period; 3.1h24 vehicle insurance/non-car insurance coverage (excluded from guarantee)/guaranteed insurance coor, respectively
▪ The annualized combined investment rate of return is close to the various actuarial assumptions. 1h24 The impact of the reduction in the maturity rate of return on beneficial assets of the portfolio. Improved total/combined investment returns are the result of significant improvements in portfolio investment margin income and fair value change gains and gains and gains, as well as the ongoing contribution of the fvoci class of assets.
Peace in China (601318): h Shares can be transferred up to 15.4 per cent of life and health insurance annual roev end-of-term group/life and health insuranceev.
Free surplus market value adjustments, operating experience differences and other contributions, end-of-cycle prices per share.
Figure 1:1h24 China’s safe distribution of parent operating profit composition and rate of increase
Figure 5: End-of-cycle decline in csm as a result of a narrow reduction in the contribution of new operations, estimated figure 6: Real estate investments at 4.0 per cent of total investment assets, lower than at the beginning of the year
(2) Direct calculations may not be equal due to rounding, and Dong Wu Securities Inc. has acquired the qualifications of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.