A number of initiatives have been launched to revive the pig-breeding business, and now the company’s pig-breeding business has been hit hard by a non-pest disease. First, the pig-breeding system has been destroyed, and the share of extra pig-planted pigs in new pigs in 2020 is high.
• Corporate initiatives to restore the competitiveness of pig-bearing operations. In 2020, the company pushed for changes in its management and organizational structure to adapt to non-pest control patterns.
The industry is new; the firm-plus farm-farmer business model of two companies has been in operation for more than 30 years, and is gradually being upgraded to the company-modern farming area model of 3.0 and will be transformed into the company-modern estate-plus-occupational farmer model of 4.0 in the future.
The company's bio-safety strategy, which compares prices to 300 deep, seeks to improve the system of anti-control support facilities and standards and to minimize the threat of disease. 3 companies have refocused their pig-breeding operations from pursuing the number of pigs to optimizing the number of them.
Structurally, at the end of the season, the company’s high-prevalence hog stock ratio rose by 25 per cent, or more than 90 per cent. ..The company’s cost of raising pigs will be two-fold higher.
Up to more than 90%, the pig's full self-sufficiency will be achieved at a later stage, and the cost of the pig's chain will be reduced significantly; about 500 million; again, the depreciation amortization fee will fall as the number of exits rises.
In August 2018, when the first African swine epidemic hit the country, the non-pig epidemic hit the country’s pig-breeding industry, and the company’s pig-breeding business was severely hit.
First, the company’s pig-planting system was disrupted. In 2020, the company’s book value as a share of the book value of the new pig-plant rose significantly to 36%, and the number of pig-buying companies reached 2 million.
Once again, the cost of a company ' s commodity pig farming has risen considerably. In 2016-2018, the cost of a company ' s commodity pig farming was set at $10.8-10.9 per kilogram, rising to $12.1 per kilogram in 2019 and $23.3 per kilogram in 2020, respectively, in line with the increase in the number of out-of-country pig buying, the decline in the number of commodity pigs, the decline in efficiency of the triple-dollar pig and the increase in the cost of vaccinations.
These factors are directly linked to the increase in surrogate fees and the decline in the listing of piglets. 2 initiatives to improve the competitiveness of pig operations 2.1 promote organizational restructuring and bold start-up of newcomers
In 2020, the company pushed for a change in its management and organizational structure to adapt to the new business landscape of Africa’s pigpest control and control. The company promoted the division of the organization and the transformation of the small management unit, dividing the original pig industry into three, establishing the Ministry of Pigs, the Ministry of Pigs Industry and the Ministry of Pigs Industry.
In addition, the company’s bold introduction of a line of successful managers with extensive experience as Managing Directors of the two Ministries of Business has been very effective in stimulating the rapid growth of cadres. In addition, the company has developed a system of “one-size-fits-all, one-size-fits-all” incentives to encourage grass-roots employees to “do more.”
Hen, a three-tier corporate team performance appraisal incentive, which highlights performance orientation and motivates cadres to engage fully in the process of rebirth.
The company has been operating for more than 30 years, depending on the technical difficulties, management requirements, labour intensity, and resource allocation in the chain of farming industries.
:: Modalities and cooperation among cooperative farmers in the production chain; companies are responsible for the management of pig varieties, seedlings, feed production, technical guidance, marketing, etc., and the establishment of support systems to provide cooperative farmers with chicken seedlings, pig seedlings, fodder, medicines, vaccines and livestock management in their production processes, disease control, environmental management, etc.
Critical link technical support and services; cooperative farmers are responsible for the construction of chicken and boar production units on their own or rented land. Upon certification by the company, farmers pay a certain cooperation bond, open their accounts and enter into a legally binding contract for commissioned farming, and receive supplies for farming such as chicken seedlings, piglings, feed, medicines, vaccines, etc.
The company’s technical and managerial standards regulate the raising of meat; the company is responsible for the sale of meat and pork when they reach the standard age of being marketed. Finally, the company settles the farm fees in a manner agreed to by the commissioning contract with the farmers.
Version 2.0, "Corporate + Family Farm" model, which is being gradually upgraded to version 3.0, "Corporate + Modern Farming Zone" model, will be transformed into version 4.0, "Corporate + Modern Industrial Park + Working Farmers" model. The central objective of each model will be to raise the level of farm farming, mechanization, automation and intelligence of cooperative farmers to keep up with it.
The efficiency and effectiveness of cooperative farming, while ensuring the overall benefits of cooperative farming, have further reduced the overall cost of corporate farming. Since 2020, corporate capital investment and construction in progress have increased significantly.
At present, there are about 20% of modern farming districts in the company’s pig production business, and about 50% of them are expected to grow in the next five years.
One company invests in the construction of standardized farms to attract farmers to small farming areas in cooperation with the company, which is the main form of the company ' s current farming areas: 2 cooperative farmers invest in the construction of standardized farms in small farming areas in accordance with company standards, in cooperation with the company
This group of farmers is usually long-term cooperative farmers of companies, with long-term cooperation agreements with companies;
The model of “Corporate + Modern Industrial Parks + Professional Farmers” is a conglomerate of livestock farming, processing, distribution, etc., which is initially planned to be designed on a scale of 500,000 to 1 million live pigs per year of high quality.
Establishment of administrative and technical services, including industrial operating management headquarters, technology service centres, testing platforms, etc.; construction of relevant support facilities for the industrial chain, including feed processing plants, animal slaughtering plants, warehousing logistics bases, etc.; and construction of environmental and resource-based treatment and utilization facilities, including sewage treatment facilities, waste disposal facilities, and resourceization
The company, as the implementing entity of modern agro-industrial parks, is both a major investor and an operational manager.
In addition, the company works with outside third-party enterprises or professional bodies, the government, or its holdings.
The platform collaborates at the investment, construction, operational and other levels.1 Since the onset of the non-pest disease epidemic, companies have implemented a precautionary approach to biosafety prevention and control, and have worked to improve the systems of prevention and control support and standards to minimize the threat of disease.
(ii) Improvement of hardware support facilities for biosafety control. Construction of additional support facilities such as disease surveillance laboratories, level-II cleaning centres, material transit stations, equipment for disinfection facilities in pig farms, physical isolation, etc.
3. Revision of the Biosafety Prevention and Control Manual. Upgrading of the standards of control and control, improvement of the various stages, process detection programmes, activation of new technology applications such as infrared imaging, swabs, antibody testing, full-cover detection and grid-based management; 4. Full use of information technology.
Monitoring data management systems, etc., to enhance real-time monitoring of effectiveness; 5. Strengthening control process management. Strengthening biosafety management processes such as "one-way flow, clean partitioning, effective disinfection"
(b) Effective operation of the biosafety line;