The advantages of industrial chain integration are significant, with significant growth in performance \triangleright \triangleright
>Industrial chain integration has gained significant advantages and performance has increased significantly. The company ' s 21q4 net return on coal prices has been measured to fall, and raw material cost pressures have declined. Throughout the year, self-produced coal production has increased as a result of improved integration of the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon and coke industry chains, effectively mitigating the impact of large increases in raw material prices;
In addition, at the same time that the prices of the company ' s products are increasing, the company continues to optimize the structure of the process and improves its efficiency significantly, while the Fahrenheit plate: the price of the product remains high and the new capacity is about to come into production, and the 22-year Fahrenheit plate is expected to perform well \triangleright
On the one hand, according to wind, polyethylene and polypropylene prices have fallen since the four-quarters compared to their three-quarter peaks, but the fall has not been significant, and it has remained at a high level in recent years, with the price of raw materials falling in combination with coal, and the product price gap has increased again, with 22 years of single-ton profits being strongly supported.
The 1 million tonnes/year NFO project is expected to be gradually operational in the second half of 2022, and the capacity of the postnatal company will increase. In addition, the 250,000 tonneseva installation is planned to be completed by 2023, and the 4 million tonnes in Mongolia is steadily advancing.
Charcoal plate: New capacity is in production, with immediate release. The company has built 3 million tonnes/year \triangleright by the end of the 21st year, and the company ' s coke capacity has increased from 4 million tonnes to 7 million tonnes.
Under the “double carbon” goal, the company is actively promoting solar-powered hydrogen storage. The company’s national solar-powered hydrogen storage and application demonstration project has been fully operational by the end of 21st year, producing 240 million metrics a year.
Hydrogen and 120 million metrics of “green oxygen” could lead to an additional reduction in coal resource consumption of about 380,000 tons, a new reduction in carbon dioxide emissions of about 660,000 tons per year, and a 5% annual total of carbon emissions from new chemical-reducing plants. A “recommended” rating would be maintained to the extent that the performance growth resulting from the company’s future productive capacity is positive.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.