The Center for Resources and Environmental Research has once again demonstrated cost-control capabilities, with a steady increase in overall performance.
On 9 March, the company published its annual report, which achieved business income of $23,300 million in 2021, an increase of 46 per cent over the same year, and a net profit of $7,070 billion to the mother, an increase of 53 per cent over the same year.
In 2021, the raw materials of the country went through a significant price hike, but the price increase was relatively small. In the process of narrowing prices across the industry, companies focused on their own cost optimization and cost controls, and remained relatively profitable in a context of relative pressure on the industry, on the one hand.
During the production process, the company further optimized its production technology by achieving a further downswing in the consumption of coal for methanol raw materials and methanol for vinyl, which led to a decline in the consumption of raw materials, while 1. " A steady increase in performance with cost control advantages "
The company’s production lines are operating efficiently, and the overall production capacity has been further enhanced to a greater extent to withstand pressure from the industry’s price differentials.
Four quarters of the company’s product sales ring has been raised, and coke operations have supported overall profitability. Four quarters of the company has achieved further increases in sales of acrylic hydrocarbons and coke, and sales of acrylic hydrocarbons have been raised by about 17% of the ring, 3.
The price of coke sold by the Division is still relatively high, and most of the company's coal-fired raw materials are self-sufficient, leading to higher profitability in the coke business, while the industry as a whole has reduced prices for the HC, and the company 4. Coalification is a two-wheel drive, and the capacity is growing.
At the same time, four quarters of companies focus on cost control, while overall profitability remains relatively good. Green hydrogen drives the company’s sustained growth, and sustained incremental projects sustain the company’s growth.
Its own forward-looking layout and geographical advantages, the small-volume replacement of fossil energy through the Green Hydrogen Project, the gradual reduction in the number of projects that are not expanding each year and the technological capabilities that are being optimized, the scaling-up of replacements, and the creation of more space for companies to continue to develop in the future.
The 3 million tonnes of coke project will gradually contribute to performance, and the Ningdong III, IV, and Inner Mon projects will hopefully follow each other, leading to sustained growth of the company. The current crude oil price increases will drive up the price of the hydrocarbon, while gradually increasing the price differential of the company’s products.
Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn has continued project production in the future, predicting a net return profit for the company in 2022-2024
yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn Risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil and coal prices, double-carbon policy affecting new project approval winds, project starters are not getting the score, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment