The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has achieved steady growth in its performance, with cost-control advantages highlighted by the fact that on 12 January, the company issued a performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to achieve a net return on its own by 2021.
The company’s performance has grown steadily, with cost advantages guaranteeing a good profit base. According to the company’s performance, the net return profit achieved by the company in the fourth quarter was approximately $1.488-1882 billion, an increase of 1.2 to 27.9 per cent over the same period.
There are significant upward pressures, and companies are still able to keep their overall performance up to a certain level, highlighting the public sector ' s own management advantages over production costs and product operations, thus maintaining a good profit base in the face of overall profit-taking in the industry.
Coal price rises affect profit margins, double-lined distributions Carta provides good performance assurance, and new production capacity is expected to further optimize the existing profit margins. The price of coke in the country remains high in the fourth quarter, and based on the North West coke price index, the average of coke in the fourth quarter is still high.
2021_10.20 Price rings raised by approximately $115 per ton over the third quarter, maintaining a significantly high level, while the cost of raw materials is relatively stable and is expected to drive the profitability of the company’s products as a result of the company’s self-sufficiency in the coal-fired area
3. Coalification is a two-wheel drive, and the expansion of capacity is in good shape. At the same time, the company’s 3 million-tonne/year intensive multi-production project is about to come into operation, which will further expand the company’s ability to produce coke.
The short-term pressure of the coal-based hydrocarbon operation, which is expected to recover gradually and continue to improve performance through increased production, has been reduced to a certain extent in the fourth quarter, as a result of a significant increase in coal prices.
As a result, a short-term pressure on the profitability of coal-based acrylic products was created, but in one quarter the company’s original coal prices were gradually reduced and the cost pressures on raw materials were reduced, which is expected to lead to a gradual recovery in the profitability of existing coal-based acrylic acrylic operations.
Set, three phases are still under way to provide additional production capacity for the company in the following year, and the subsequent insider project is moving forward, leading to a clear increase in production and performance growth for the company. Companies are more competitive in the coal-based industry chain, and are expected to return to normal production prices.
Maintenance of a better level of profitability, good industrial base for coke operations, forecasted company Chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn in 2021-2023
yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn The construction of the new project has not progressed as expected; the risk of high volatility in product prices; the risk of large fluctuations in raw material prices; and the risk of policy changes affecting the company ' s future new productive capacity.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment