On 9 March, the company published its annual report for 2021. According to the announcement, the company achieved revenue in 2021.
• Actively safeguarding the supply of the controlled version, and companies facing high raw materials growth guarantees profit growth.Figure 1 company's quarterly profits in 2021 (Billions of Dollars, %)
In 2021, the price of coal, the company's main raw material, rose nearly twice the same time.
In the case of raw materials, companies actively contact old and new suppliers, while introducing Xinjiang high-hot coal as a supplement to ensure a stable supply of raw materials; and in the case of pre-arranged coal prices to avoid high-priced stocks in a timely manner.
Loss of price; reduced costs through more cost-effective modes of transport. In the process, company mto devices consumed 2.852 tons of methanol (distilled methanol) per ton, 0.033 tons less than in the same period of the previous year; demethane towers received an increase from 0.29 to 0.53 per cent.
Coal alone consumption of coal-based methanol in Methanol I and II plants (a 5,400 kcal equivalent) of 1.41 tons, 1.37 tons, or 0.07 tons less than in the previous year. Production has increased on the same basis with no change in the capacity of coke, polyethylene and polypropylene. At the same time, production of mto-grade methanol has increased by 457,000 tons.
The same-year increase of 1.27,000 tons reduces the outsourcing of methanol and saves on procurement costs. • Green development + high-end material layout, with vast scope for company development.
The project, using internationally advanced technology and equipment, introduced the direct supply of “green hydrogen” “green oxygen” to chemical plants, replacing raw coal, fuel coal, hydrogen and oxygen production, reducing coal consumption by about 400,000 tons per year, reducing carbon dioxide emissions by about 700,000 tons per year, and reducing chemical clothing annually.
5% of total carbon emissions. Since 2022, the company has planned to invest 250-300 million yuan per year to develop polypropylene smelting fingers, thin wall emulations, high-end polyethylene products based on market demand, such as central melting with k8009, high-melt with k7726h, opening linery 7042h, thin walling.
m600e, etc., with a trial output of metallic polyethylene m3506rti, m6040 and m2310. As the construction of the project progresses, the company has initially developed a ladder structure for generic, proprietary, metallic and eva products, with higher value added.
In December 2021, the Central Economic Workshop proposed that “new renewable energy sources and feedstocks should not be included in total energy consumption control.” The new regulations provide greater room for total energy consumption in the chemical industry, but
In the list published by the China Petroleum and Chemical Federation, the company ranked first in the coal-based industry, with the lowest energy consumption and relatively advanced environmental technologies, the energy-intensive industry, the energy-intensive industry, and the energy-intensive industry.
Figure 4 Performance of companies is below expectations; prices of raw materials fluctuated significantly; prices of products fell sharply; and owner-owned coal.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.