Net profit of $7.34 billion, or 51.3 per cent; net cash flow of operating activities of $6.49 billion, or the same ratio
The price of each product has risen, but the Māori rate of the HFA operation has been affected by the rise in the price of raw materials, which is significant. For \triangleright, the carbon production was 4.5460 million tons, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period, with a combined production of polyethylene and polypropene.
In terms of prices, the average unit price of polyethylene, polypropylene and coke increased significantly by 91.2 per cent for coal purchases of raw materials for gasification purposes, respectively, with a smaller impact on the single price increase for the FFA product, the price differential for the FFA product was reduced and the Māori rate decreased by 10.5 percentage points.
The cost advantages of coal-based hydrocarbons are highlighted by high crude oil prices. From the beginning of 2022 to the end of March 8, the prices of the raw materials in Brent, the Royal Qin powered coal market and the spot price of propane increased by 64.5%, 17.5% and 30.8%, respectively, with the lowest increase in the cost of coal-based feedstocks.
The cost advantages of the coal-based acetylene process are gradually being highlighted. The new project is moving steadily and growth is expected to materialize gradually.
The coal-based hydrocarbons and the c2-c5 integrated use of the hydrocarbons project are scheduled to be launched in late 2022 and early 2023; 2) 4 million tonnes/year (a phase 2.6 million tonnes/year) of the coal-based hydrocarbons project in Mongolia has been declared for formal construction pending approval; 3) the company will also aim to complete phase 4 coal-based hydrocarbons in Ningdong by 2022
Project approval process and construction start. Carbon operations: 3 million tonnes/year coke-carrying multi-fired stoves 1. Treasure energy (600989.sh) 2021 performance forecast.
Under the "Dual Carbon" target, the company actively promoted the solar electrolytic hydrogen project.
The hydrogen production capacity of 240 million metric tons per year (214,000 tons) can reduce the consumption of some 380,000 tons of coal, and the energy of the New Year (600989), benefiting from expansion of capacity and production, increasing and reducing carbon dioxide emissions by about 660,000 tons, and 5 per cent of the total annual carbon emissions from new chemical abatement devices.
From 2022, the company plans to increase the green hydrogen output by 300 million metrics per year, and to add new and reduced chemicals for the year.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.