It's very profitable, it's very carbon-neutral, and it's a huge source of energy (600989.sh)
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) is good for profitability, carbon is strong, and there is a lot of room to grow. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of billions dollars, +53.0 per cent. We maintain a surplus based on the evolution of the price of coal in new production capacity, products and raw materials.
The profitability of vinyl hydrocarbons has declined in the same year, the profitability of coke has increased in the same year, and there has been a slight decrease in the profitability of the raw materials from coal. In 2021, the sales prices of corporate polyethylene and polypropylene were 7329.7 and 7657.2 tons, respectively, an increase of 17.9 and 9.9 per cent in the same year.
• New production capacity continues to advance, carbon is laid and growth space is opened
In the first half of 2022, production was completed and 200,000 tonnes/year styrene packages were completed by the end of 2022 The first half of the year was completed.
The green hydrogen project: The solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and application demonstration project will be fully operational in the first quarter of 2022, producing 240 million metrics of green hydrogen and 120 million metrics of green oxygen per year, followed by a 300 million mark/year increase in the production of green hydrogen, which will take 20 years to achieve corporate carbon neutrality.
The government reports, the industry's 14th Five-Year Plan explicitly supports the coal-based fertilisers.
Modern kerosene industries, such as hydrocarbons. "Contribution to raw materials is not included in total energy consumption control" has led to land and coal prices being re-priced for coal-based hydrocarbons, and the energy consumption target for green dragons is down by about 70% in carbon. Policies support wind-fired power generation and electrolytic hydrogen as replacements for coal-based hydrogen.
The company’s new production capacity, the green hydrogen project, is expected to continue to benefit. The main industry is expected to increase its profitability. Oil prices go up, but domestic coal prices are one.
The tri-quarterly report - high coal q3 performance is policy bound to a certain extent, and the profitability of the coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerosis is more pronounced than in the larger refineries. As the two meetings and the contraction, the coal prices go down and the projects go to the corner.
The Paralympics will end with a steady build-up of expectations, the price of coke rebounds, and the profits of coke are expected to increase.