It's quite obvious that there's a huge amount of energy.com.tw.
With steady growth in performance, the hydrogen energy industry contributes to green development, with a clear cost advantage, a leading technology, and an early deployment of the hydrogen industry, carbon abatement measures, and a more high-quality green development path in the future.
The price of the main product rose and the company ' s profits increased: in 2021, the prices of the company ' s main product were substantially higher than in the previous year, and the advantages of integration became more apparent, effectively mitigating the year ' s sharp rise in the price of raw coal.
Rich, following up with 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-composite project, expected to release capacity in 2022; Ning 3 issues of 500,000 tonnes/year of coal-based hydrocarbons and 500,000 tonnes/year of c2-c5 integrated use of hydrocarbons project, with 250,000 tonnes/year of installations, Methanol and HC project planned for 2022
Underground construction, the eva installation was completed in 2023 and 250,000 tonnes of capacity were planned in Ningdong IV; the 4x1 million tonnes/year coal hydrocarbon demonstration project is accelerating the Circulation Review approval, with institutional investors expected to account for the share in circulationa
Construction was completed in 2023. The company’s industrial chain layout was closely linked, and the products of the previous unit were directly linked to the next unit, which provided a strong guarantee of stable supply of raw materials and full production capacity.
Increased investment in hydrogen energy to guarantee long-term growth: the company's hydrogen industry, deeper integration of hydrogen energy with the company's chain of circular economy, and the construction of a national solar-powered hydrogen storage and application demonstration project have been completed. The project uses an efficient alkaline cell of 1,000 metrics/hours of single-scale production capacity for hydrogen.
Equipment, accompanied by corresponding hydrogen compressor and storage equipment, can produce 240 million “green hydrogen” and 120 million “green oxygen” annually. The “green hydrogen” “green oxygen” produced by the project will be supplied directly to chemical-industrial installations, replacing raw materials such as coal, fuel coal, hydrogen and oxygen production, and will reduce coal consumption by about 380,000 tons per year.
New CO2 emissions are reduced by about 660,000 tons per year, and new CO2 emissions from chemical plants are reduced by 5% per year. In addition, the company plans to put 30-40 new electrolytic tank hydrogen units into operation each year from 2022, with an additional production of about 300 million hydrogen per year.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.