There's much to be gained from the big casks, the heavy-cancer policies, and the new energy layout is full of speed, and there's much to be gained from the big casks.
High barriers to wood engines, higher costs in wood generators, technological thresholds, high 05/06/2025, large international plants such as Conmines, mtu and others dominated the high-end wood market, but they're still in the middle of the world.
The data centre is the largest division of high-end wood production, with a market share of about 40%. Aaidc infrastructure drives demand for wood.
Quick upgrades, but because of engine capacity constraints, the supply of aidc wood is too high. The company's big engine business is moving into a high-speed development phase, with high-end markets like data centres, mine cards, and so forth, Lee Xiaoyang.
A sustained breakthrough was achieved, with more than 8,100 large-cylinder engine sales in the 2024m series, yielding the same income compared to the projected high-speed growth in the central product, which is expected to lead to a further increase in market share and profitability. The end-of-life renewal policy rehabilitated the heavy-card industry, benefiting both the company engine and the whole end of the vehicle.
Gas trucks and four national cars are included in the end-of-life renewal subsidy, and the policy stimulus is expected to lead to a year-round heavy card sales of over 1 million. Gas heavy card policies are over-expected, fuel price differentials and 12mtha share price ranges are on fire.
Heavy card sales are expected to increase. The market share of the gas heavy card engine was 59.6% in 2024, and heavy card engine operations are expected to grow robustly, stimulated by the end-of-life renewal policy.
In the last year, the new energy industry, the new stock-to-smoking industry, compared to the 300-to-the-skinner, was officially launched, and the new energy source tried to double its income in 2025.
The annual report shows a remarkable increase in engine profit rates. In 2024, the company achieved an increase in revenue that was largely flat, net profit was increased, engine sales and revenues fell slightly, profit rates were increased by 4.80 percentage points, and segment performance was higher than the previous +34.67 per cent.
Value, high sales of Maori products have driven the overall Māori up, and engine operations have continued to rise since their lowest levels in 2022, reaching their highest levels in almost six years. Among subsidiaries, heavy steam, and net profits have increased, with a doubling of net profits.
The efficiency enhancement plan, which was faced with a one-time expenditure of approximately Euro240 million in 2025, began in 2026 with robust corporate engine owners, high value added, higher sales of Maori products, deep-deep drops, and a significant increase in profitability. Looking ahead in the short term, it is expected that the old new policy will boost the volume of heavy card sales.
We're looking forward to a rapid transformation of the company's performance, a strong post-market, a big, hard-to-do, a big, non-road market.
The company is expected to make a net return profit in 2025-2027, and to take up the catalysts of the old for new and the fast growth of the big tank, and we look at the company's growing profitability and its ability to move up to a "buy-in" rating.
Sales are not as risky as expected, oil and gas prices are reduced, gas heavy card sales and penetration rates are not as promising as 1aidc wood, large cylinders are likely to have a high barrier to 1.1 wood generators, and engine breakthroughs are achieved in countries such as ridges.
Engines are more expensive in the wood generators, with high technological thresholds, high financial requirements, and fewer suppliers. Diesel generators are diesel-powered, power-generating independent power supply equipment units for generators, with a simpler structure, mainly based on a simple structure.
The diesel engine, generator, control module is composed of three main components, which, according to the " th company ' s strategy for the marketing and optimization of diesel-powered products, is 65% of the fuel-drilling unit. The diesel processors have high technical thresholds, high financial requirements, and mainstream diesel engines.
There are foreign brands such as Commins, Caterpillar, mtu, etc., as well as wood and wood, which are expected to be 22.2 billion United States dollars in 2027, of which the Chinese market accounts for 29%. According to qyresearch, 2022 is a global wood generator.
The size of the cluster market is $15 billion, projected to reach $22.2 billion in 2027, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.18 per cent. Of this, the size of China’s wood engine market was $4.2 billion in 2022, and is projected to reach $6.4 billion in 2027, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.94 per cent.
Large international factories such as Cummings, Mtu, which dominate the high-end wood market but have limited production capacity, and diesel-producing machines such as Cinderella, have made a breakthrough. Because of the high-end diesel engine technical barriers, international giants such as Cummings and Mtu dominate the high-end market, most of which are in the original.
Mainly installed, more robust, and more expensive. National and oem manufacturers' main services, mid-end high-end markets, gradually increasing market share based on productivity and turnover advantages, national origin in 2024, successfully winning the 2025 match for firewood.
The data centre is the largest disaggregated area of high-end firewood, accounting for about 40% of the market share.
In 2019, the data centre accounted for about 40% of the market share of the high-end firewood market, which is represented by data centres, real estate, manufacturing and transport. And we can also see that the generator unit does not account for a very high share of the overall diesel market, according to company "th."
A study on optimal marketing strategies for diesel-fueled generator group products, which in 2020 accounted for only 3 per cent of the sales of fuel oil machines. 1.2 The capacity of engines is limited, the supply of aidc wood is in short supply, and the company has a large tank.
In the critical infrastructure of the data centre, the diesel generator unit is critical as a backup power supply system, accounting for 23% of the capital costs. In the event of power failure in the city, the diesel unit will be able to fast-start and maintain a stable output power supply and secure the data centre.
It's a reliable operation until the city's electricity is fully restored. The share of the wood generator in the infrastructure costs of the data centre is as high as 23%, which is sufficient to demonstrate its indispensability in ensuring the steady operation of the data centre.
Options, effective alternatives have not yet emerged. Aidc infrastructure drives a rapid increase in demand for firewood, but because of engine capacity constraints, the supply of fuelwood is inadequate.
The rapid development of new types of infrastructure, such as the Intelligence Center, quickly transforms the data centre to a market for sellers. Because of the limited capacity of high-powered diesel engines, the wood generators are in short supply.
The market for high-power diesel generators at 1800kw is about $2.3 to 2.5 million, an increase of 10 to 15 per cent over the same period. According to financial reports, the market for diesel generators at the domestic data centre in 2025 was close to $10 billion, a 100 per cent increase over the same period.
The high-power diesel generator unit currently has a market price of about $2.3 to 2.5 million, which is higher than the same price.
108. The upper engine barrier is the highest in the chain of the woodworker industry, the company produces its own engine, and supplies it to the wood engine to enter the engine market, and the wood engine succeeds in winning the China-moved 2000kw high-pressure water-cold wood from 2025, which is the data centre.
Main allocation, with an average price of $2.245 million for the 270 final bid for the current tender, of which 40 per cent for the lumber heavy machine and $2.1285 million for the winning bid, the company ' s large engine operations are entering a high-speed development period, data centres, mine cards, etc.
High-end markets have continued to break through. In recent years, the company's big cylinder engines have broken through high-end markets such as global data centers, mining cards, etc., and in 2024 the company became one of the three major communications operators' strategy for the company's 2024 m series of large cylinder engines, more than 8,100 of which were sold overseas.
The share of sales is 62% and the same income is +20%. Nearly 400 data centre products are sold, and the product is expected to grow at a high rate, and the market share and profitability are expected to increase further.
Both the engine and the end end of the vehicle benefited 2.1 gas trucks and four national vehicles were added to the subsidy over-expected, end-of-life renewal policy opened up, re-card sales were imagined.
On March 18, the Ministry of Transport, the National Development Commission, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Finance jointly issued an end-of-life update notice for the old operational trucks, which will be subsidized in version 2025.
Gas heavy cards and four cars are included in the subsidy, which will be implemented throughout 2025. We believe that the policy will have to wait for local regulations to be put in place before it starts to stimulate sales, as of April 15th, in Anhui, Zhejiang, Gansu, etc.
In 2024, the provincial subsidy policy was higher than it was in September, with 440,000 cards in the Beidou data country (data cut).
By July 2024, end-of-life upgrades, coupled with a short time frame of policy, limited sales of heavy cards, according to Corrette's estimates, were constrained by the low stock of three vehicles in the market, the high proportion of older vehicles used for short-distance transport upgrades, the poor physical condition of older vehicles and the problems of formalities.
The country’s four-weight kabaki data hold 764,000 (as of December 2024), and the sales are relatively short and have yet to be phased out on a large scale, and we believe that the update will reach around 100,000.
The gas heavy card policy is exceeding expectations, the gas gas price differentials are expected to increase, and the gas heavy card sales are expected to increase. Looking back at the gas heavy card movement in 2024, the oil and gas price differentials were directly linked to the gas and gas penetration rate at the beginning of the year, rising from 14.92% at the beginning of the year to the highest in mid-year.
High levels of 23.78 per cent, gradually dropping to slightly more than 10 per cent in September, and, at the end of the year, the spread of oil and gas prices has widened, and we believe that the non-inclusion of gas vehicles in the subsidy policy has led to a greater impact on sales. Since the beginning of 2025, the difference has been at a higher level, with gas.
The heavy card penetration rate has recovered steadily, with a market share of 59.6% of the heavy card engine, and the end-of-life renewal policy stimulating a strong growth in heavy card engine operations. The heavy card engine is expected to grow in 2024.
According to the first commercial car network, the policy stimulus is expected to drive the sale of 25 to 300,000 gas heavy cards throughout the year, a significant increase from the 15.9 million in 2024, which we consider to be the fuel wood.
Gas heavy card motors are expected to increase simultaneously. After a continuous drop in gas heavy card penetration at a high point of 24q2, 25q1 has returned to 18.20%, and we believe that 2.2 replacement needs are expected to rise gradually and clean energy penetration rises.
The demand for card replacements is or will peak, with medium-term growth being fully guaranteed. Under the influence of policies such as excess treatment, emission escalation, etc. in 2017-2021, the country’s stock of card sales has grown too conventionally, the volume of overdrafts will be huge, and the stock of these cards will reach a maximum of eight years of age in 2025.
In addition, the policy-induced spillover effects of the previous period still exist, but their impact is relatively low. Clean energy penetration continues to increase, with diesel, gas, and gas production expected over the next three to five years.
According to the data, the share of diesel fuel in the country in 2020 was 90.78%, down to 56.35% in 2024, gas heavy cards and new energy sources.
The energy estate is now officially operational, with new energy sources seeking to double their revenues in 2025. The fuel wood will focus on new energy sources, focusing on large-barrel engine products, while at the same time generating full power in the intellectual, post-market, non-road, and export markets.
The new energy-powered industrial park project in Xafdi was officially launched in the first phase, but is not expected to become one of the largest new energy production bases in the world. The project is divided into wood.
Two parts of the Fodie Battery Project and the New Energy Park Project for Skeeter (Smoking Station).
Broadly applied to incremental mix, dht, electro-drive bridge products; more than 20 units of control products, needles, applications of chip reuse, module integration, sic high-pressure platforms, etc. for the next generation of products; state-of-the-art technologies to continuously improve product competitiveness.
Three years of record performance, with a marked increase in engine profitability, increased revenue in 2024, largely flat and net. In 2024, the company achieved a slight decline in engine sales and revenues, a profit rate of 4.80 percentage points, and branch industries.
The reason for this is the decline in sales in the heavy-card sector and the fall in corporate-market ratios. The company’s high value added, higher sales of high Maori products, boosted overall Māori up, motivated business profits continued to rise from their lowest levels in 2022 to nearly six years.
Point. Nearly 400, +148% of the data centre ' s products were sold, and 14,000, +110% or more, of the engineering machinery (14t above), resulting in a significant increase in engine profitability, with the segment profit rate of 17.50% and an increase of 4.80 percentage points.
In the subsidiaries, heavy steam, kaisau net profits have increased, and heavy karaoke net profits have doubled. In the companies, heavy gas, kaisau, Xairevo, and Faust have contributed to the company net profits.
But the net profit doubled to $689 million, and the single-car net profit doubled, and we believe that the main reason is better product structure and higher export sales. The net profit of Kai-su is 30% higher than the same year, and the profitability of the economy has increased considerably.
Kei-su launched the efficiency enhancement programme, which faced a one-time expenditure of approximately $240-260 million in 2025, and which is expected to affect the net profit from fuelwood to the mother by about 970 million yuan in 2025, but began to increase the net profit to the mother by 580 million yuan in 2026.
(4) Other major business and other car parts: the trend is stable based on the 2024 growth rate and the Māori rate. Corporate engine owners are robust, high value added, higher sales of high Māori products are increasing, deeper
Looking at the short term, it is expected that new policies will be replaced with old ones that will lead to higher sales of heavy cards, faster growth of data centre products and large-cylinder motors, and a sustained improvement in the performance of the Division. Looking at the medium and long term, the company proposes to accelerate six major transformations:
With all the new energy sources, the more intellectual transformation, the more powerful post-market, the more focused casks, the more focused non-road markets, and the more powerful export markets. It is expected that the company's 2025-long catalysts will continue to grow.
Market sales in the heavy card industry fell short of expected risks, oil and gas price differentials, gas heavy card sales and penetration rates fell short of expected risks.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.