The mature dragons are absolutely the masters of the dance transition plus - the upper steam group's in-depth report to pay for his research assistant.
Grown-up dragons are the first to cover the industry's absolute dominant state corporate reform vanguards. Companies are the absolute leader in the domestic automobile industry, making the whole car, the spare parts, the post-market, the steam.
A series of reforms, such as the system of career managers and the overall listing of firms, have revived the state’s corporate dynamism.
The steady growth of spare parts has made it possible for the world’s spare parts giants to grow steadily, and new energy and intelligence have been translated into new incremental space for spare parts modules. The Chinese automobile integrates Jiangsen’s global interiors, and the company’s spare parts business moves towards the global spare parts giants.
The upper-mortality conglomerate is 300 degrees deep, and it is self-reliant to improve the creation of new spaces for profit-making transformation services.
The profits forecast and investment rating: we expect the upper gas company to earn $83.92 billion from 2017 to 2019, and the future growth space for vehicle service reserves. The company is an absolute champion in China’s automobile market, covering the first time we've been given an “uptake” rating.
Catalysts for share prices: the strong rise of autonomous plates; continued optimization of product structures; risk factors: the risk of rapid fallback in the automobile market; increased risks associated with competition in the market; and the failure of state-owned reform initiatives to meet the expected risks.
Central View/Investment Logic: China's automobile market still has a significant growth potential and, as the absolute leader of the Chinese automobile market, the company will benefit fully from the steady growth of the car market.
With a large market-based base of users, it is also possible to achieve a successful business-to-business transition strategy. With the strong rise of autonomous plates such as Queens and Chase, the profits of the entire car are expected to improve. Parts and components, such as cars in China City, are moving toward a large global component, and electronicization and intelligentization are expected to improve the profitability of spare parts operations.
The advantage is that the company’s forward-looking post-car market, auto finance, mobile mobility services, etc., has led China’s car market to upgrade the new tide, reserves, strong joint ventures to guarantee stable performance, and future growth space for automobile service stocks. The company is an absolute leader in China’s automobile market, covering for the first time the risks that we have put in place for the “growth” of 3.
In the 1950s, it started to be the largest car company in the world. In 2017, the company ranked 41st in the world ' s 500th highest, up from 2016.
By September 30, 2017, the company ' s total equity was the core business of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, covering the entire industry chain. The company ' s four business modules cover the whole chain system of vehicles, spare parts, automobile trades, automobile finance, etc.
Car finance covers such business areas as automobile finance, corporate finance, equity investment, and insurance sales. Grown-up taps are well established, and business performance is robust.
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved operating income of $608.05 billion, an increase of 14.38 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $24.639 billion, an increase over the same period.
Given the trend in the market position of major automobile groups in recent years, the market share of the upper-car blocs has remained largely at 23%, and the industry’s leading position has been unshakeable. From the analysis of the composition of the company’s total sales, the largest share of joint ventures such as the general public, upper-air and general-purpose Mitsubishi is the absolute bulk of corporate sales.
According to statistics from the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, China’s automobile market grew by 3.6% in the first 11 months of 2017, of which the car market grew by only 1.9%.
In January-November 2017, a high rate of growth was achieved in the upper-car branch and in autonomous sections such as the upper-airr, where 467,000 vehicles and 62,000 vehicles were sold, respectively, a 70% and 46% increase respectively. Joint-venture operations were growing steadily, at a rate higher than the market average. The upper-air mass achieved 1.87 million vehicles, a 3.5% increase, and the upper-air utility, 1.67 million vehicles, a 6.3% increase.
Joint venture one: annual sales of more than 2 million vehicles to the public.
The public has popular and Scot brands, which cover cars, suv, mpv, etc., and have a segmented market. The popular brands include: Polo, New Santana, Ranjang, Lingdu, Pasat, Pfizer, Vision, Pathl, Tourné and Louan. The Scoda brands include Crystal, Rust, Moist, Ming Chi, Sharp Travel, Speedy, Yeti, and Kodyac. In 2016, the upper mass became China ' s only annual car dealership, with a yearly turnover of more than 200 million vehicles.
In 2017, the public introduced a new multi-suv model to improve the sub-market layout of the product. In January 2017, the German high-end medium suv tour began to sell, selling more than 10,000 vehicles per month since it was listed. In March 2017, the large-scale high-end suvrãon came to the market, with monthly sales currently stable at around 8,000.
Figure 12: New car maps for popular representation in 2017 Joint venture point two: universal use, luxury brand development
Chevy covered medium- and advanced vehicles, medium-sized vehicles, compact vehicles, mini-cars, suvs, sports cars, pickups, etc. The whole series of product layouts has evolved. In recent years, the general use of steam has focused heavily on luxuries, and the Cadillac brand has acquired luxury vehicles ats-l, xts, ct6. In January-November 2017, 1.78 million vehicles, an increase of 6.3% over the previous year.
The concept car escala, Buick New King, gl6, or the concept model.