The emergence of a strong autonomous brand, the “new quadrupling” of high growth -- the upper gas group (6001044), for the first time, covered the report — car taps have evolved over time, with multiple operations working together:
The company has maintained the top market position for a car block for a long time, while the size of the collection and sale is high in the domestic automobile market. The average annual rate of growth achieved by the company in the last five years has been 11.57%, and the cagrda has been faster.
High Maori business weights, such as spare parts, after-car markets, are growing, driving companies’ high performance growth. • Joint venture brands are solid, and autonomous brands are rising rapidly: the three corporate joint brands are now on the public, upper gas is common, upper gas is common.
It's about 90% higher than the company's base plate. The joint branding market has a high degree of recognition, while the foreign sector is increasingly focusing on China's market, achieving steady growth through a new and uninterrupted cycle of cars.
• “New quadrupling” to capture future trends and to increase consumption over the long term:
The company proposed a new four-fold strategy for “electricization, networking, intelligence, sharing” and actively sought solutions for the upgrading of the automobile industry. Before proposing a new quadrupling, the company had been working for many years in new energy technologies and smart network technologies, with technology accumulation leading industries.
The company is the only one in the country that has the core manufacturing technology of the "3-power"; the intelligent network is connected to the other side, working with Ali to build the "zebra" system, working with the communications giants and universities to auto-drive the technology of 10,000 registered users. It is expected that the new quadrupling of the future will enhance the company's overall line of operations and its own.
The market potential will be an important driver of high growth in corporate performance. • The post-car market has enormous potential, and the “car-take-over” can be very promising: the country’s post-car market industry is now trillion yuan in size, based on the upper-mortality group.
The O2o platform’s post-car market service brand, “Car owners”, has become the backbone of the industry. Car owners have been promoting the business concept of chain shops far ahead of business and are expected to build more than 10,000 underline shops by 2020.
Three major groups of commercial wealth have invested nearly 1 billion yuan in the new space program. Keep in mind the future, homeowners have become the champions of the industry, turning post-car market business into an important industry of the upper-mortality group and looking for firm growth in corporate performance, with the first coverage rated as “recommended”:
Corporate performance has grown steadily, and the share of high-value Māori businesses, such as spare parts and the post-car market, has been rising.1
The company, based on its technical and financial advantages, has both the breadth and the depth of its business layout. In terms of its breadth, the whole of its manufacturing is a core business, encompassing a joint venture brand dominated by the general public, the general upper-air and the general-use Mitsubishi, as well as an autonomous brand headed by the Emeritus, the Monsignor, Chase, and, in the upstream section, the home country.
The largest spare parts company, the Chinese automobile; the downstream plate, with the advantage of a joint venture brand, has a strong drive to develop car gold, and has multiple sub-programs, such as trade in automobiles, car sharing, and the post-car market layout.
At depth, the company, as the leading head of the auto industry, has been farming in the area of new energy vehicles for over 10 years. At the dawn of the new energy boom, the company has become the only country with a “three-power” core technology with a full-fledged product on the three technological routes of pure electric power, plug-in power and fuel cells.
In terms of manufacturing enterprises; in terms of networking of smart networks, working with Ali to build a “zebra” system, working with communications giants and universities to develop and test autopilot technology; in terms of car sharing, the Global Cars Sharing project has already reached more than 1.3 million registered users, and the post-car market brand “Carstakers” programme has been set up in the next three years.
As a result of the transformation of the automobile industry, each of the company’s layouts is ahead of the market, and the investment in new technologies is bound to grow thin in the future, benefiting in the long run from the upgrading of the industry.
In cooperation with the Catl industry, autonomous production of power cells is expected to reach the total power cell capacity of 36gwh Autonomous Battery Management System (bms) by 2020
A solution to the plug-in system centred on the "edu smart power-drive box" was achieved.
The company ' s revenue growth has stabilized over the past decade and has maintained a high Māori rate because of products.
Structural integrity, broad gradients, companies not affected by the volatility of individual car markets, total sales have been growing steadily 1.2, diversification of operations has taken place, whole-of-car manufacturing remains at the core Overall, the size of the company's business has been more stable, and the whole of the company's business remains the basis of the company's fundamentals, the ratio.
Stable at more than 70%; there is a steady slight increase in the share of other plates led by spares, reflecting the start-up return on the company’s prior investment. It is a matter of concern that the company’s spare parts company’s Chinese automobiles, on the one hand, reduce dependence on domestic customers, including upper-carbon groups, by expanding the market, and, on the other hand, expand their production through mergers and acquisitions.
The brightness of cars in China is expected to lead the fleet zero component business to a 20% harvest in the short term.
Comparison of the level of Māori in each business section of the company (in %) 1.3, the stable performance of the joint venture brand, and the strong momentum of the autonomous brand, in the course of the company ' s development, have enabled the company to open up to the domestic market and move quickly on the basis of the joint venture brand.
Bigger. The three main pillars of corporate joint brands still contribute most of the sales, and at the same time, the company’s investment in autonomous brands has been seen in recent years.
In the domestic market, autonomous brands have several unique advantages vis-à-vis joint brands: they are part of the spare parts, they build up their technology from the post-partum stage, and they have a cost advantage over joint brands; and they are currently foreign products in the light of new trends in the automobile industry, such as new energy generation and smart network convergence, which capture the needs of Chinese consumers.
Without it, autonomous brands can enter the market faster, depending on local advantages; the third is that some of the new technologies in the country require relevant license plates, and foreign firms can hardly cross the regulatory gate. The upper-mortality group has been keenly seized of the pre-eminence of the new era of autonomous brands, by matching new energy and smart networks with the core autonomous brands of glory, glorification, and so on.
Technology quickly establishes its own brand competitiveness in the market. As the auto industry continues to grow in consumption, the Division’s layout of autonomous brands will increasingly highlight its differential advantages, which in the long run will become a growth in corporate performance.
2. China ' s enhanced market position, the joint venture brands of 2.1, the upper and upper masses: medium and low-end market performance is stable, local advantages are evident
In the case of cars, the chariot has been firmly in the top sales position since the beginning of the world, becoming the standard product of a class of cars. From market positioning, Lang has been born into a local Chinese design, focused on price comparison and rejuvenation, making it possible to quickly take over the market, so that foreign brands can be said to be the perfect match for Chinese consumer demand.
In the case of suv, it is also a well-known product, positioning the middle-end market, seizing the opportunity of a tight condensed suv sales breakout, and also occupying the position of the market’s first echelon. At present, the total sales of the luminous and tectonic (including the typographical I) account for nearly half of the total.
At the same time, the public also attached great importance to these two star products. Following the launch of the New Rushing in 2013 and the upgrading of the product, the company was about to launch a second upgrade in April 2018 to replace the popular mqb platform, reflecting the growing interest of the popular headquarters in the Chinese market ' s explosive model.
Year after year on the market, the old way to complete the mission of history, looking up prices and configurations to medium- and high-end medium-sumv, with the introduction of medium-end high-end vehicles such as Toon and Kodiak, further clarifying the firm’s product position in the suv market and following the suv’s upward trend in consumption. In the future, we will continue to look at the middle- and low-end sedan city.
In 2018, the public expected to be new to the market. 2.2, general to the air: a huge expansion of the suv market and an increase in the consumption of high-end cars.
In the structure of the product, the company’s location is high-end market, and the three brands under the flag, both Beck and Cadillac are in the 200,000-600,000 price range, dominated by b/c vehicles.
It is interesting to note that in recent years the upper gas market has accelerated the layout of the suv and mpv markets, relying on its own branded premium advantages, with successive rolls of suv. Previously, the sales of the company suv were largely backed up by the 2014 listing of Ankellow. In 2017, the company launched the Chevy Explorer, and then the Chevy Cox.
In 2018, the three major brands under the corporate flag will total six subvs, with a tight medium-sized model that is unprecedented. Specifically, Buick will take advantage of the brand image created by Ankowi, and will launch a new Ankore to take over the high-end market, as well as a compact suv into the low-end market.
On the ground, it seeks to improve the product gradient; Chevy will introduce three large suvs, of which a large seven suv will be introduced in the form of imports, marking an overall shift in the suv product structure of Chevy, which may in the future be branded differently on the suv and limo product lines; and Cadillac, as a luxury car brand, will be able to achieve excellence in xt5.
Under the circumstances, we're going to launch a compact suvxt4 in 2018, with an introduction to the Luxury Market, with the Odyq3 and BMWx1. Overall, the importance of the three brands under the general flag of the upper steam to the suv market is self-evident, and
And the layout strategy is based on the advantages that already exist, trying to capture more segmented markets. We believe that the new cycle of cars that have not been used for the next three years will be strong, especially in the case of the suv market, which will be the weight of the company's performance 2.3, the upper-air Mitsubishi: the bountiful performance, and there is much to be gained from the transformation of the Mitsubishi.
Since the introduction in 2010 of the V.A. V. V. V. Car brand, sales have proved the company’s competitiveness in the car market. In February 2018, the sales of the V.C.P. 510 were 4.3 times higher than the sales of S. H. H. Six, the traditional owner of S. H. H., and the top s.V. list; the B.P. 310 is again.
In the first half of 2018, Bo was about to launch a new deal, mpv 360, which continues to take over the mpv market at the lower and middle ends: and a compact suv 530, which will continue.
In the past, it was hoped that Huffh6 would be brought together in the low- and medium-end markets, along with 510 bobbles. From the development of the bobble markets, the main reason for its impressive performance in the cars, suv, and mpv markets was the country’s huge three- or four-line urban consumer population.
In the long run, however, the pace of rising automobile consumption has come, and the current new cycle of Bojo is still in low prices and is dominated by the old model, which is not conducive to the development of its brand value. In the future, the market dividend below $100,000 is broken down.
How long is it going to last? We think it's worth thinking. The next step in the development strategy for the upper-air Mitsubishi brand is to choose whether it's a continuous value-for-money strategy, whether it's a product structure up or a low-end market outside the sea, and it's going to be clear in the short term.
Figure 11: The distribution of the main car-type price range, and another major brand under the company’s flag, Mitsubishi, has begun to transform. As a brand once dedicated to mpv, its product, Mitsubishi macrolights, has become a pattern model in the mpv market and has long been overwhelmingly superior.
At the end of last year, Mitsubishi launched the Mitsubishi macros3 and entered the suv market, officially launching the first shot of the transition. As a seven suv with a very high value for money, Mitsubishi macros3 shows a clear picture of Mitsubishi’s future trends in the suv market, as well as its consistent utility.
The seven suv markets are still a red sea, which has led to less than satisfactory listings, but we think it is possible to keep an eye on the configuration of Mitsubishi in the suv market. In the long run, the position of Mitsubishis in the mpv market will continue, which will also stabilize Mitsubishi’s base plate; and Mitsubishi’s potential release in the coming years.
The suv model is also of great interest, and these products will constitute an important reference for the transformation of Mitsubishi. Continuing our analysis, if the route after Mitsubishi continues to encroach on the low- and medium-end suv/mpv market, there is a great deal of potential for conflict with the layout of the treasure.
Markets, or moving product structures up. 3. Accelerating new technologies, a strong rise of autonomous brands 3.1. Uplift vehicles: new energy + smart network to establish brand value
Since the creation of the two major brands in 2006 and 2007, after years of sedimentation, intensive market surveys and product trials, the company has identified its target clients as urban youth groups and has taken advantage of the indigenous advantages of the autonomous brands.
The promotion of “New Energy + Internet” technology in new models seeks to bring about an overturn in the pre-emptive advantage of these groups in new automobile technologies. Rongweirx5 is a classic job in building brand lines by car. With a clear position, rx5 is on-line.
After being listed in 2016, a remarkable success was achieved. As the first major Internet player in the market, matured the concept of a car, rx5, a good combination of Internet technology and an over-hard car manufacturing technology, and for the first time mounted a “zebra” system developed by the Cars in cooperation with Alibaba. The rx5 market resonance proved that the car was in the customer's hands.
At the same time, 2016 rx5 on a zebra 1.0 system alone is so welcome, suggesting that Internet cars have huge market space. As new technologies mature, consumers’ acceptance will increase, and the “Young + Technology” brand image created by cars will yield huge development dividends.
The brand style of the title is similar, and market positioning is complementary. The company’s Internet vehicle, zs, was marketed in 2017, playing an entry market of between 7 and 100,000 people and accurately locating young people through design, Internet technology and extremely high value for money.
After the success of the Internet car, companies quickly packaged new energy technologies, launching electric versions of rx5 and i6 in 2016 and 2017, further building on their technological advantages in new energy cars.
In addition to the electric version of the title zs, the company will launch a heavy-pound car -- the electric Internet Cuv Wing of Power. Not only is the vehicle accompaniment of new energy technologies and Internet technologies on board, but the other configuration parameters are also marked by excellent sedans, reflecting the auto group's autonomy.
This is an opportunity to start a powerful new cycle of cars in the next few years, and, as the market acceptance of new energy vehicles and web-connection technologies increases further, the share of cars sold in the group will increase, posing a strong challenge to the joint venture brand.
3.2. Uplifting motors: commercial cars are still in storage, c2b operations have a different path. Commercial plates have always been short-boarded by the upper motors when compared to the upper-car business. In the Group’s 13th Five-Year Plan, the overall performance of the uplifting commercial plates has become a major focus.
Over the past few years, the upper-carat conglomerate has occupied the first line in the light market, but the small size of the market made it necessary to open a new segment of the market. At the beginning of 2017, the upper-carat group jumped off the Nanjing Ivico brand and injected it into the upper-cargo conglomerate.
Card operations are integrated on autonomous brands. This will make leaps free of joint venture constraints, with the upper steam fully autonomous in investing in and slanting resources, and will seek to replicate the top three major traffic speeds of the light passenger market over a five-year period.
Light passenger sales — same rate of increase — along with the creation of the Ministry of Suv and the Ministry of Picard, from the existing matrix management structure to the mesh management structure, with the overall boost from both decentralized decision-making and improved product structure.
In 2016, 47,000 vehicles were sold, an increase of 32.94 per cent over the previous year, achieving better expectations; while in 2017, 72,000 vehicles were sold by companies, which achieved a similar increase of 51.64 per cent, which is still somewhat different from the target of 90,000. We believe that this is due to the limited capacity of the light passenger market.
The company's traditional business has become a bottleneck; on the other hand, it reflects the fact that the new cycle of cars has not yet started to work, after business integration and the creation of the new business department. According to the Group's 13th Five-Year Plan, the target for the year 2020 was 200,000 to 300,000 vehicles, which requires the company to maintain at least 50% of its current sales at the same rate, which is a big challenge.
War. We believe that, in the context of the ongoing autonomous integration of the upper gas group into commercial cars, the more resource-oriented upper-air traffic will start to work over the next three years, and the company ' s new suv and mpv products will also have some pull effect on brand perception and counter-feed commercial vehicle performance. By 2020, the upper-air traffic will be over.
A series of products and a platform for six RVs. In addition, Chase will implement a new energy strategy called "A full platform, a full series, a full route" in which all vehicle types under the flag, including wide-body light passenger, mpv, pickup, suv, etc., will develop new energy vehicles, which will be fully deployed on three power lines: pure electric, hybrid, fuel cell vehicles, etc.
Also of interest is the large-scale c2b customizations that were carried out last year. As the group ' s digital c2b cross-border custom-made pilot water enterprise, the group ' s innovative transformation strategy has been pursued.
Proposing its own needs, receiving orders from the Upstream Chase and creating a uniquely customized vehicle. This project is now seen to be compatible with the special vehicle conversion business, which has both customized requirements and mass production characteristics. Special vehicle adaptation may therefore become a c2b entry point. If the results are significant, the custom operation may be replicated in the future.
To the 2c end of other commercial vehicles, as well as in passenger vehicles. According to the project plan, Chase has added a new base on the base of the original tin-free base to meet the custom requirements of commercial vehicles that may be expanded in the future.
So, it reflects the group’s determination to continue to promote Internet technology on autonomous brands, and eventually to create an integrated business innovation. The customization project itself is not yet clear about how much profits it will generate, but the upper gas is sufficient as a pilot water enterprise to illustrate the importance of the company in the corporate business section, as well as its excellent manufacturing level and its client channel resources.
At that time, the main task of the tin-free base and the Xinyang base would remain the manufacture of large-scale vehicles, with the tin-free base as the main force of the manufacturing plant, which would also be responsible for the manufacture of future pickup cards and suv on the basis of the production of Chase V80 and Chase G10; the Xinyang base would be better positioned to customize the large-scale production of smart housing vehicles, with maximum planned output exceeding capacity.
Twenty-five thousand vehicles. The company has almost finished the layout from the production end, and for the remaining three years of the 13th Five, only the sales end will be able to digest its capacity in the market, thus creating a new high for the upper steam group's commercial vehicle performance.
At the beginning of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the Upper Gas Group proposed a new quadrupling programme, “Electrification, networking, intelligence, sharing”, which, while trying to open up markets, insists on innovation as the main driver of structural reforms that explore the supply side of practice, actively seeking solutions to the upgrading of the automobile industry.
As the auto industry enters the age of new energy and smart networks, the upper-mortality group depends on its own big trends.
Building on the depth of the new energy vehicle technology, the company has become the only one in the country with the “three power” core manufacturing technology, with mature products introduced along the three technological routes of pure electric power, plug-in power mix, and fuel cells.
In the last 10 years, over $10 billion has been invested in new energy vehicles, forming a new energy research and development team for nearly a thousand people. The company is now focusing on auto-branding for new energy vehicles, and the lead-car model of the Queen and the Lord has been electricized, while the owner-brands are travelling in new car cycles, commercial cars, etc.
In addition, the company plans to install 50,000 chargers throughout the country by 2020.
The Division has completed the construction of 5325 public chargers, of which 4,435 public chargers in Shanghai have been completed, accounting for the full “3-power” technology, the first generation power-driven transmission tank edu has been built into bulk production capacity, the second generation edu critical technology has broken through, and the self-developed battery management system has been produced; the fuel cell vehicle has completed 200b
The reactor is a national innovation demonstration project on 750 and 950 in Yongwei, and has launched a 300-type high-power, high-density reactor development. At the same time, the company and CatLind, the British flyer, have jointly collaborated on the core components of the battery core and the igbt power drive, respectively, in an effort to acquire full nuclear access to new energy vehicles from the spare parts.
The technology of the heart. Ten thousand, which led to the emergence of the upper-gas group in its own brand, and the removal of the name of the “global first Internet car”, took the first step of intelligent connectivity. The Internet platform zebra, Rx5, was launched in public 2014.
Through cross-border cooperation with Alibaba, the company binds service platforms and automobile products, uses technical means such as cloud computing, driving behaviour patterns for users, consumption patterns for living and transportation trajectories, etc., covering finance, insurance, parking, maintenance, traffic safety, etc.
Navigation, music, charging, vehicle sharing, etc., created a differentiated competitive advantage. With the upgrade of the Zebra system to version 2.0 in 2017, the upper-mortality group has moved away from competitors on the hardware layout of the network, formally perfecting the Internet car platform from its initial construction to its gradual improvement, building up a “data capability”, “map capability”,
At the same time, companies are actively engaged in cross-border strategic cooperation to further deepen the layout of the car network. In the second half of 2017, the company formally joined the 5gaa alliance, working in a tripartite partnership with China, China, and China, to study smart travel and next-generation vehicle networking technologies based on 5g.
In a disaggregated direction, vehicle connectivity has emerged as a major trend, with the forecast by Essencio and the Automobile Industry Advisory Board sbd that by 2020, the global volume of new cars equipped with networking technologies will have accumulated to 212 million, that penetration will be close to 60 per cent, and that traditional cars that do not have vehicle connectivity will be completely out of the city by 2050.
The predictions on the data may be different, but it is certain that the huge up-front investment of the upper-gas group in networking will certainly be fully rewarded in the future. In the upper-gas group’s planning, and in the overall trend toward industrial development, smartness and networking are among you.
I have you. For example, the application of 5g-based communication technology on cars allows for communication with cars, cars, and transport infrastructure, where the V2x (wireless communication with the outside) function has already been achieved on Queen Wirx5. This is the basic technology for building car network connectivity, but also car intelligence until autopilot is achieved.
The upper gas group now has a fully autonomous intellectual property right to the core technology of the second generation of smart driving platforms, and has a level-IV level of technology for vehicle intelligence, with the goal of achieving, by 2020, the autopilot function of structured and partially unstructured roads and, by 2025, the autopilot function of the entire environment.
In the area of public transport travel, the company is also configured, as the main supplier of public transport in Shanghai, and the gas is already equipped with gps and network equipment for the new energy buses that can be delivered from backstage to handle their path and main requirements. In the future, the upper gas group will continue to work on urban bus smart travel, drilling between transport infrastructure.
The company's ongoing intelligent industry projects include the last kilometre autonomous parking project, the high-speed motorcade autopilot project, the urban autopilot project, etc.; strategic cooperation with mobilieye, tttech, Wuhan Atomic Energy, etc.; research into technology such as a holistic vision-based autopilot programme, high-precision maps, etc.; and the construction of a joint camp with the University of Honji.
Intelligent network vehicle testing bases, etc... The current real-car tests of the model vehicles are now nearly 50,000 km. A new set of intelligent core technologies is expected to emerge in these projects in the future, adding bricks to the upper-air network integration strategy.
In the past, the "e-go" and the "e-go" business were two major operations. Among them, e-go-gos were mainly in the Shanghai area, working on car-time rental projects, with three to five vehicles in most of the individual sites, and with a "housekeeper" attached to the 3 to 4 adjacent points, performing cleaning, charging, deployment, etc. services; the ultimate goal was to reach the entire country.
Main cities, and users can find a web site within 500 metres, with an average of 100 to 1.
On the other hand, more than 1.3 million registered users have exceeded the previous 2020 target of 12,000 vehicles, 4,000 points, or about 1 million members in the country's first line and priority cities. It is expected that by 2020 the “global car” will have only one billion dollars in renting time.
Figure 19: The projected size of the B2c vehicles (millions),5 the booming market behind the car, the break-in of the "car owner" and the subsequent market for cars from the sale to the end-of-life, which revolves around the after-sale use of the car.
The overall description of the range of transactions that arise from the need and services can be divided mainly into auto parts supply, auto finance, automobile maintenance, second-hand car rental and car rental, car culture and auto sports, a specialized car market dominated by logistics, consulting, recycling, car modification and post-sale maintenance.
It is now roughly estimated that the post-car market in China is already larger than the “car owner” from the first full-life e-commerce platform of the upper-car market created by the upper-mortality group, the “car owner net”, starting with car purchases on the exclusive line, and officially entering the post-car market in 2015.
With a wealth of resources and mature experience in the area of after-sales automobile services, car owners quickly develop their own model in the post-car market, based on a reliable supply chain system, a well-developed doorway management system, and a professional talent system. Specifically, car owners build on the current o2o model, which is the mainstream post-car market in the country, and harmonize regions,
At present, there are a large number of O2o brands in the industry that serve the post-car market, such as doorwashing, door maintenance, etc., but one problem that is not better addressed is that the quality of services varies. Many brands have low coverage below the line and cannot be formed in the regions.
Uniform service standards; more brands are not even front door shops, but service teams. These practices, which focus on competition for markets and undervalue the quality of services, leave the country’s post-car market industry in the early stages of service inefficiencies, multiplicity of service standards, uneven quality of products, and non-transparent prices.
In this context, once the “come-to-be” car has entered the market, it is based on a high standard of business. In order to address the pain caused to the owners by the inconsistent service standards of the O2-services brand, the company has begun to fill the gap in China's post-car market, which lacks a chain of major players, and has so far created more than 1,000.
By 2020, the goal is to build more than 10,000 front-to-door shops. By means of a chain of doors, car owners have not only increased their visibility in the scarce post-car market area, but have also achieved good control over the consistency of service delivery.
Households have maintained good contact and have further refined their demand for services throughout their life cycle through big data technology. In the current situation, the business model below the home line opens up a new idea for other post-car market o2o brands, which has become the best way for current firms to increase post-car ownership.
In 2017, the success of car owners quickly raised concerns about capital. In December of that year, car owners received investments of nearly 1 billion yuan from the three major groups: Peace, China Pacific, and Merchant Wealth, and began to implement the “New Space” project, which, in short, “in both directions of diversification demand and consumption upgrading, it is on the line and below the line.”
In practical terms, the car owner has signed an agreement with the etcp group to provide a vehicle support service for users in the parking lot and to enrich the “community scene” with data on the products on the connection line.
Together with the global component giant, Michelin (China), to improve the efficiency of supply and the quality of commodities; and with Aksu Norbel, to build a joint squiding centre, etc.
The upper-mortality group created the first full-life e-commerce platform in China's automobile market - after the heavy boxing market, with the branding of the post-car market service chain - the car owner, the car owner and Shell, Kajido entered into a strategic partnership and secured a billion yen a round of finance.
With a total of over 1 billion yuan in financing, with three co-investments: Peace in China, peace in China, peace in China, wealth in business, and more than 1,100 direct shops in over 110 cities across the country, reaching 2.2 million users, and plans to build more than 10,000 underline shops.
At a time when the state encourages innovation in technology and the search for the unicorns is strong, car owners, as post-car unicorn companies, are expected to get more access to capital markets. After several years of development, it is expected that after-car market industries, like most industries, will have only a few players to share this giant cake after they have been killed.
We keep an eye on the owner’s performance in the post-car market, and as business expands, it will lead to significant performance gains for the upper class. Corporate performance is now growing steadily, and the share of high-mori business such as spare parts and the post-car market will rise.
The volume of new vehicle sales fell short of expectations; technological advances fell short of expectations.