Joint ventures and autonomous resonances have been very strong - the upper steam group (600104) depth report/car and fittings industry
Industry: suv and cars contribute more than 80 per cent of the overall sales in the car industry, with suv increasing at a constant rate, leading to a pre-industry average; companies: overall sales are growing steadily, with suv and car markets rising steadily.
Autonomous brands: Power rises fast, and by acquiring technology to inherit the British Rufus car, "Girl" and "Governance" became two of its own brands; in 2016, with the boom of "Girlx5" and the rise of the auto-autonomous brand after years of silence.
Ten new cars are on the market, with intense competition in the industry, intensive car-type placements representing a strong willingness to compete, and new product cycles are expected to drive a steady and rapid increase in sales, and we expect to sell them in 2018 Joint venture brands: continuation of a robust new product cycle.
Upwards: 1) Increase the suv drop and improve the product structure. This unit, in the face of the steady upswing of the suv, compared to the trend of 300 depths, has increased its market by a new path, i.e., Toon, up from 15% in 2010 to 2017.
(ii) The new product cycle has not yet been completed, with the introduction in 2018 of the Tian polar, the new franchise, the Kojunk, etc., while the hybrid and electric versions of vehicles such as the Pfizer, the Vision, etc. will be on the market.
9.51 million was raised to $10.76 million in 2016, benefiting from a relative higher price of Buick and Cadillac sales, with Buick sales rising from 52 per cent in 2014 to 61 per cent in 2017 and Caddy Leak sales rising from 4 per cent in 2014 to 9 per cent in 2017; and 2) continued acceleration of new product delivery festivals
In 2018, Buick's 4 new car + Cadillacxt4 is expected. Upward V.M.V.: The traditional microcar market continues to shrink, and consumption upgrades actively promote a business shift strategy.
Together with the industry's tides, we've got the catl, and we've got the new energy battery. Catl, as a domestic high-quality battery producer, provides strong support for the development of new energy vehicles. Together with Ali Baba, we're leading the Internet. First of 2016.
Research Assistant: On different models such as Chang Dongdong: Traditional Motors works actively with Internet companies to promote car intelligence. Consider different breakdowns of market space and car-type competitiveness based on new and projected models; joint venture brand sales
Steady growth, in which the upper crowds optimize their product structure by increasing their suv product delivery; upper gas, the universal Cadillac, the Buick structure, the overall one-car revenue rises; upper gas, the general Mitsubishi, in the context of rising consumption, speeds up the business shift strategy through the bountiful market.
They are 11 times, 11 times, nine times, respectively; for the first time they are covered, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Industry sales have increased less than expected since the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preference: new models are listed and sold less than expected: upward cost pressures on raw materials.
The upper-mortality group is the company with the largest market share, with the whole car and spare parts business accounting for 95% of the total left-right. The company was listed in 1997, with the controlling shareholder being the Shanghai Auto-Industries (SG) General Company, whose main business is the whole car,
Five main sections of spare parts, trade in services, finance and international operations; of these, the total vehicle fleet accounts for about 75 per cent of the total, figure 1: the structure of equity operations.
The main players in the whole business are the upper mass, the upper mass, the upper mass, the upper gas general, the upper gas general sales, the upper gas general Mitsubishi, etc. The main players in the spare parts business are the Chinese-area cars, the upper-air transmission, the cogeneration electronics.
Industry: Suv and sedans contribute more than 80% of the total sales in the car industry, with suv increasing at a sustained rate leading the industry average. Suv and suv are the main components of the vehicle fleet, with suv increasing at a sustained rate leading the industry average water company: sales are growing steadily, and suv and the saloons are growing steadily. According to China's Auto-Industries Information Network, there is a steady increase in the share of cities in the car sector.
Statistics: The company ' s share of the city in the area of suv rose from 8.4 per cent in 2011 to 2017 with the growth in the pattern of vehicles, and figure 8: the upper group cross-market share (in %) recorded a steady increase in performance and a high rate of dividends.
Corporate performance continued to grow robustly. 217q3 achieved gross operating income of $608 billion, an increase of 14 per cent over the same period. Figure 9: operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, %) Figure 11: dividends and dividends (in dollars, %)
II. Autonomy brands: strong rises and rapid growth: (i) succession to the British Coroner Robert Young-Way + opened the path of autonomy by acquiring technology to inherit the British Robo Automobile.
1) Winnie: In 2006, the upper gas officially declared its own brand as "roewe", the product technology inheritance, the acquisition of British "Rover": the first car Rhonda was officially listed in 2007, based on the 75 core of British Rhof.
Technology-based secondary R & D, with medium- and high-end positions of 24.38 million and 27.680 million. 2) Monsignor: At the end of 2007, the upper-mortality group jumped into the car to buy 100% of the South Gas Group, before the south took the south, and the autonomous branded "brand" developed after the British "Rover" was formally incorporated into the upper-mortality group and began to share the same platform as the "Rongway"
By 2015, the two brands had introduced multiple new cars, but the market had performed fairly. Since its birth in 2006, Eun-hye would have basically a new car market each year, from the top 750 to the bottom of the 1st to 550, 350 and so on, and sales would have been flat: "The Monsignor," since it was acquired all over 2007.
(ii) In 2016, with the booming market of Eunweirx5, the steam brands rose strongly after years of silhouette.
In 2016, when the Rx5 was launched and the Beijing car was on display, the monthly sales were on the market in August of that year, and after many years, the auto-owned brands finally burst, and we thought that the reasons for the hot market sales of the Rrx5 were the following:
1) Positioning of the 10-15 million price range, the suv autonomous branding base, and the market space for greater expansion. The suv sector is an autonomous brand base, which competes with the joint brand through a price-crossing strategy, i.e., the small and medium-sized suv and the small suv; and, second, the application of the consumption upgrade to replace a class-a car logic.
There is still much room for expansion in 10-15 million districts. 2) The main sales model is version 1.5t, which corresponds to the need for power upgrades. Based on the number of China-Association and Insurance, we have a narrow ratio of natural inhalation in cars 1.6l, down from 59% in 2013 to 41% in 2017q3; t motors at the same time.
Increases, mainly benefiting from: first, the ability of turbo boosters to achieve larger output power in smaller volumes, in line with the need for energy-saving emission reductions; second, the upgrading of consumption, with consumer preference for cars above a level and suv, with greater requirements for engine power. (3) Incorporated with Ali, the upper gas and Ali ' s first-volume Internet car.
The joint venture created a $1 billion “Internet Automobile Fund” and a joint venture to build a platform for the development and operation of Internet cars.rx5 is the first Internet vehicle to fully integrate the technology of whole-car R & D, model design, power aggregates, etc., with the resources of Ali’s yunos smart operating system.
Upgraded flow of systems and new functions, flow of map navigation services, and Internet applications and uniforms generated by cars and cars) suit young people’s consumption tastes. Consumer characteristics can be summarized after 90 as self, rational, and popular.
Figure 16: The reason for the success of rx5 The second hit of the Internet car, the big push of the I6 market. I6 is a compact sedan, based on the new mip architecture development, the introduction of world-class power aggregates, and the launch of the latest generation of smart interconnections.
At a price of 8.98-14.28 million, for less than one year on the market, the average monthly sales was more than 6,000; at the end of 2017, a compact suvrx3 was launched by the Young Consumer Group after 90, selling 8.98-1358 million, listed for only three months, with monthly sales climbing to 8,000.
Intelligent interconnection remains a bright spot. The zs is equipped with 8 inches of high-touch, big screens, Aliyunos, automatic upgrades and life-long maintenance of the system, and basic services and basic flows are free for life.
Explosive car-driven sales have increased across the board, resulting in a significant reduction in net profit losses. In 2016, with new vehicles such as rx5 and i6, a cross-cutting increase has been achieved, with annual sales up to 62% in 2017, far above the industry average and at the top of the autonomous brand; at the same time, the autonomous portion of the performance (a net parent company) has been in the forefront.
The profits, net of investment returns, have been significantly reversed, from a loss of $4.8 billion in 2016 to $2.6 billion in 2017q3, and the autonomous portion of the deficit is expected to gain as a result of the subsequent new vehicle market. Figure 19: Automobile sales (in units of vehicles, %)
Figure 20: Net profit from the parent company - investment earnings (in billions of yuan) (iii) Continued intensive placement of new vehicles in the future direction of smart power, intensive deployment of autonomous multi-products, sustained growth of new product cycles.
With nearly 10 new cars on the market, and against a backdrop of intense competition for industry differentiation, intensive vehicle-type placements represent a strong and competitive will to achieve good sales, driven by the already existing model of a blasted car, and we expect to increase the volume of new cars to be marketed in 2018, with a positive electricalization of new vehicles, multiple-cars on the S-Ari interconnectivity system, with an emphasis on smart connectivity.
rx8: First seven suvs, built from the upper-gas-generation (intelligent suv) platform, using the upper-blue core, powered technology, with a 2.0t turbo-uppressure direct-jet engine. VISION-e: pure electric superseding suv, yielding in 2018. Double power drive, resulting in a set of four
Drive system, 0-100 km/hour acceleration time, not more than 4 seconds, with a continuation mileage not less than 500 km; the vehicle supports wireless charging technology, which can charge up to 80% of the battery capacity in 15 minutes, enough to move 250km/h. The control is completely replaced by a 14-inch display screen with a loaded-car-car-borne system; and the 3d virtual dashboard is similarly staggered.
Designed, with a 3d visual effect.iii. Joint venture brands: Continuation of the new product cycle steady upwards (i) Upward mass: greater structural improvement of the product of the suv
Actively adjusting the strategy to increase the suv investment, and improving the overall marketing structure. After the public launch in 2010, there were no new suvs in the market for years, and the suv in 2010-2016 accounted for less than 15% of total sales, well below the industry ' s level of nearly 40%. In the face of the suv market, which continues to lead at an upswing rate, the suvs began to reshuffle in 2016.
In January 2017, the total volume of sales increased significantly after the launch of the new suv tour, which was launched in seven places, with a marked improvement in the overall distribution structure. Figure 22: Upward mass sales (in cars, per cent) entered the end of the product, and up-to-date growth in overall sales of the succulent succulent.
After a 10-year period, it is already at the end of the product cycle, with a marked drop in sales in 2016, and when a new route is on the market, the overall sales will rise again. The old Silk Road version continues to produce and sell, with a tight suv.
In March 2017, the general public launched the Tourão to locate large sizes and sizes, offering 7 or 6 seats with an official guideline of $30.89-5189 million. For the benefit of the second child, the demand for the purchase of the seven is high, but the market is currently less well supplied.
As the company announces, we are 10,000 dollars, mainly due to a small number of new models, most of which are in the final stages of the product; and higher prices and more profitability.
In 2017, the whole cycle of bicycles was not over, and in 2018 the multiplicity of products was listed. In 2018, popular brands were launched in the polarized version, new money, polo, etc., together with mixed and electric versions of Pity, Path and Fuzzy: Scota launched suv.
(ii) Up-scaling: high profit elasticity in product structure, three major brands covering a variety of segmented markets, overall price range Chevran < Beck < Cadillac > .
There are three major brands of Lower Berk, Chevran, and Cadillac, with multiple models covering a variety of market segments. The main models under the Chevrolet flag are small, compact, and the overall price is low; the main models under the Bek flag are compact, medium, and the overall price is between Chevran and Cadillac; and the main models under the Cadillac are medium, medium and medium.
Bürk’s small decline, Chevy’s positive growth rate, and Cadillac’s high growth. Bürk: higher sales in 2015-2016, but a small decline in 2017, mainly affected by the Ankowi + Ancora downturn (about 23% of total sales), and England + Wierang (45% of total sales).
But Buick, with the power of mpv, gl8, with the help of a new car; gl6, with a second month ' s sales out of 6,000. Figure 32: sales of gl6 (in units of vehicles)
Figure 31: Gl8 sales (in 2 vehicles) Chevyland: positive growth in 2017, ending a two-year negative growth trend, benefiting mainly from the Cowoz market in August 2016 and the border explorers in April 2017; in addition, Mairel sales are increasing at a higher rate.
Industrial Information Network data: 188,000 vehicles were sold in Cowoz in 2017, an increase of 270.8 per cent, or 31 per cent of total sales; 124,000 vehicles, or 45.4 per cent, were sold in the same year; 54,000 vehicles were sold by explorers, or 9 per cent of total sales.
Figure 33: Cowards sales (in vehicles) Figure 34: Explorers sales (in vehicles) 3) Cadillacs: sales have increased by almost 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis since 2016, benefiting mainly new vehicles xxt5 and ct6 listed contributions
Sales; according to China AutoIndustry Information Network data: 64,000 vehicles sold in 2017 by xt5, or 10.3 per cent for yoy; ct6 sold, or 12,000 vehicles sold, or yoy83.3 per cent, figure 35: xt5 sales (in units of vehicles)
The product structure has moved upwards, raising the overall bicycle income. The overall low price range of Chevrolem sales has declined, while the relative ratio of higher Beck and Cadillac sales has increased, and the product structure has led to a rise in the overall vehicle revenue. Beck sales have increased from 52% in 2014 to 61% in 2017, and Cadillac sales have increased from 2014 to 2014
Figure 37: UGC revenue (in thousands of yuan) Figure 36: Three major brand sales (in %) Total income sales in industry, data taken from annual reports
A sustained acceleration of the pace of delivery of new products will help increase overall sales. In 2018 Buick is expected to launch four brand-new models, two traditional plus two new sources of energy; according to the plan, the future focus will be on energy suv and new energy, and the suv model will cover the market in a comprehensive manner, with 20 new energy vehicles to be launched by 2020; and Chevyland will be investing in rejuvenation, mobility and energy.
(iii) Upstream Mitsubishi: Microcarsiers switch to accelerated boosters, Consumption increases, and Traditional Microcars leads actively to promote a business transfer strategy. Mitsubishi is the traditional microcargo leader, and the microcars industry is divided by function into three separate markets: mpv (household, passenger and cargo), microscopic and microcards, in recent years.
As consumption rises, the proportion of households using passenger and cargo types mpv and microscopics is rising, and to break through the problem of cementing the image of the “Brings” brand in the process of upgrading, the market for household cars has been actively seized through the brand of the “Breacon.”
Influence, overall sales are increasing and falling; business is moving ahead with a strategy to increase the size of the vehicle, and the size of the car is folding up. In recent years, sales have grown at a very high rate, rising rapidly from around 25 per cent in 2015 to 47 per cent in 2017.
(i) Together with the new energy sector of the Ningde era, the company joined forces in the new energy age (catl), the new energy cell area. In May 2017, the upper gas group established two joint ventures with the catl through fully-funded subsidiaries, one with the power cell company of the age and the other with the power cell of the upper age.
By 2020, the joint venture is expected to generate 36gwh power cell capacity. Domestic producers of high-quality batteries work together to provide strong support for the development of new energy vehicles.
Internationally competitive power and battery manufacturers, with customers covering mainstream domestic cars, have grown rapidly in recent years. The upper-mortality group has formed a joint venture with them to provide support and security for its future electrodynamic planning and development. (ii) Together with the Alibaba lead Internet car
Together with Alibaba, lead the Internet car. In 2015, the Steam Steam Stewardship and Alibaba signed an agreement to finance $500 million each and to co-finance a $1 billion Internet fund to promote the development and operation of Internet cars. In 2016, the first Internet car, rx5, was marketed, and was gradually applied to i6, zs, etc.
Traditional car companies actively work with Internet companies to promote car intelligence. In the midst of a wave of intelligence, traditional car companies actively improve the intelligence of car products, generally using people, cars, and the outside world to facilitate interaction, auto-drive.
In the future, traditional car companies and Internet companies will also work together in cooperation and competition to promote connectivity in the automobile industry, based on their field of advantage, with the main components of vehicle-borne smart equipment, unmanned vehicles, Internet cars, etc.
Table 11: Unexpected growth in the volume of sales in the industry following the withdrawal of the acquisition tax preferences of traditional car companies vs Internet companies; less time and volume of sales of new models on the market than expected; pressure on upstream cost side of the original material price increase.
The main operations of the upper-car group are divided into five main sections: full-cars, spare parts, trade in services, finance and international operations; of these, the whole-car revenue = the price of the model * sales*. The upper-car group deals mainly with the upper-gas population, the upper-gas general, the upper-gas general-use Mitsubishi-general and the self-carried vehicle; the different types of market space are considered depending on the type of vehicle available and the anticipated new model for the future.
Competitiveness, predicting future sales. Joint brand sales are growing steadily, with the general public optimising the product structure by increasing the number of suv products delivered; the higher ratio of upper-air Cadillacs to Buick structures and higher per-car revenue; the higher-valued Mitsubishi, as the leader of traditional micro-cars, adopting a strategy to speed up commercial rotation in the context of consumer upgrading.
Continuation of energy, new product cycles that drive rapid growth in sales. Annual ad hoc adoption of split total sales. Zhang Dongdong, Xian Transport University, Master of Business Management, 9 years of experience in automobile industry research. 3 years of experience in consulting firms in management consulting, focusing on user orientation, products
In 2016, the author was included in civil securities. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,