The same year, the difference in interest spreads increased, the net interest income of the Bank of Shanghai showed a bright performance in the first three quarters, and the fees charged continued to grow robustly, but the increase in the cost of credit led to higher net profits. Companies’ operations took root, maintaining a higher rating, taking into account the soundness of overall operations and lower than the industry average valuation.
Increase in the level of the provision, balance of interest, increase in the cost of credit, impact on net profit growth, interest net revenue keeping up fast 7.99% of net profit in the first three quarters of Shanghai Bank, decelerating by about 11.9 percentage points from the first half of the year
Point. In terms of the revenue performance of the main business, the profits of the company increased at the first half of the year before the start-up, and the rate of interest difference of the Shanghai Bank for the third quarter was almost equal to 1.77 per cent. According to our final caliber at the beginning of the period, the rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets for the third quarter was 7bp below the 2nd quarter.
In terms of asset-end performance, the company invested 3.72% more credit in the third quarter than in the second quarter, and despite the increase in credit, the epidemic affected the financial institution, which was regulated and led to the creation of an economy of interest and a loan structure that had an impact on the overall return on public and housing mortgages.
Rates. Corporate market-based liabilities account for a relatively high share, and the projected improvement in the cost of corporate liabilities is the end-of-the-end cost, the overall negative-rate ring increase, the downside of the retail-deficit ratio, the Shanghai Bank ' s three-quarter negative-credit ratio rises by 3 bp to 1.22 per cent from the 2-quarter ring, but the rate of concern and concern
The rate of overdue loans is 16bp, 35bp to 1.79% and 1.79% respectively.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets.
The increase in the cost of credit affected the growth in net profits and interest income, which increased rapidly. The first three quarters of Shanghai Bank saw a 7.99 per cent decline in net profits over the previous quarter, a slowdown of about 11.9 percentage points over the first half of the year.
For the most part, the cost of corporate credit increased by 65 bp to 2.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis in three quarters. In terms of revenue collection, net corporate interest income grew at an impressive rate of 18.5 per cent, against a background of wider interest differentials and faster scale expansion; in terms of non-interest income, net revenue from fees and fees increased robustly (+7.32 per cent, yoy), mainly from income growth in surrogate finance, sales funds, investment operations, etc.;
Non-interest income decreased by 44 per cent from the same year, mainly due to the company ' s restructuring of assets, increased credit, and lower interest rates and exchange rate movements, resulting in a decline in net valuation gains and losses.
The Shanghai Bank's three-quarter interest spread ring is almost equal to 1.77% in the two-quarter period. According to our first quarter caliber, companies generate interest in the three-quarters, yielding 7bp below the two-quarters, with a downward range corresponding to the end-of-debt cost. In terms of asset-end performance, the company's three-quarter lending was positive, with a 3.72% increase over the two-quarters, leading to a 2.33% increase in the total asset size ring and a further increase in the loan as a share of the asset.
qoq) and, in the retail lending structure, lower-risk mortgage lending continues to increase rapidly (8.14%, qoq). Despite the rise in credit, the epidemic has led financial institutions to favour the real economy and the lending structure in favour of public and housing mortgages.
Downside pressure. In terms of end-of-debt performance, the deposit ring ratio increased by 1.71 per cent in three quarters, or 0.3 percentage points lower than the debt ratio in two quarters. Bank of Shanghai ' s non-performing loan rate increased by 3 bp to 1.22 per cent in three quarters compared to two quarters, but the interest rate and the overdue loan rate were 16 bp, 35 bp to 1.79 per cent, 1.79 per cent, respectively, and the overdue/bad ring ratio was 34 percentage points lower, with companies expected to have a higher level of negative recognition in three quarters from retail.
In terms of loan asset quality performance, at the end of the three-quarters, there was a decline of 0.09 percentage points to 1.15 percentage points in the personal loan failure ring over the two-quarter period, and poor credit cards. From bad generation, according to our calculations, the company ' s three-quarter plus the write-off annual negative generation rate was increased by 55bp to 1.7% over the two-quarters, and we believe that the consolidation of the asset quality base, the acceleration of the poor liquidation will help to reduce the weight of the company ' s inventory, and the follow-up is still needed.
As the epidemic improves, the company’s personal loan growth is repaired and bad rates are reduced; The positive investment in public credit is maintained, but the acceleration of bad recognition has led to an increase in bad rates, and follow-up attention is still needed on changes in the quality of corporate assets.
The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, are highly relevant to corporate business development and economic development.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.