Shanghai Bank (601229): Maintenance of interest differentials: On 23 October, Shanghai Bank published the third quarterly report for 2020.
The Shanghai Bank was established on 29 December 1995 with a trillion-dollar headquarters, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent from the beginning of the year; a negative rate of 1.22 per cent, with a 3bp increase in the ring; and a provision of 328.1 per cent, located in Shanghai.
The core-level capital adequacy rate is 9.53%. With the core value of “good faith, good faith” as its core value, the first three quarters have seen a decline in profit growth rates. The first three quarters have recorded a higher rate of harvests and pops in the first half of the year.
In recent years, by promoting specialization and fine management, there has been a decline of 8% in net profits per year. Three seasons of single-season revenues, pops, net profits, and a higher rate of increase in services. Inclusive finance, supply chain finance,
Net non-interest income of 3q20 fell by 58.15 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of reduced investment returns and fair value changes in transactional gold finance, private finance, investment banks, trading banks, pressure on scale of production and lower rates of return.
The characteristics of cross-border banking, financial markets, consumer finance, old-age finance, online finance, etc. have gradually emerged. In recent years, Shanghai silver has been trillion, an increase of 9.7% compared to the beginning of the year, and three quarters of a single-quarter ring has increased by 3.68%, the same rate as in the second quarter.
Managing the trend in financial science and technology to increase the ratio of public loans to 4.52 per cent in three quarters and to slow the rate of individual lending to 1.86 per cent in order to achieve a more intelligent and professional approach.
Structurally, the share of loans since the epidemic has been declining steadily, falling to 30.9 per cent at the end of September, with mortgages increasing by 20.41 per cent compared to the end of the previous year and increasing their share of individual loans by 5.04 pct to 34.46 per cent compared to the end of the previous year; and consumer lending at a faster rate. Retail credit is currently inclined to low-risk mortgage lending, with appropriate improvements.
The credit threshold will help to balance the size, returns, and quality of future retail credit operations. The net interest margin for the first three quarters remained stable.
However, given that the share of high-yield consumer loans has declined; at the same time, the impact of future stock lpr conversions on corporate and individual mortgage lending returns will be released gradually, and the asset-end rate of return is expected to fall further. While the interest rate for corporate funds has continued to rise in the second half of the year, the cost of liabilities remains relatively rigid, with future interest differentials.
At the end of September, the balance of non-performing loans was $13.01 billion, compared with 1.15% at the end of the month for individual loans, which was 9bp lower than at the end of June; the credit card deficit rate was 1.21 million more than at the end of the previous year, while the number of clients in Shanghai's pension stock remained first; pensions were the first;
Clients aum 3.3449 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent compared to the end of the year, and 46.17 per cent of retail customers aum, investment advice: companies enjoy economic leadership and a better credit environment in Shanghai and the Long Triangle, with a clear regional advantage: the market position for the financial niche of old age has steadily increased.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Leaning:
Figure 2: The rate of growth in the performance of banks in Shanghai on a single season, Figure 3: The split in the performance of banks in Shanghai of 1h20 and 3q20
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Shanghai Bank (601229), the balance of income, the quality of assets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Company, Shanghai Bank, 601229: Maintenance of a smooth margin, asset quality pressure.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.