The four-quarter trend towards good performance continues, and corporate performance improves on a quarterly basis. The rate of increase in corporate revenue and net return profits is different for the whole of 2020.
2.9 per cent, 11.84 per cent, and the three-quarterly rate of growth increased by 2.50 and 7.61 percentage points respectively. Of this, performance improved on a quarterly basis, as a result of strong corporate downswings, further optimization of the variety structure, and high-end extension development to improve competitiveness in the seamless sector.
Buy 40% share in Shanghai Electric Group Steel Pipelines Ltd.. 51.02% share in the electrical tubes and 3.5 million tons of seamless steel tubes in the middle wall, total equity/flow (million shares)
In the future, it is expected to accelerate the expansion of the strategic layout of seamless steel pipes and expand their mechanical processing and oil through further overall market value/flow (millions of dollars).
The impact and the presence of cities in the mining and related industries such as energy, automobiles, seaworks and other seamless steel pipes further enhances the influence and industrial competitiveness of corporate seamless steel products.
We have an “import substitution” and a “global share increase” in the middle-high end steel.
Continuous Improvement - 2020/10/19 Sinttex (000708), " Pacific Iron and Steel " , which is fast growing, leading downstream demand, such as cars, is more abundant.
Sinot Steel Annual Report: High score in growth High-end steel industry leader, with expected further improvement in valuation. Red Global Steel Dragon, Values of Investment
Investment proposals: As the country moves into a high-quality development phase, high-end manufacturing demand expands, medium- and high-end steel development space is wide.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.