Three-quarter review 2023: q3 slightly pressurized, zero gas, continued high growth, robotic executioner yield period, keyword: #export orientation
+3.9 pc, mainly the effect of the zero-scale effect of steam + the drop in freight costs for maritime transport + the increase in the share of standardized components + the exchange rate. q3 revenue and profits were slightly lower than expected, mainly due to: 1) the increase in the cost of research and development + the increase in the cost of the zero-fixing pole customers, q3 continued to rise.
+36%, of which 2.37 million were sold by q3 and 26% by comparison; 961.83 million were sold by US/European electric vehicles in the previous August, +55%/+32% by comparison. 1.4 million were sold by core client tesla globally in August, +58% by comparison; 1.83 million were sold globally in Biadi in January/August.
The same +87 per cent is expected to rise further in terms of corporate income; the rest of Volvo, Huobo, Eian, etc. continue to do so. We estimate that the q33 zero revenue rises by more than 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the year-on-year zero industry leads to a decline in conventional refrigeration rings, a structural pull-up of storage energy and microchannels, and a period of production of human robots.
1) q3 Refrigeration industry slows down in the low seasons and margins. Domestic and commercial out-of-sea demand is generally weaker than domestic demand as a result of interest hikes in the dollar, while sales are affected by the war in Russia and Ukraine.
Robots are accelerating, and companies are expected to take a dominant share of the core electron executors, and core components, such as threads, are expected to become self-sufficient and more profitable, thanks to the accumulated advantages of auto heat management and client collaboration.
"Small Wirtschaftsprüfer" (002050): 2022 and the first quarter of 2023: "Small Zero: Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We're downplaying the company because q3's performance is slightly less than market expectations."
Taking into account the medium- and long-term promise of the company ' s human robotic applications, which were granted 36 times the size of 2024, the three major financial forecasting tables, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.