The third quarter of 2023 saw a sustained increase in profitability, focusing on storage energy, new growth points for robotics, and a steady increase in corporate performance. The company achieved business income of $18.976 billion in the first three quarters of 2023.
+21.65 per cent of the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 2,160 million yuan, or 32.68 per cent of the same year. Of these, third is a renewal to strengthen pre-eminence and maintain high growth by the standard customer; in refrigeration, the company is taking the lead in a steady increase in the market share of the products; and the firm is actively seized on energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching,
There has been a steady increase in performance as a result of the development of related operations such as multiple online, cooking power, heat pumps, storage energy. Companies have focused on high-morigin products, benefiting from economies of scale, falling shipping costs, etc., 3nd 52nd week maximum/minimum price
In the first three quarters of the company, the Māori ratio was 27.49%, compared to 2.36 ptt, 675.22 million yuan compared to 0.38 pt. The company focused on core strategic products, continuously optimizing the product structure, high Māori, and high Māori.
High-value-added products account for a rise in the share of higher value-added products, adding up to the fall in the price of external maritime transport, increasing by 60 per cent over the same period with the effect of a company ' s size, with R & D investment in new energy car parts increasing by more than 70 per cent, and companies continuously increasing R & D inputs to safeguard the competitiveness of products and to take on new orders.
The company uses valves, pumps, heat exchangers as a basis for developing component integration and subsystem solutions, upgrading from "mechanical component development" to "electronic control integrated system control technology solutions".
For robotics, the focus is on imitating robotics, machine executives, robotics and electrical control technologies and the company’s existing product, Triple Wisdom (002050.sz)-2023.
The company now has 50 members. The 3-Purpose (002050.sz)-Small Zero business continues to be deployed to develop storage, machine-based electron implementer products, and is expected to be recruited in the next three years.
"Triflower Smart Control (002050.sz) - Zero Refrigerated Double Wheel Drive, 2022 with expertise in the field of mother net sensors, expanding the research and development team to 150 people, expected to be implemented by electromechanical control (002050.sz) and tri-quarterly evaluation - robust growth in harvests, 2022."
The company has established partnerships with a number of clients and has been active in planning the layout of the overseas production of machine and electrical implementers.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Maintain profit forecasts, with companies projected to be two-wheel-drive with zero cooling, and steady growth in performance.
189.6 billion yuan, equal to +21.65 per cent, resulting in a net return of 2,160 million yuan, equal to +32.68 per cent, resulting in an increase in performance as a result of: (a) the continued release of company orders for new energy automobile operations to strengthen front-loading and high growth, with 63.13 million new energy car sales in the country completed in January-September 2023, respectively
Business firms are leading a steady increase in the market share of their products, and they are actively seized of the development of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connected, cooking power, heat pumps, storage energy, etc.
The company ' s Māori ratio was 27.49 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared to +2.36 pct, with a net sales interest rate of 10.58 per cent, compared to +1 pct.q Mainly, the company focused on core strategic products, continuously optimizing the product structure and increasing the ratio of high Māori and high value added products, while the price of external maritime transport fell, and profitability continued to improve as the firm ' s economies of scale increased.
Cost side: Company sales/management/R & D/financial cost rates for the first three quarters of 2023 plus mainly reduced exchange gains/losses, with company R & D investment of $416 million in the third quarter, an increase of 60 per cent over the same period, with R & D investment in spare parts for new energy vehicles increasing by more than 70 per cent, and company R & D investment to upgrade production on a continuous basis
In terms of non-recurrent gains and losses, the company engaged in derivatives operations, including futures contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts, in order to avoid price risks for raw materials and to protect against exchange rate risks, January-September 2023. Futures gains, figure 4.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
The refrigeration/air conditioning electrical parts business remains the global leader. Products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadruple switch valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, car electron expansion valves, new energy vehicle heat management integrated components, and megga pumps are the world’s largest market holders.
In 2022, the company’s zero business added three new production bases, created three new subsidiaries, further improved the global landscape, and now has overseas affiliates in Japan, Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc.
The new energy car heat management product collects $6.67 billion, representing 88% of the revenue from the auto parts business, and fully benefits from the rapid growth in the new energy car industry. The new energy car heat management system has expanded its product class, and the value of the product has increased almost twice as high.
Operations, the heat management system for new energy vehicles increases battery heat management circuits, electrical heat management circuits, adding cooling panels, battery coolers, electronic water pumps, electro-inflated valves, ptc heating or heat pump systems, etc., and the value of core products has increased from $2230 to about $6410, almost twice the value.
The company’s active layout component integration and heat management system program upgrades from “mechanical component development” to “e-control integrated systems control technology solutions.” The product expansion plus technology upgrades, the company’s heat management product single vehicle volume increases further, with the maximum single-car value close to $5,000.
The heat management system component technology adaptation project was completed in 2021, and the share of components is expected to increase. Companies are the first in the world in the use of electro-inflation valves, new energy car heat management integrated component products, with 52% of the company ' s electronic expansion valve market in 2022, and new energy car heat management integrated components based on sales.
Based on the company ' s hand-held orders as of 30 September 2023, the company ' s battery and electronic heat management products, power-driven heat management products, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and microchannel heat exchange units are expected to produce 10,000 units per year and 8 million units per year in 2027.
In terms of incremental operations, the development of storage energy, robotics, etc., and the deployment of new growth points.
The company has a good stock of products and technology, and the storage heat management system solution has been successfully agreed with industry labels. The storage energy business successfully passed through industry pole customers in the first half of 2023, and the company has managed to become a leading supplier of global storage heat management solutions.
Robots: With robotics, the company has focused on imitating robotic machine executives, and has established partnerships with a number of clients with a pre-emptive advantage, and the company will be synchronized with the development, testing, adaptation and landing of its client products, and will be actively planning for the overseas production of machine executives. In 2022, the company will issue a global depository voucher (gdr).
And on the Swiss exchange, funds are being raised to expand corporate globalization, strengthen corporate refrigeration, control components, new energy heat management, and the production of robotic power executives. The company has now formed a 50-man research and development team for robotic power executives products, which will be recruited in the next three years.
Professionals in the fields of electrical control, sensors, etc., have expanded the research and development team to 150, with an expected total product of over 300.In April 2023, the company issued an announcement and signed a strategic collaboration with Green Sioux Synergy Technology Inc.
The framework agreement, in which the two parties will co-finance a joint venture at the Mexican industrial park in Sanhua, which will operate as a harmonic deceleration device, will strengthen cooperation in the robotic industrial chain. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Corporate performance grew robustly and profit projections were maintained, with companies expected to double their net profits from their mothers in 2023-2025 and to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject