21q1 was a beautiful start, and the performance dividend was expected to continue to be released - Sea Sky Industry (603288) was evaluated in the first quarter of 2021, resulting in a net profit of 1.953 billion yuan for the mother, +21.13 per cent for the year, and a basic eps of 0.6.
21q1 was a smooth start, new product classes and new markets performed beautifully \triangleright over-lined, 21q1 channel stock levels were good, and due to spring spring supply delays and low base, I
For sub-products, 21q1 soy sauce/favourite sauce/veal oils, respectively, are generated by product optimization and channel effectiveness, with 21q1 of aphid oil receiving more marketing support; in addition, compounding has led to a strong demand for local consumption; the market speed ring ratio in the east has slowed, or is associated with channel adjustment of stock levels; and central, central,
Emerging areas, such as the north and west, have grown at a significantly higher rate than the rest of the world, largely because of the relatively low income base and the continued increase in the downward and fission of channels. For dealers, there was a net increase of 284 at the end of the 20-year period from the end of 21q1, with a net increase of 48/39/53/74/70 in the east/south/central/north/west, respectively, and the emerging markets are continuing to push down and fission.
The net profit of \triangleright 21q1 is 1.953 billion yuan, or +21.13 per cent of the year, which is basically consistent with the growth rate at the end of the income.
21q1 Māori is 40.94 per cent, corresponding to 4.88 ppt, mainly due to freight adjustment to cost, and although the industry faces certain cost pressures during the first quarter, the company hedges it through such measures as in-house diving and optimization of the product structure. 21q1 gross sales spreads by 0.04 ppt over the same period, maintaining overall stability. Net interest rate: 21q1 net return interest rate of 27.29 per cent, corresponding to -0.12 ppt.
Cost transfers to cost and strict control of marketing costs; management rate of 1.15%, corresponding to +0.05 ppt; R & D forecast for 2021, at the end of revenue: we believe that companies will continue to push down channels and fission, while three groups of goods are robust, and growth and combinations of spices and other new items, with the same 16% increase in annual income, are expected to be achieved.
While the Division has previously announced no price increases, we judge that it may still be able to implement indirect price hikes such as grant reduction, cost reduction, etc., as well as to promote marginal improvements in net interest rates through enhanced production to offset cost pressures. In the long run, the Seafood Industry (603288) reports in 2020:
The product: a sustained focus on the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce sauce, and the year-round success of the mission, the development of the flavour taps can accelerate the development and nurturing of new products such as vinegar, wine, etc., as well as the continuous enhancement of the supply of milk, vinegar, sesame oil (and the purchase of an ensign).
(b) Channels: the company will continue to push further into the source of fission and further development of the township channel through the expansion of the number of salesmen and distributors.
Q: q3 ring bits of growth, with bright performance in the central, western and northern regions, and given the company ' s three-pronged approach to capacity, products and channels, it is expected that future corporate performance will grow faster than industry averages.
Higher prices of raw materials are higher than expected, the channels are less than expected, food safety risks, increased competition in the industry, etc. Corporate financial statement data projections are aggregated
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Securities. Liu Xinjiang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and master in economics. Joined the Institute in 2020, covering, inter alia, spices, meat products, dairy plates.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,