Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Anecdotal events: company reports for the first quarter of 2021, resulting in harvests, net profits to the mother, and deductions to the mother; income analysis: a slight improvement in the aphid oil performance, with an increase of 7.26 billion/yoy+21.7 per cent in the 21q1 battalion in the north central region, 1) sub-grades: soy sauce 4.1 billion/yoy+17.6 per cent,
/ yoy+43%, balanced product development and faster aphid oil growth. 2) Subchannels: 6.8 billion on-line: 284 by-line q1 and 7335 by-line. Seafood (603288)
Profit analysis: excellent control of the fee and almost even net interest rate: Annual targets are exceeded and expected to be new if the impact of the change in accounting standards and reversible freight, among other things, we expect the Māori rate to drop slightly.
The net interest rate of 27.29 per cent, the non-net interest rate at the parent rate, is still largely flat, and represents a better cost and cost-control capability for the company, under greater annual cost pressures.
21-year outlook: Māori is expected to be under pressure at higher costs, and the stock of new products is growing faster, according to which we believe that the company has not had much pressure on its revenue for the next three quarters, with 14% profit growth and 17% profit growth. 21-year companies have continued to develop the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil, fermentation and vinegar.
And to speed up the development of the after-products of compound sauce, chicken sperm, hot pots, vinegar, and to build a new product to build new growth in the future. The seafood industry reports a quarterly review of the excellent cost controls, leading to the start of the industry.
Future outlook: 3 by 5 continues to be a taste-cooler, class, channel-deeper practice qualification code: 2019-2023, five years of the company ' s 3 by 5 plan, and the company will continue to distribute the product on the channel.
Strength, stick to the appetizers and try to grow double-digitally. 1) Goods: further market leadership in the three core categories of soy sauce, alfon oil, and soy sauce, the share of high-end soy sauce products is expected to rise from 40% to 50% from the present level, to do a lot of blubber, to strengthen the new market for soybeans, and soybean.
Research and development and development of new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc.; 2) Channels: Weave network of channels to enhance the development of three- or four-line urban gaps and weak markets and promote steady income growth. Income, profits, 2019-2023, according to the business growth targets of the “3-5” plan of the company
It will maintain a double-digit compound growth. Considering structural upgrading and progress in product volume space, corporate channels, we judge that the probability of a 3 by 5 plan is high and continues to be good for the long term.
The seafood industry, thanks to its distinctive brand, channel, class and size, continues to expand the moat, benefiting from the boost in concentration, consumption, scale, management dividends, etc., and will continue to sustain steady and robust growth in the future, with the “3 by 5” plans expected to be successfully realized.
Taking into account the steady and steady growth in performance and the price premium on the flagship valuation, we're taking stock of the season of the ps. Seafood industry in 2022: excellent control of this fee, leading the industry to start.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.