Seafood Industries (603288): Keeping the performance up fast, q4 positive and efficient q4 returns $5.706 billion in operating income, 14.76 per cent more than year-on-year, net profit of $1.831 billion, 20.62 per cent more than year-on-year, and $0.57 per share.
The net profit from income increases both faster and faster in the central and western regions. During the reporting period, the company fundamentals (update) - 3.71 pct were realized, mainly by adjusting freight costs to operating costs, based on new income criteria.
Promotion fees offset operating income; soy sauce, sauce sauce and aphid oil remain the company's most important products, covering vinegar, chicken sperm, spices, wine and other spices, and are ranked first in production and income for many years in a row.
The combined competitive advantage (last year) was further increased with a Māori ratio of 47.38 per cent, corresponding to 3.pc; and americium oil revenues of $4.11 billion, corresponding to +17.86 per cent, maintaining a faster growth momentum.
The number of distributors has reached 7051, a net increase of 1,245 compared to 2019, achieving 100% coverage in Chinese cities at the local level and above. The number of new distributors in the same period, st plus, and the number of new distributors with high torches, is around 1,000, approximately in the seatime industry.
-4.9 pct, mainly as a result of the adjustment of the freight costs of product sales to operating costs; management, financial and R & D rates are generally stable. The overall net interest rate is the company’s future point. (1) The market for a variety of products such as soy sauce, aphid oil, fermentation sauce, etc.
The scale is in the lead, even the absolute lead, which effectively provides the basis for subsequent enterprise development and reduces the risk of development; (2) continues to scale up the productive capacity of the production base, while the smart base continues to build up its productive capacity, with an increase of 450,000 tons per year.
Construction of the housing base phase II project, with an increase of 200,000 tons in annual capacity, and the start of the multi-territory production base, allowing the release of more than 1 million tons of appetizer production capacity, depending on the actual sales situation, will provide productive security for the stable development of the market.
Impediments: (3) At retail terminals, companies speed up the listing of more new products, such as fire, boilers, naked sauce, fast composites, etc.
Step-by-step: (4) The company, as an absolute leader in the industry, has a huge brand value, and as consumers become more aware of their brand, their channels are sinking, district coverage continues to rise, and there is much room for improvement in the future.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.