A robust business, multi-means high-speed pressure on hedge costs, research brief on the sea weather industry (603288) Resurfacing downstream channels in 2021, with a high probability of a year-round business target being met
In terms of downstream demand, the demand for catering channels has now recovered to about 80% - 90% of normal year levels, and the demand for end-of-end consumption channels has declined from fire to normal levels during the same period last year, while the end-of-pipe competition has increased and there is a high stock of channels.
Full-source real demand recovery is expected to be close to normal, but it is still slightly below the overall economic recovery. But corporate management remains confident that it will meet the 16% income-side growth target throughout the year, and we expect that companies will have a high probability of completing their targets throughout the year and that the enterprise as a whole will remain relatively robust.
The in-house diving and fee-control strategy will effectively hedge the cost-side pressure The unit, compared to the depth of 300, is currently experiencing price increases for soybeans mainly in futures prices, which are relatively low-impacted.
The company currently purchases soybeans mainly as spot bean, although prices will be affected by futures, but there is usually a difference of about two months from futures to spot. The company has a long-term relationship with the main supplier and is affected by factors such as the procurement cycle, the supply and demand of spot prices, the quality of soybeans, and soybeans, as long as spot prices do not fluctuate in extremes.
The cost of purchasing can be effectively controlled. With respect to Maori, the company will continue to drive the expansion of the class of goods in the future, influenced by factors such as the low size effect of the new class, and the overall Māori rate may fall slightly, but the Māori rate for core products such as soy sauce and acetylene is expected to remain stable. With regard to cost inputs, the company has sufficient capacity to control fees and improve operating efficiency.
In general, the competitiveness of the future industry will continue to grow, and companies are expected to push up costs and peer competition through such means as in-house drilling, expansion, and so on. Looking ahead, 2021, at the income end: we believe that companies will continue to push their channels to sink and crack, while three broad categories of products will continue to compete.
The goal of a 16% annual increase in income is expected to be achieved with robust growth and a combination of new products, such as condiments. Profit ends: Although companies have previously announced no price increases, we judge that it is possible to implement indirect price hikes such as grant reduction, cost reduction, etc., which add up to hedge cost pressures by strengthening the production of refined products and ultimately promote marginal improvements in net interest rates in the long run.
The product is a continuous focus on the three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil, sauce sauce, while accelerating the development and nurturing of new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc., and continuing to increase their resilience to corruption.
The importance attached to small products such as milk, vine, sesame oil (merger and purchase of petrels), fire boilers, medium retortion, and cooking oil; channels: the company will continue to push for further development of the township channel through the expansion of the number of salesmen and distributors in the future.
With the successful completion of the year's mission and a three-pronged development of the appetizers, it is expected that in the future the company will grow faster than the industry average and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Review: o3 ring speed growth, bright performance in the central, western and northern regions, increased competition in the industry, higher prices of raw materials, less than expected expansion of channels, food safety risks, etc.
The company ' s financial statement data projections are summarized in Jed, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts.
Liu Guanghi, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, Master of Economics. Joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2020, covering, inter alia, spices, meat products, dairy plates.