The Centre for Upgrading Consumption and Recreational Studies is a resilient and well-managed company for all categories and channels.
On 29 April, the company published its first quarterly report, 2021, and q1 achieved operating income of $7.158 billion in 2021, an increase of 21.65 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was $1,953 million, an increase of 21.13 per cent in the same year.
In 2021, q1 achieved operating income of $40.98/11.6983 million, compared with the recovery of the policy and catering markets in the past year, allowing companies to maintain robust growth, balanced market development across regions, increased control by the public administration over pipeline stocks, price systems, and continued to show a strong operational advantage.
2. The three-quarterly review of the seafood industry - a robust growth trend with a strong cost balance and a sustained ahead of profits: company q1 Māori is 40.94%, close to the new Māori rate. The current cost environment for raw materials and packages shows upward trends, but companies are making a difference.
3. " Seafood Trades Report - Strong Channels for Demand Recovering " , 2020.8.28. This is a strong smoothing capacity, coupled with control over channel price systems, and Māori rates are expected to maintain better water.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, due to pre-positioning by distributors at the end of 20 years, resulting in larger amounts of pre-collected accounts and taxes on items to be sold at the beginning of the year, a return to normality at the end of the quarter, and a decline in contractual and other current liabilities. The company accelerated the contribution of new products and sunk channels based on excellent management capabilities and platform advantages, and q1 continued to grow.
Liu Xingxing exploits the potential for downfall, with a net increase of 74 and 60 dealers in the northern and western regions and 48/39/53 in the eastern/southern/central regions. Meanwhile, the number of items such as vinegar, alcohol, etc. has accelerated.
The king’s snow-sniffing market, with complex condensed product capacity constraints resolved, is expected to be effectively released. The downside risk is macroeconomic, the end-consumption recovery is less than expected, and there is a risk of regional competition dynamics changing.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment