The Centre for the Improvement of Consumption and Recreational Studies of the National Golden Leafs grew by 19.6 per cent, of which q4 received $5,706 million, an increase of 14.8 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of the mother.
The effects of the epidemic are becoming less severe, and the dietary reheating channels continue to be released below the line. For one product, soy sauce/sale oil/falconic sauce has generated 130.4/41.1.252 billion yuan each year, compared to the same year, and the acceleration of the rings has slowed down in stock stacks and flavour seasons.
Longer and faster, sub-line channels have been steadily restored, and the central and western markets have seen higher harvests, highlighting the expansion of corporate distributors and the downfall of channels. There has been a steady increase in profitability, and sales costs have been optimized.
2. " Seafood Trades: Reclaiming Needs through Strong Channels " , 2020.8.28 compared to 3.71 pcts, mainly due to adjustments in accounting standards, adjustment of freight costs to operating costs, elimination of sales promotion costs
Revenues, but the single q4 Māori ratio is 41.86%, ring ratio + 0.99%, and companies are experiencing pressure on raw materials. 3. Short-term income pressure, long-term industrial competitiveness - and a steady increase in profitability with the advantage of business size. At the cost end, 20 years of company sales.
Seafood Trades Assessment Report, 2020.4.27 The product matrix continues to diversify and the channel fissures remain steady and secure in its share of the market.
In addition to the three core business lines, the Division is actively engaged in cross-border exploitation of the vinegar business, with 20q3 more responsive to market demand, and the trend is towards the introduction of hot boiler bottom products, which in the future are expected to contribute to the expansion of the business in the less dynamic season and to the development of a fully developed platform-type conservatory company.
On the other hand, it actively promotes the fission and sinking of channels, steadily digging for and covering three or four-line cities and empty, weak markets, and regressive positions during the epidemic, which, in our view, are expected to sustain the industry’s leading edge and taste with its own brand and channel power.
Liu Xing Xing, the product industry will take a strong share of the market, and is expected to harvest the same amount in 21-23.
End-consumption recovery has not been as anticipated, prices of raw materials have changed, and food safety issues have been addressed.