Sea weather industry (603288.sh) Quarterly performance of 30/04/2021 met expectations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating
Billions of dollars, or 21.1% more than in the same year, have kept our profit projections unchanged, with companies expected to have a long-term net home-to-home advantage for the period 2021-2023, firms increasingly competing, and multi-product development market shares still expanding, with platforms for business potential. We have long cycles of “buy-in” ratings for the future of the sea.
• Industry pressure has increased and sea weather is still on track to complete its mission. On the one hand, local outbreaks in the pre-spring 2021 season have left the catering sector unreconciled and the taste industry under pressure. On the other hand, there is a slight stock of company channels at the end of 2020.
A high growth rate of 21.7 per cent was achieved, with 27 per cent of the year’s assignments completed in the quarter running at a fast pace. There was a net increase of 284 to 7335 distributors.
The decline in the Māori ratio of 2021q1 as compared to the sales cost rate of 4.9 pct is due mainly to the adjustment of freight charges from the top to the cost of sales. The decline in Māori rates should be due to higher raw material costs and changes in product structure (low Māori ratio ratio); the fall in sales costs is due mainly to higher spending during the epidemic.
High-base-level effects. Over the 2021 outlook, with high cost pressures, the Māori rate may drop slightly, but the fee, Corporate Information Updates-Stable Words, the platform ' s effective investment can contribute to a steady increase in net interest rates and is expected to maintain a target increase of 18 per cent throughout the year.
Corporate Information Update - Performance meets expectations, sea-based channels continue to fine-tune cultivation, new distributors encrypt markets, and channels are more powerful.
Channel prices are regulated, channels are regulated, and markets are well-developed. New products, composite spices, edible oils, Corporate Information Updates - a little more than expected, and so on, are gradually laid out and will build new growth points for the future.