The Great Wall Automobile (601633) marches into the Indian market, expands the city overseas, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WIRDC) is next.
Events: The company signed an agreement with General Motors to acquire the General Motors Tarigan factory in India, which is scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2020.
The company will have two major production plants in Russia and India, as well as overseas kd assembly plants in Malaysia, Ecuador, Tunisia, and Bulgaria. The Indian market will have a large population and a long demographic dividend in the future, and the Indian market in 2019.
With only 22 car holdings and 4.51 million cars in 2019, India has greater potential for future development. At the same time, India is at the north end of the Indian Ocean, Mumbai is one of India’s financial centres, one of its three ports, and India’s layout can open the Indian market, much more so in the Middle East and Africa.
It is important for the Indian market to be an important part of the company’s strategy abroad. The open-source winding-up is taking place at the same time, and business improvements are becoming more sustainable.
Further improvements in product competitiveness, which now forms four major traditional systems of m, h, f and wey, while high-end pyka cannons will consolidate the company's leading position in the pickup market; 2. Technology reserves support differentiated layouts and enhance product competitiveness, with a new platform or a new one to be marketed in 2020, providing a richer incentive for consumers
Selection, which will also compensate for the short cut in light quantification; 3. Sustained improvement in marketing: gradual introduction of marketing talent, starting in 2018, to compensate for the company's short cut at the end of the marketing process; 4. Reduction of initial results, “introduction” and “out” of the procurement system, which are expected to contribute to further cost exploration, along with the company's share of spare parts operations
2. The Great Wall car (601633): sales continue to look good, and the Wall is showing good performance (2019-11-08).
Great Wall Cars (601633): Three-quarters performance exceeded expectations. Business improvements continued (2019-10-27) Major vehicle models performed well (2019-10-13)
Great Wall Cars (601633): Growth in sales maintained in August and export performance remained strong (2019-09-10) 6. Wall Cars (601633): Rationalization of incentives, Chang
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.