Alternative consumption of automobiles and auto parts and components, repromotion of incentive schemes, emphasis on talent (Pacific Auto 2020 strategic recommendation) Events: The company recently reissued the draft equity incentive scheme, which is intended to be awarded to the incentive audience
Reasonable performance appraisals, effective talent incentives. This stock incentive appraisal involves a double examination of sales and net profits over the next three years, with the impact of the 2020-2021 stock incentive targets compared to the last (draft published in September 2019).
The 2020 target for sales has been fine-tuned to 40,000, but the profit target calls for an increase of 200 million dollars and an increase in corporate governance requirements. Through the equity incentive scheme, performance over the next three years is firmly supported, but in essence, if the industry recovers gradually, sales and performance are expected to be exceeded.
Nearly 2,000 beneficiaries benefited the core staff. The total number of incentives awarded for the first time was a total market value/flow (millions of dollars).
Directors, executives of companies with the highest/minimum part of 12 months. A broad and effective range of incentives will benefit more people, leaving less core talent to be effective in corporate development and share the dividends of corporate growth.
The Great Wall Cars (601633) is intended to acquire a general Indian factory, sub-entitled stock and tenure rights for three instalments after 12 months, and effectively binds the core workforce for long-term development.
The idea of institutional innovation has changed, with a strong focus on talent. The last draft of the equity incentive scheme was further controlled by the Great Wall Car (601633) in December, and the shareholders rejected it, but the firm’s commitment to talent has not changed.
People have been one of the company’s most valued assets, and in recent years companies have continued to bring in a variety of core technical experts and senior management.
Great Wall Cars (601633) Actively Optimizing Stock, High-end Effective Retention of Talent and Tilting of Interests through Effective Equity Incentives, Sound Incentives at the same time
It also helps companies to attract more talented people in the future.
The heart, which is a major change in management philosophy and upgrading, is to create a new engine for future growth by providing equity incentives to retain more good people. The current epidemic is affecting the short-term sale of cars, but the medium- and long-term recovery of the industry is not changing, with the Wall as an autonomous brand.
At the same time, the level of cost control and integrated management is constantly improving, and the sector is recovering with a net annual return profit of 4.3 billion yuan/50 billion yuan, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.