Selectable car and car spare parts at the end of February, ready to bounce (Pacific Auto 2020 strategic recommendation) Event: company released February sales fast, resulting in an overall sales of 110023 vehicles, down compared to the previous year
85.48 per cent of them, including 7148 Huff brands, 451 Wey brands and 2,227 pickups (1037 of them) sold over 90,000 vehicles in the previous two months. The outbreak affected short-term sales, and it was clear at the end of the month.
The end-side and logistics end are severely constrained, starting to recommence gradually in mid-to-late, but, owing to the extensive industrial chain, sales recovery is slow and short-term sales are under pressure. At the same time, the historical bottom of a single month’s sales is clear, and as the epidemic improves, it will gradually rebound.
One, still at the top of the suv market, is still competitive during a special period. Although there are only 2,227 pickups, market ownership is around 43%, maintaining market kingship, total equity/flow (million shares)
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) is undaunted, with a reboundable period. In the event of a special event, the vehicle company produces and distributes short-term channels.
There's a certain delay in sales, but the demand for automobile consumption has not disappeared, and in a special period, the Great Wall car (601633) has grown, and in the second half of the year, the need for cars is expected to increase and to stimulate demand from the users of the initial purchases without having to go to the short-term market.
The net profit has nearly doubled (the Pacific Car 2020 strategy is too worrying. The company’s value-for-money advantage is highlighted by the fact that part of the stock market in March has gone well, and the average daily sales of pickups has exceeded 500, and the company is expected to take the lead when the epidemic gets better.
Great Wall Cars (601633) Proposed Acquisition of General Thai Plants, Internationalization with One Wing (Pacific Vehicle 2020 Strategy Recommendations) - 2020/02/17
Investment proposals: corporate sales in February are under short-term pressure due to the impact of the epidemic, while short-term car consumption.
We'll continue to recommend the Great Wall in 2020, and we'll expect the company to return to the Institute in 19/20.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.