Alternative car and car parts proposed to acquire a general Indian factory, a step further on the path of internationalization (the Pacific 2020 strategic recommendations) Events: In recent days, a deal was reached between the company and the general automobile on the acquisition of a general car, the Tarigan factory in India.
At the conference, according to a letter of intent signed by the two parties, General Motors India, including the Tarigan factory, would be handed over to the Great Wall Car, and the agreement would have to be approved by the Government and the relevant regulatory authorities.
About 3-4 million vehicles, the highest in the world, fell sharply in 2019, owing to economic downturns, including the Indian Car Market, which fell by about 20% in the car market. General Motors, based on a global strategy, is considering selling the Indian Tarigan factory, a company that is in the middle of a slump in the Indian Car Market.
In February 2020, the company will officially show up India’s Delhi car with the Hafer brand and the Wallev model, and will launch an Indian market strategy to advance to the Indian market.
Total equity/flow (million shares) India ' s car market has great potential to take advantage of the opportunities to enter the Middle East and African markets. India has a large population and is a year old 10. 55/5.56
Lightening, with a long-term demographic dividend and a potential for rapid economic growth, according to World Bank data, in 2019 the Indian market had a stock of only 22 people, with no market, the Great Wall Car (601633) further controls the stock in December.
In addition, India is located at the north end of the Indian Ocean, where Maharashtra, the factory site, is closing in year-round growth (the Pacific Automobile 2020 strategy attracted the largest foreign investment in India, with Mumbai, the capital of India, being the financial center, the three largest financial centres in India).
Recommended - One of the ports 2020/01/09, which could open up the Indian market and expand the Middle East and Africa to the west.
It's a beautiful model. The Great Wall's global layout is already being developed, and it's proposed. - 2019/12/09.
There are various R&D centers in the US, Germany, Austria, India, Japan, etc.
High-end Pyka "Charlie" -- 2019 Pacific Cars now in production as the highest-sized overseas factory in the country, Wey's brand will open its annual strategic recommendation in 2021) - 2019/11/07
The process of internationalization will take a step further. Investment proposals: After the Russian plant opened up the Eastern European market in 2019, the company’s internationals will be able to take a step closer to the internationalization of the company.
The road to transformation is moving further towards India, and the future is much more promising. The industry is at the bottom of the set, with companies still having a certain resilience when the industry recovers, and the Pacific Cars will have a renewed strategy to recommend the Wall in 2020, and the company is expected to return $4.9 billion net profit in 19-20 years.
A$60 billion to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.