Alternative car and car parts proposed for acquisition of a general Thai factory, internationalization of another wing (Pacific Auto 2020 Strategic Recommendation) Event: On 17 February, the Wall and General Motors jointly announced that the Wall would be acquired.
The factory where the car was built in the Luong Palace of Thailand. According to a binding letter signed by the two sides, General Motors Thailand, which includes the Luonghouse Motors Factory and the Motivated Momentum Plant, will be handed over to the Great Wall, and the two sides are planning to complete the deal and finally hand over the agreement by the end of 2020.
The internationalization has added a new dimension to the march towards ASEAN and Australia. This is a project to acquire Thai assets, including the Luang Dynasty Motors Plant and the Motivated Motivation Plant.
Internationalization adds a new dimension. Luo Yong Dynasty is an important industrial base in Thailand, with “East Detroit” aliases, where complementary facilities and human resources are clearly superior, while at the “crossroads” of the world's routes, where transport logistics are easily accessible and where the future will move to ASEAN and Australia through the Thai base support company.
The company's advantages are matched by the company's advantages. The company's owner produces world-class pickups and suvs, while the Great Wall car itself is the country's share capital/flow (million shares) of the country's suv and pickups.
It is expected that the cost of re-inputing and re-engineering will also be minimal in the future. ASEAN markets have great potential, and the ratio of pickups is much higher.
In addition to the region's stable economic growth, many countries or regions are among the world's leading contributors to the Great Wall Cars (601633).
The situation has affected short-term sales (the Pacific Car 2020 strategy, the city’s pickup can be expected to replicate domestic advantages gradually opening up South-East Asian markets.
Investment proposals: After the company plans to acquire a generic Indian factory in January, it has recently re-emerging its generalists.
Two iron fists, one based in India, radiating westwards to the Middle East and Africa, and one long-city vehicle (601633), a proposed acquisition of a generic Indian factory.
We expect the company to make $4.3 billion/$50 billion in 19/20 to maintain the Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.