The internationalization strategy continues, with a proposal to “buy in” on February 17, the Wall's official announcement that the Wall's car would buy the General Motors in Thailand.
According to the company’s updated stock and options incentive program, the company’s 2020-2022 sales appraisal criteria and the expansion of capacity reflect the firm’s confidence in expanding sales and increasing market access. We expect the company to be in a better position to do so.
On February 17, the Great Wall and General Motors announced that the Great Wall would buy General Motors from the Luong Dynasty manufacturing plant in Thailand, including the Luong Dynasty auto factory and power plant. Both sides plan to complete it by the end of 2020.
The Great Wall is expected to expand the map in the ASEAN region as soon as the acquisition is complete. Prior to that, on January 17, the Great Wall had an agreement with the General Motors to acquire the Indian Tarigan factory, which is expected to be in the second half of 2020.
The deal was completed; Hafer brands and Wallev are now on the Indian market, and they are now on display at the beginning of February of this year at the Delhi International Car Fair. So, after the company's complete construction of the entire Russian car factory in June of 19th, institutional investors made up the share in circulation.
In the post-natal period, the corporate globalization strategy was laid down in early 2020. In January-December 2019, the company cumulatively exported 65,000 vehicles, an increase of 38.7 per cent over the previous year, accounting for 6.1 per cent of total company sales throughout the year, and the volume of corporate exports is expected to continue to rise as internationalization progresses.
Due to spring days factors, the company sold approximately 28% of the cars in January: 80,000 cars in January, and 28% in January, the larger drop in the number of cars in January was mainly due to early spring holidays. This month’s pickup was impressive, with 134,000 trucks in January, while yoy + 17% of them were sold in January.
On the suv side, the company’s stock of pipelines was dominated this month, with the Hafer brand selling 59,000 vehicles per month, or yoy-32%. m of these vehicles sold 14,000 vehicles in June, yoy-+18%, which was low during the base period last year.
In the case of cars, 1300 cars were sold in the month, or 66%. As a result of the epidemic, corporate sales are expected to drop significantly in the quarter, but I am not.
The company’s confidence in expanding sales and increasing the market share is reflected in the company’s incentive scheme’s standard setting and expansion of capacity. We expect the company’s net profits (expected return; er) in 2019, 2020, and 2021 to prevail, as follows: