The American group (000333.sz) Wang Wei Chul
Corporate performance: The company realized business income of $20.576 billion, y0y + 10.1%, recorded net profits of $17.9 billion, yoy + 19.4% (after deductions of yoy + 23.5%) and eps 2.72 yuan. The company achieved revenues of $63.13 billion, yoy + 1.0%, and recorded net profits of $4.96 billion in q3 quarter.
(b) yoy+18.6 per cent (after deduction of yoy+16.5 per cent). The company ' s net rate of increase in q3 was in line with expectations, but the rate of increase in revenue was influenced by the industry as a whole, and the rate of increase in q3 battalion fell: the rate of increase in the company ' s q3 battalion was lower, with sub-operations taken into account: (1) AC sales are expected to be equal to the same rate due to weather and factors during last year ' s high base period; (2)
Laundry machines, refrigerators affected by real estate and company price increases are expected to maintain a single-digit increase in q3; (3) small household electricity is expected to maintain a single-digit increase due to high base periods and active inventory clean-up of some products; (4) kukaq3 sales are expected to increase by around 7 per cent over the same period, with quarterly increases recovering.
In return, annual revenues are expected to reach €3.3 billion in 2018 (same as in the previous year), with the current Kuka product structure improving and the Māori rate increasing: while corporate q3 revenues have slowed down as a result of industry, corporate efforts to optimize the product structure are becoming increasingly visible at the Māori end: companies have changed over time.
These efforts have resulted in a 1.9 percentage point increase in the company’s q3 Māori ratio over the same period.
To 27.5%. In terms of cost rates, subject to exchange rate fluctuations, the company ' s q3 financial cost rate has decreased on a year-on-year basis. Overall, the company ' s net interest rate of q3 has increased by 1.1 percentage points on a year-on-year basis, guaranteeing a robust increase in net profits.
The integration of the swans. We believe that the integration of the swans will benefit the United States in a comprehensive and integrated manner, and that the resources of the clothing plate will create synergies within the branding effect, global client networks, scale premiums, research and development, and create synergies that will further enhance America's global household power.
In the short term, the downside of real estate will place some pressure on the entire power industry, but the company will be able to achieve relatively robust growth with its dominant advantage. From the medium to the long term.
The company's integration of Toshiba, clivet, small swans, etc. will enhance its technological strength and global influence, and will benefit the company's long-term development, and the consolidation of the Kuka Group will allow the public to stand directly at the height of smart manufacturing, increase efficiency and expand new growth. We anticipate that
We continue to offer “buy-in” investment advice with a relatively low level of firm buy-backs, highlighting the prospects for future development and recognition of the bottom of the company’s value base.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.