The empire's reassembly and then it's going to go to a multi-level layout that will make sure that on October 31st, 2018, the U.S.
During the reporting period, in the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of $20,740.5 million, an increase of 10.46 per cent, a net profit of $17.9 billion, an increase of 19.35 per cent and a return of $2.72 per share of the company, an increase of 17.75 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company earned 63,669 million yuan, a small increase of 101 per cent over the three quarters of the year, the net profit from maternity was $4,963 million, an increase of 18.55 per cent over the same period, and the port of entry was slightly lower than market expectations. The main reasons for this were the three-quarters of the air conditioner market and the downside of the overall market for washing machines.
For air conditioners as a whole, the peak period is usually March-June. According to industry online data, the average number of air conditioners sold in March-June during the last 15 years amounted to 47.1% of the year, while the down-scaling phase has been calculated since July. However, as a result of the unusually high temperatures in July 2017, which led to an unusually high base of air conditioners in the last three quarters of the year, it was inevitable that the air conditioner market was reversed in the last three quarters of the year.
There is a slight decline in the impact and restructuring of the company’s internal products. Other refrigerators, cooking power, and small household appliances in consumer appliances are well divided, combined, leading to a small recovery. We judge that the air-conditioning market fundamentals will continue to be pressurized, while consumer appliances are expected to improve.
A ten-year merger of swans has finally been a success, and the carrier has been restructured to be a better hit. The company has announced its intention to combine shares to absorb the swans, and we judge it to strengthen the group, promote synergy, and boost the resilience of the group.
This year, the company intends to complete the full equity consolidation of the small swans, which is based on the strategic deployment of the current small swan valuation returns, in conjunction with the strategic deployment of the current swan valuation opportunities, and which will facilitate the subsequent group’s further intervention, enhance synergies among the groups and lend them to them.
In order to cross the cycle of multiplicity, the medium- and long-term layout guarantees certainty. The advantages of company multi-temporal configurations will become increasingly apparent in the current market environment, providing certainty for the domestic electricity market.
The short- and medium-term US’s introduction of a new high-end brand, Colmo, promotes a “new-sales” strategy to supplement the short-end markets of middle- and high-end sellers.
The brand, which is positioned at the ai tech household, responds to the growing demand for high-end markets under China’s consumption differentiation, competing with other local high-end and foreign-capital high-end brands, and will further improve the profitability of companies as they market their first products in December. The medium-term layout is diversified in the off-sale area.
Nearly 44%, and this is a logical incremental development strategy at a time when the pattern of internal sales is becoming increasingly concentrated. And it is worth noting that, in the face of widespread concerns in the market over the risks posed by US trade sales, companies have a very low regional share of business in the US, accounting for about 5% of their calibre at the beginning of the year.
The amount of space is 376 million, 509 million and 707 million, respectively, and, with local economic development, is becoming the next increase in global domestic power, long-term strategic positioning robotics. With America’s acquisition of the German Kuka, the joint venture of Japan, the acquisition of Israel’s high-intensity, and the combination of its own service robotics, America’s strategic layout of the robotics industry is at an early stage, and America’s strategic synergy with Kuka’s strategy is driving industry.
With the growth of robotic orders and the gradual implementation of robotic expansion, we believe that the company’s internal sales market has a significant long-term strategic advantage over the state of high demand for industrial robots. As the backbone of the entire industry chain of home-based electricity, companies perform with great certainty within the industry.
As the company's integration of small swans for stock swaps and the gradual deployment of multi-tier strategic deployments, corporate industrial cohesion, intersectoral synergies, and stress resistance have increased.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are the third most accurate real estate industry." Today, 2016, Investing in the SkyEyoma Real Estate industry analyzes my own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies