The U.S. Group (000333) household appliances industry is slowing down and the strategic integration of industry maps is taking place at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2018, yielding $20.576 billion in revenue in the first three quarters, representing an increase of 10.1 per cent; net profit on maternity 17.9 billion, representing an increase of 19.3 per cent in the same year; net profit on deductions from maternity 17.26 billion, representing an increase of 23.5 per cent in the same period. q3 quarter, yielding a revenue of 63.13 billion yuan, representing an increase of 1 per cent in the same period; net profit on maternity
With a profit of $4.96 billion, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period, the new cold year for air conditioners is unfavourable and the industry is slowing down. Starting in the second half of the year, the air conditioner industry is downwinding, with a high base and rising stock pressure, and the air conditioners are starting to show negative growth.
The q3 air conditioners have also declined as a result of adverse openings, double-digit drops in air conditioners, and the company has actively pursued the “t+3” strategy to change the pattern of sales of q3-pressures in the past, in the cold years. Depending on factors such as real estate, macroeconomics, and international relations, there are differences in ice washing, cooking power, small household power, and export plates.
Q3’s growth rate has slowed or declined, and so q3’s growth rate has fallen, roughly at the same rate as last year, and we expect a small drop in sales of company products, with the average price increase resulting from product upgrading contributing to the main increase. • Profitability continues to increase, and cash flows remain strong. Q3’s overall Māori rate has risen by 27.5%, compared to the previous year.
1.9 pp, affected by the devaluation of the renminbi, the financial cost rate was 1.2%, a decrease of 2 pp in the same year. The combined effect was 13.6% more than at the beginning of the year; the operating cash flow was 12 billion yuan, a 94% increase over the same period last year.
Under the corporate business system, the smaller swans have been acting as the cleaners department, and as the company plans to build high-end brands and expand the international market, the two-market platform is more restricted. The new stock absorbs the consolidated swans, which is a strategic level integration of corporate industrial puzzles that can make a better use of the various business departments.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.