The United States group will be able to update the conditions for the privatization of the small swans on November 21, and we believe that the chances for success will increase.
1.1158 shares and 0.9056 new shares in exchange for a share and b shares of small swans, which is equivalent to a premium per share.
It is recommended that investors pay attention to the arbitrage opportunities. In addition, the new bid approval process is still in progress: according to the announcement issued on November 21, the small swans and the United States' respective boards of directors have agreed to the acquisition.
If so, both companies will have to obtain the SEC’s consent before the project can be handed over. The SEC’s approval is more formal.
New shares will be exchanged for small swans a, b shares to buy 47% of their remaining shares. According to the most recent announcement, US$ 37.824 billion will be exchanged for small swans for 11158 shares and 0.9056 shares of new shares.
a,b shares, if the project is successfully handed over, the swans will distribute a special sum of RMB 4.0 per share in the long term benefit: privatization or amortization of the swans will be about 2 per cent per share in 2019 (the net profit increase will have an amortization effect of about 5 per cent) offset by an increase in the net profit.
Small swans, beautiful and colmo brand washing machines are less competitive internally, and the performance of beauty is expected to improve. We believe that unified marketing channels and better branding will bring more competitiveness to beautiful washing machines.
Jeffdorr-analyst. New conditions make small swan shareholders more attractive: under the new acquisition program, small swans, Zhang Shoe-analyst.
In addition, the new scheme shows that the small swanb shares receive the equivalent of HK$45, at a premium of about 9% over the HK$41.43 that was received yesterday.
The study is not directed at or intended to be issued or used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside certain jurisdictions whose distribution, publication, provision or use would be contrary to applicable local laws or regulations or would result in the registration or licensing of Galactic International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and/or the making of a statement or assurance (express or implied) of certainty, correctness or integrity by members of their group within that jurisdiction.
This report should not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any article. Past performance should not be regarded as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and the absence of a statement or warrant, express or implied, is made in response to future performance.
The investment decisions of the company (“China Galaxy International”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“relevant persons”) were consistent.