The sales of existing products are stable, and the price of raw materials is increasing.
In the third quarter of the company, 2,968 million yuan was collected, an increase of 37.64 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the parent company was 130 million yuan, an increase of -13.93 per cent in the same year; the net profit withheld from the non-belonging parent company was 138 million.
Long, long-term growth in R & D pipelines has been substantial, and the company's third quarter has seen revenues of 2,968 million yuan, an increase of 37.64 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 138 million yuan in the non-belonging parent division, an increase of 9.89 per cent in the same year.
We believe that the main reason is the steady growth in the sale of the company’s existing products, coupled with the increase in the price of raw materials; the Department’s research and development pipeline is rich, with several products breaking out in 2017, and the company’s long-term performance is on track.
A steady growth of the formulation plate, the influence of the environment, the growth of performance, the future increase.
Quick release, restricted 3. Collon Pharmaceuticals: Infusion taps complete antibiotic resistance, vegetable industry chain layout, research and development innovation drive.
1. The company ' s current product line sales have been stable and the price of raw materials has increased its performance for three quarters. We believe that both the company ' s fluid and agent operations have experienced steady growth, which has continued the reported growth trend, including the recovery of new liquids, the Acetic Pulam, and so on.
From the beginning of the year to the present, the company’s main drug product, sulfur red, rose from 315 yuan/kg in January to 9 yuan/kg. Sulfur red was the company’s main product for the first phase of the company, which was fully produced in January-September. We believe that the increase in sulfur red has contributed significantly to the growth of the company’s performance in the third quarter.
Figure 2: Changes in Sulphur Red Prices in January-September 2017. The company ' s two other raw pharmaceutical products, 6-apa and 7-aca, also increased their prices this year, from 175 and 345 kg at the beginning of the year to 210 and 390 kg in September, respectively.
However, with higher prices, Kawaning’s loss can still be compensated for. We believe that, as Kawaning achieves full production through environmental acceptance in the second phase, he will contribute to the performance gains for Collon in the future.
2. The R & D pipeline is rich and the company ' s long-term performance is growing.
32 batch projects. In January-September 2017, the company made progress on seven projects, including the Dossier injection, the recombinant anti-vegfr2 monoclonal antibody injection, the alamine amino acid (18) " kl100137 fat milk injection fluid, the small molecular anti-cancer drug kl070002 and the recombinant anti-pd-l1 humanization list.
Corporate R & D is strong and focuses on R & D inputs. Corporate R & D investment has been increasing year by year in recent years, reaching $393 million in the first half of the year, and is expected to make a breakthrough of 800 million a year.
“Low-to-go” increases corporate Māori and sales-to-cost rates. The company’s Māori and sales-to-cost rates have increased over the last three quarters, and the net interest rate and management-to-cost rates have stabilized.
The company now focuses on promoting the creation of a sales team, and the new product can be marketed as quickly as possible, making faster profits. While the public sector’s short-term performance has fluctuated, we believe that long-term companies are still better growing, so we maintain “sustainability”
Increased risk of factor cost escalation, loss of profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risk, exchange rate risk, drug price reduction risk.