The collen drug industry (002422) has improved markedly in the single quarter, and the performance of the product price increases will break out on a seasonal basis at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Millions of yuan, or 28.1% of the year; 40 million yuan, or 15.9% of the year, of the net profit on deductions and later on to the mother; and improvements in the performance of the operating cash flow at single-quarters, where performance will break out on a seasonal basis in the context of product price increases. The growth in net profits on revenue and repatriation achieved by the company in the first three quarters was +26.5% and -28.1%, respectively, and the performance met expectations.
The production capacity has not been fully released and is now over 50%, but it is still in a state of loss. In view of changes in the price of the core product of the Trunchin project, wind data show that the price of the first Sulphur Red September was 360 yuan per kilogram, a 20% increase compared to the annual dollar: 390 yuan per kilogram in September, and 13% increase compared to 345 at the beginning of the year.
We believe that by the end of the year, the Trentin project will have achieved a good performance in 2018, with an estimated rate of environmental acceptance, after the Trentin project is completed. The other major fluids and non-revenue formulations continue to show a high rate of growth, including clinker water, needles, rehabilitation of new fluids, and acetic accelerates.
In 2012, the company developed a “triple-driven” development strategy, in which innovation was driven by the company’s most important perspective. Since 2013, the company has invested in R & D.
Two hundred million yuan has been built into a research and development team of 1,200 people, and the research and development team is at the top of the country’s ranks. By July, it is expected to produce: (2) international counterfeiting: an insect-free agent at the end of 2018, fda in 2019, all of which have been approved for clinical batches: 4) biopharmaceuticals: the infusion specification of the fluid is about to be completed.
Remolu single anti-similars, human blood plate-generative platinum-fc integrated protein and pd-l1 innovative anti-protein have been reported clinically: 5) new agent-type drugs: Uthrin protein nanoparticles and ILOCs have been approved. From the research lines, it is expected that 5-15 products will be marketed consecutively each year starting in 2018.
We believe that, with the growth-driven energy of research and development, the impact of new products on performance will gradually become apparent, while corporate valuations are expected to increase.
The power incentives are tied, the firm’s performance points are clear, and future performance and valuation are expected to rise at the same rate, while the Colon Pharmaceutical Industry (002422): Intensity of R & D inputs in large fluids and specialist forms will push firm development space up. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating will be maintained.
The risk of an outbreak (2017-08-30), the price or downfall of the core raw material, the risk of production management or major problems is expected to start in four quarters.
Cullen Pharmacy (002422): Kawaning's losing power and research have made a great deal of success, and the company is entering a new phase of growth.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.