Sodium Parrish was manufactured, and Colon's first heavy-pound product was Juddji, December 1st, 2017.
On 30 November, the company issued a public announcement that it had injected sodium Paree with the New Medicine Certificate and the Medicines Register, which became our first approved manufacture of sodium Paree. Secondly, our view is that the domestic market for sodium Paree has a large space, a good competitive pattern, and the company's performance has increased.
Sodium Paris is a new kind of cox-2-specific inhibitor for clinical prevention and treatment of moderate pain. It was developed jointly by Pfizer and Famasia, for the first time in Europe in 2002.
Listed in China in 2008, currently listed in at least 15 countries, including Germany, France, and the United Kingdom, with the expiry of the patent in April 2017. Sales in 2016 amounted to approximately $765 million.
Annual growth. According to pdb data, sales in the first half of 2017 exceeded 400 million, and figure 1: Sodium Pareshab sales in the Central City Sample Hospital 2012-2017 q3.
A steady growth of the formulation plate, the influence of the environment, the growth of performance, the future increase.
Quick release, restricted 3. Collon Pharmaceuticals: Infusion taps complete antibiotic resistance, vegetable industry chain layout, research and development innovation drive.
The company's products are the first to be marketed in the country and will provide the company with an increase in its performance. At present, Pfizer's Paree shampoo won between $111 and $133, the company's sodium Paree shampoo is the first to be marketed in the country. We believe that the market for the product is wide and that the company will benefit from the product itself at its own rate of increase.
At the same time, the company can accelerate the expansion of market access, the substitution of imports, and the acceleration of product sales by relying on the price advantage of generic pharmaceuticals. At the same time, another gastrointestinal nutrient product of the company, Carvin, is expected to be approved in the course of the year, and after that it will be Colon.
3. Management continues to build up and the company has sufficient confidence. On 28 November 2017, Mr. Liu Xichuan, the managing director, purchased the company ' s shares by means of a large deal of 2.36 million.
Shares, purchase prices of $19.06/shares. Since this year, Mr. Liu has held a continuous increase of 34.6 million shares, demonstrating management’s confidence in the company.
The company holds a total of 571 million shares, or 20.0582% of its issued equity. Under the relevant provisions of Enterprise Accounting Standard No. 2—Long-term equity investment, the equity investment held was originally classified as a saleable financial asset.
Long-term equity investments are accounted for in equity terms. This will result in an increase of about $744 million in current investment returns in 2017, an increase of about $568 million in net profits for the current 2017 period after consideration of deferred income tax charges, and a reduction in other combined gains of about $744 million, so we maintain an “uptake” rating.
Increased risk of factor cost escalation, loss of profits due to increased depreciation of fixed assets, environmental risk, exchange rate risk, drug price reduction risk.