Emerging market boom, home-to-country double warming, 10/09/2024 incident: company disclosure of recent sales, August 2024, equal number of sales outlets in company-to-country
\triangleright’s sales in Africa amounted to 3.5 billion yuan, an increase of more than 60% over the same year. Emerging markets have opened well, and domestic bottom-up recovery is evident.
In Africa, for example, companies have set up four regional, 14 affiliates, eight agents, 50 service points, with a localization rate of over 60%.
Fifty-two countries and territories provide marketing services (61 countries and territories in Africa), with over 20 billion yuan in non-sale equipment and more than 23,000 holdings since 2002, ranking first in the export of Chinese engineering and machinery enterprises to Africa. Domestic markets have benefited from trillion more national debt since the beginning of 2024.
The project started and the market demand was stable. Meanwhile, large-scale equipment renewal policies accelerated the phase-out of the old “country one” “country two” equipment, and the overall sales of the excavator showed a downward trend. In 24m1-m8, except for the spring holidays in February, factors such as rain and snow caused most of the country’s sites to be shut down, resulting in equal monthly sales.
This drop is nearly 50%, and the rest of the month's in-house sales have increased as compared to the previous year. Given that the macro-level debt of 24q3 is expected to peak, with the use of funds such as special-purpose debt, super-long-term national debt, and the start of construction in the third and fourth quarters, engineering is expected to rise to the bottom this year.
Globalization of manufacturing is expected to lead to a further increase in corporate shares. According to yellowtable, \triangleright engineering machines with a total sales value of $241.92 billion for the year 2023, of which the lead Carter and Pine market shares are respectively.
The global market share of the trio is only 4.2%, and is still much higher than the global flagship: the "triple" was positive in the first quarter of the year, setting up space. Taking into account further improvements in corporate-made globalization, the second phase of Indonesian factories in the first half of 2024.
With the completion of the build-up of the domestic support facility, the planned construction of the second phase of the Indian and South African plants is expected to raise their global share in the future. 3. Three-time jobs (600031.sh) were reported in mid-2023:
Electricization is going well, technology + the market is going well. Through self-development, external strategic cooperation, companies \triangleright are moving towards high-pressure, efficiency, integration in the new energy sector, with a focus on p2 hybrid power, electronics.
Three-time jobs (600031.sh) were reported for the year 2022: core technologies such as electrical structures, hcu, 2024h1, with 30 licences for low-carbonization-related patents.
At that time, the company continued to increase the coverage of new energy products, with a total of over 80 new energy products listed. Moreover, the company made a major breakthrough in a number of its products, and the sw956e electric loader received a one-time payment of 200 Indonesian 5.3 1-heavy jobs (600031.sh) in the tri-quarters of 2022.
Large list, sy215e, a leading industry in electric excavator energy consumption, has now achieved the highest level of sales domestically and overseas. Review: q3 has been reduced by a narrow margin, “triple” continues to push forward by 2022/Investment proposal: taking into account the company's role as a leader in domestic plant machinery, it benefits from domestic engineering and machinery industry
\triangleright’s bottom-up recovery, globalization progresses well with strong international competitiveness, and performance is expected to move up the road. \triangleright we anticipate \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.