\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Millions of yuan, +479% of the year, representing a further 62.23% increase in income from the main business. Benefiting from rapid growth in overseas sales, price increases for some products, improvements in product structure, and the growth of efficiency measures, the Māori ratio of corporate home operations abroad has continued to rise to 31.57%, yoy + 0.56 ptt. Subregionally, non-regionally.
The continental region performed well, with revenues of $2.31 billion, compared to 66.71 per cent, small plant phase II expansion in Asia, Australia and Europe, and orderly construction of plants in India and South Africa. Three rates fell and profitability increased. 2024h1, Company sales/management/finance/research and development
\triangleright costs add up due to currency exchange effects, with the remaining three rates totalling 17.90 per cent, i.e. 1.04 pct. In addition, the company actively promotes the intellectual transformation, with the construction of the three main processes of the 2024h1 structural units, production and production.
Efficiency has been effectively enhanced, with data analysis and algorithms modelled through digital twins, and systems optimized to reduce costs by “triple” in the first quarter of the year, with positive results, “set up” and energy consumption. In the first half of 2024, energy efficiency projects implemented by companies in the course of their operations accumulated energy savings.
In the future, with the intellectual transformation of companies and the continued growth of efficiency measures, it is reported in the middle of 2023 that 2.30% of jobs (600031.sh) will be profitable: electricization is going well and technology + markets are growing.
\triangleright 3.031.sh) Annual Report 2022: In the new energy sector, the focus is on high-pressure, high-efficiency, integration, and a combination of p2 power, electronics.
q4 gains are evident, with “triple” continuing to advance core technologies such as 2023/electric structures, hcu, etc., with a total of 2024h1, with 30 authorizations for low-carbonization-related patents. At the same time, companies continued to increase the coverage of new energy products, with a total of 2024h1 completing more than 80 new energy products.
Q: q3 drops were narrow, “triple” continued to move up the market by 2022/. In addition, the company made a major breakthrough in a number of its products, sw956e electric loaders received a one-time Indonesia 200 large orders, which provided a good basis for the export of electric appliances, and sy215e power consumption led by energy consumption.
5. Three-time jobs (600031.sh) were reported in mid-2022 as having achieved the highest level of domestic and overseas sales.
Investment proposals: Given that the company, as a leading company in domestic plant machinery, is expected to benefit from a deep recovery in the industry of \triangleright plant machinery in the future, globalization is continuing, and we expect a net return to the mother in 2024-2026
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.