A new breakthrough in Europe was made by the electric excavator, which was globalized on July 03, 2024.
Event: The launch by the Trinity Group in the Netherlands of the first foreign market medium electric excavator sy215e marks a new breakthrough for the Department in the European electric market.
The company attaches great importance to the opportunities for the electrical development of engineering machinery, and began research and development of power-driven electrodynamic products in 2021, which will fully advance the process of electricalization of products such as engineering vehicles, excavators, loaders, cranes, etc.
In addition, the company has recently made a major breakthrough in the area of electric excavators, with the company issuing its first foreign market medium electric excavator sy215e in the Netherlands in June 2024 and obtaining 20 pre-sale orders to mark the company's sales.
Europe’s electric market has made a new breakthrough. We believe that the European market is environmentally demanding, that advanced economies have made it clear that the policy of electric subsidies and zero carbon emissions is in place to encourage the spread of electric equipment; and that the European market needs to focus on small digs, that small digs are less difficult to use, and that electric excavators are less difficult to spread.
The company’s core boxing product, the high technology/channel barriers, we believe that the company has already gained a pre-eminence in the European market for electric excavators, and that the future will be the first to benefit from an increase in the penetration rate of European excavators. The market for electro-engineering machines is vast, and technological breakthroughs can trigger a boom.
In 2023, with less than 1% of the global electrodynamic rate of engineering machinery, we'll be able to reach a penetration rate of more than 30% with a technological breakthrough and a full downfall. In 2023, for example, we sold about 1 50,000 excavators, and if we reach 30% in the future, we'll have an average of about 60,000 electric excavators per year.
Triple One Worker (600031): 2023 Annual Report, January-May 2024, with fewer than 40 electric excavators in the country, and a large market space. The central factor that currently hinders the increase in the rate of electricization of engineering machinery is the low transmission efficiency that results in high cost of electrical products.
Less economical, less than 50% of the conventional hydraulic transmission system, with a severe loss of motor energy. In view of the internationalization drive and the return of profitability, the core issue of current engineering research and development is the use of electrodynamic systems as an alternative to hydraulic transmission.
The overall efficiency of the drive. And the transmission is expensive, the industrialization is in its early stages, and the large-scale application program, Trinity Work (600031): the bottom of the cycle, is not yet mature. And the company is the firm with the strongest R & D investment in the country, and we judge that the company is expected to be the first to jump.
Breaking the power-motivated technology bottlenecks and leading the process of electric engineering.
In 2023, the company’s share of overseas revenues reached 60%, and globalization became an important player in the corporate smooth cycle. According to khl, the company’s global engineering and mechanics market was 4.2% in 2023, while the global leader, Carter Pyler/Shoscon, had a market share of 16.8% and 10.4%, respectively, and there was still much room for improvement over the global leader.
The path to global globalization of engineering machines shows that technological innovation is the best way to win a curved car. We believe that companies are expected to replicate the pine path, relying on the world’s leading electrodynamic technology to achieve a new turn to the global tap.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: The domestic engineering and machinery industry is moving towards a renewal cycle, with globalization, electricization, and intelligent strategies to re-create a three-pronged workforce that firmly values the long-term growth of the company. We maintain the company’s 2024-fold, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.