Three-quarter review in 2023: q3 profit exploration, wait for macros, policy momentum to drive demand back to warmer and more favourable climate rebounds Keyword: # underperforming
▪ Events: The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2023, with sustained steady growth in gross operating income/net parentage income of q3 in the first three quarters, with a projected decrease in the price of cement at the same price and a decline in the ton of Maori rings. (1) q3 national cement production compared to 5.1 per cent, weak demand and competing supply and demand straining industry stocks.
The decline in lower-season prices has been large, and the recovery has been weak since August. (2) Company q3 returns on a year-on-year basis +15.7 per cent, driven by the growth in trade volume, mainly bulk materials, and smaller sales of cement own-products, mainly due to the fall in cement prices in the q3 market, such as Pearl Triangle, Hunan, etc.
Larger, corporate average cement prices declined more than coal costs, with a marked decline in the Māori Ring ratio of tons of cement; the same-year decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to the growth in the size of the low Māori trading business.
q3 buys fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets and pays $2.863 billion in cash, i.e. -45.4 per cent, reflecting additional long-term borrowing for projects such as mine rights acquisition, capital extension projects such as project construction, and overseas cement production capacity.
• Medium-term countercyclical adjustment plus, demand recovery and industrial competitive restoration are expected to boost the recovery of the cement landscape. At the bottom of the current industry landscape, business profits are falling sharply, with inefficient and high-cost production.
Short-term demand is weak, high stocks are stifling price space for rebounding. Recent reviews: cement profits are steady, production is on the ground with an additional trillion special national debt, medium-term counter-cyclical adjustments will be added and fiscal policy will continue to work.
In-kind demand is expected to rise steadily. We believe that the improvement in demand is expected to change industry expectations, accelerate the pace of industrial competition and repair, and increase the intensity of the fall of the season, with a marked improvement in 2023.
Sea conch cement (600585); expansion in 2023 provides new growth dynamics. The current market net rate valuation for cement companies is at the bottom of history, with quarterly reviews: income growth is the best.
The bottom of the phased profit base confirms that medium-term demand is expected to boost, and that the flagship’s valuation is expected to be repaired. The three major financial forecast forms for conch cement, Toshio Securities Inc., have become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.