In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $118,799 million, which is an increase.
The rate of growth slowed down as a result of the industry situation, with a 5.15 per cent increase in the q3 crop in the same year, and the overall industry performance continued to rise in the second half of the year, with a 37,172 million yuan in corporate income achieved by q3, a 5.15 per cent increase in the same year, and a 1.590 billion yuan net profit earned by the mother, a comparison.
In March, the company completed the acquisition of 50% of China's vision, and recognized an investment return of $918 million, which allowed for a significant increase in profits in the previous three quarters. The level of Māori sales continued to improve, with administrative costs delaying the cost during the period.
The company ' s Māori rate has continued to improve, with a Māori q3 rate of 14.32%, an increase of 0.61 ptt, a rise of 0.17 ptc over the same period. The cost rate for the period has been delayed by an increase in the administrative cost rate, which has decreased by 0.14 ptt, 0.10 ptt, and 0.13 pt over the same period last year.
Taking stock of industry trends, new energy, adas operations are well under way. Companies cover car interior and interior accessories, metal formations and moldings, functions, electronics, thermal processes, new energy, etc. The market for a variety of products is at the forefront of the country, with long-line interiors.
The company actively captures the industry trend of “electrification, networking, intelligentization, shared access” by setting up a new energy layout for the McGana Power Drivers Ltd., which is a product of automobile power-driven systems, integrating automobile electronic pump-type operations and promoting millimetre waves.
Development of radar products and market opening, long-term development, high risk of customer concentration; risk of under-sale of downstream customers, etc. qcgsdt-45
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.