Three-quarter growth deceleration in performance Chinese cars (600741.sh) (i) Chinese vision and growth in corporate profits
Li Zetsu, in the last three quarters, the company ' s total revenue grew by 14.51 per cent over the same period, the net profit on maternity grew by 32.13 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the large increase in net profit on maternity was mainly due to the Chinese vision that the company had previously held.
50% of equity is recognized (unaudited) as a result of current investment gains after a one-time premium of 918 million yuan is remeasured at fair value on the date of purchase. If the non-recurring gains and losses resulting from the above-mentioned equity acquisition transactions and other non-recurring gains and losses are excluded, the company is attributed to the shareholders of the listed company.
(ii) The quarterly round of the Māori rate is up and performance is slower. The Māori ring is largely the result of higher value of single items, such as led smartlights, and the collection of small car lamps.
The cost of the company for the first three quarters was 9.6 per cent, an increase of 0.4 per cent over the previous quarter, and its management costs (excluding R & D) increased by 0.3 per cent over the same period and 1.6 per cent over the same quarter in the third quarter, mainly in relation to the Chinese vision and increased management costs.
(iii) The traditional car base is robust, the positive layout of the “electric, intelligent” company benefits from the strong product cycle of the upper conglomerates, which will grow faster in the future than the industry average, and the performance of the upper car core suppliers will continue to grow.
In the medium and long term, in addition to the growth of traditional parts and components (longer interiors, small car lights), we value the company’s development in the fields of intelligent driving and electric vehicles. The country’s first item, 24 ghz, is the production of millimetre wave radar back, 77 ghz dosage, 77 ghz dosage, 77 ghz front.
In the future, with strong technical support, companies will become industry leaders in the field of smart driving. At the same time, Chinese cars are actively developing the new energy car 3 core technology, and some of the products are starting to go up and go up to the new energy vehicle model, and now they're going up to the public.
The company will benefit in the future from the new energy business as the new energy vehicle model continues to develop. As a domestic driver of car parts, the Chinese automobiles actively deploy new energy vehicles and smart drivers.
The net return of cars to their mothers in China in the year was $8.06 billion/8.882 billion, corresponding to pss. The overall growth in the automobile industry has fallen short of expectations, and new energy projects have not progressed as expected.