Heconway Electronics (002415) with over-expected performance and security taps creating a new business landscape, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: 2021h1, companies achieved business income of 33.9 billion yuan, an increase of 39.7 per cent over the same period; achieved net profit of 6.48 billion yuan for mothers, an increase of about 40.2 per cent over the same period.
As companies continue to widen their lines of innovative business products and achieve a 39.7 per cent increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis, the collection of corporate products, services and construction works remains absolute, accounting for 83.4 per cent of the total, but the overall collection of innovative business product lines accounts for 16.6 per cent of the company ' s revenues, the highest ever, of which the robots are robots.
In terms of cost, corporate sales costs were 12.4 per cent, while management costs decreased by 1.73 pp, compared with the corresponding growth rates of 124.8 per cent for business and other innovative business products.
The efficiency of marketing scale is significant, using corporate flagship effects, long-term solid client groups, and well-developed distribution channels to increase marginal efficiency in marketing and management, and cost-side controls are effective. The smart + security era widens the use of corporate products.
The security industry has been upgraded and the downstream product has been upgraded as a whole. The company has been gradually transformed into an ecological system for building and servicing smart businesses like open cooperation, smart cities and digital enterprises. With the advent of the ai, big data age, the intelligence-security combination has blurred the boundaries of the pan-security industry.
In 2021, h1, the company invested $3.88 billion in research and development, which accounts for 11.44% of the company’s operating income. In hardware, the company’s video products continue to strengthen their leading position.
To achieve the Matthews effect, non-video products are actively upgraded around the ai. With regard to software, companies continue to build large system software support capabilities, build ecosystems, and their technological systems based on cognition, artificial intelligence, and big data are constantly improving, and integrated competitiveness is increasing.
2.45 dollars, with a compound increase of over 19 per cent in the next three years of net profit return. Given the company’s position as a global security champion, the company’s valuation system will continue to grow steadily, with a steady increase in the rate of softwareization, with the company being valued at 45 times the value of 2021.
One leading video network industry, the i-era layout “Intelligent + Security”, was established in 2001 and placed on the market in 2010 for deep-seated small and medium-sized enterprises. The company is a world security champion, offering leading video products, professional industry solutions and content services to the world.
After leaping to the top of the ihs global video-monitoring city, Heiconway took the ten-carriage of the champion. In the a&s “Global Security 50” list, Heiconway was ranked first in four consecutive years. The company was also active in setting up emerging markets and emerging businesses, launching Internet-based platforms for products and cloud services for households and micro-enterprises; and entering intelligent manufacturing.
In this area, a series of machine-based visual products and solutions have been introduced. As a company based on card and dvr digital video recorder products, Heiconway sees a gradual transformation into a web-based solution and big data service provider with video as its core competitiveness, with a focus on integrated security, big data services and digital video.
Businesses in the field of smart business. In recent years, Heconway has begun to provide soft and hard integration, cloud-side integration of smartness networking products and services, as well as large data platform products and services that provide material and intelligence integration, and continue to expand intelligent homes, mobile robots and machine visions, auto electrons, intellectual storage, infrared thermal imaging, smart fire protection, smart security, smart medicine.
Figure 1: Corporate Business Panorama
In view of 20 years of development, the company’s development can be divided into three main stages: 2001-2007: the initial build-up period of the simulation era.
After resolving the problems of vcr storage and lack of clarity, dvr began to quickly replace vcr as the mainstream of the security industry. The company introduced the H.264 algorithm to the video surveillance field the following year, which is highly compressed.
This has also become the most widely used video compression technology. The company’s share in the domestic video market has risen as a result of grasping the opportunity of the video technology revolution.
2007-2015: paradigm shift and acceleration into the long term in the digital age. In 2007, Heconway first launched a camera product and proposed an industry solution model in 2009 to expand the company’s operations. The company’s side weight is also moving forward from later-end video equipment (e.g., collecting equipment cards, hard disk video recorders, etc.)
The tilting (such as cameras, smartball machines, weblight machines, etc.) has enabled front-end products to gain a higher Māori rate and a market share, gradually becoming a profit anchor for companies. The company has seized the opportunity for technological change, realizing its share of foreign security firms on its technology path, and in 2011 it became the first place in a global video-surveillance market.
After that, he was locked up in the city’s best position. In 2013, the company had a market value of over 10 billion, making it “10 billion seacons.” 2015-present: the continued expansion of the intelligence products and big data business of the 'i' era. In 2015, Heiconway’s deep-sighted intelligence products – the Eagles and Blades – showed up for the first time and continued to be launched the following year.
The new " Super Brains " , " Faints " , " Faces" series and the full series " Deep Eyes " . The alclud architecture was released in 2017, and the Open-Ai platform in 2018. In 2021, the company further released the Wisdom City Digital Underground, with the aim of providing platforms, algorithms, models and services for intelligent city builders. From 2015 to date, the company has taken the initiative to open up a platform, algorithms, models and services.
Video technology, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc., upgrades and leverages the advantages of their own field of security, combining smart products with big data analysis, and promoting security ai upgrading. There are now five major advantages for companies: 1. Achieve soft, hardware and development mutually supportive, 2. Sensitize the integration enabling platform, 3. Data resource platform developed in multiple industries.
In the future: al landing, the strategic advantage of "intelligent plus security" will become more visible. The company has moved from security video networking, and the industry has gradually evolved into an intelligent business of building open cooperation, committed to intelligent cities and digital enterprises.
The strategic advantage of the future smart + security strategy will be even more evident. Figure 2: The company’s main development journey, with its relatively centralized equity structure, will help the company to operate steadily over the long term.
In addition to the above-mentioned co-operators, 10.31% of the shares of natural persons outside the country, Mr. Dong Yong-ja is married to Ms. Chen Chun-mei, a limited partner in the Xinjiang Pukang Investment Limited partnership, who holds 1.95% of the shares.
Shareholding 1.95% of Xinjiang Pukang invests part of the shares of a limited partnership. The company’s equity structure is more centralized and its management is strong over the years, facilitating decisions that are consistent with the company’s long-term interests and having a positive impact on the company’s long-term stability.
In order to motivate employees, bind workers, and help companies to develop their interests over the long term, a 10-year, biennial equity incentive scheme was developed in 2012 and was implemented four times by the end of 2020. The company’s high growth guarantees the implementation and exchange of equity incentives.
The company’s main operations include: video surveillance products and innovative business products.
Contracts and products and services (including central control products, front-end products, back-end products and other products): Innovative business products include smart home operations, robotics and other innovations.In terms of collection structure, in 2020, corporate video surveillance products generated 57.34 billion yuan, an increase of 7.7 per cent.
The product generated an income of $6.17 billion, an increase of 39.0 per cent, and an operating income of 9.7 per cent; of this, other innovative business and machine business accounted for 3.0 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively. While the collection was relatively small, it is now a popular track in the industry, with $28.8 billion between 2019 and $28.8 billion in business and construction, accounting for 83.4 per cent of the company ' s revenue; and innovation business generated $5.58 billion, or a total of $5.58 billion.
It is worth noting that in the first half of 2021, innovation reached the highest historical rate of revenue. The main reasons for this rapid pace of business creation are the steady and orderly advancement of intelligent household segmentation, and the continued contribution of robotics to the development of global intelligence based on solid algorithms and strong hardware and software development capabilities.
In terms of Māori structures, 47.5% Māori, 92.2% Māori, 51.9% Māori, and 7.8% Māori, respectively, of the company’s main business in 2020.
Māori account for 54.3 per cent of the front end of the stream pillar - a video surveillance product - which exceeds the yield ratio of the segment, and Māori for the front end product, which has remained at a high level of around 50 per cent, as high as 55.6 per cent in 2020, due to the Matthews effect, the increased long-term effects of the seaconway front end products, and the significant cost reductions associated with scalination production, along with the industry.
The increase in concentration and further market recognition of front-end products has led to positive feedback. In 2020, the Māori rate for construction of video-monitoring products was 16.2%, Māori was only 0.9% and Māori was only 2021h1, while the Māori rate for construction and innovation in video-monitoring products increased considerably for other innovations in business products, and the Māori rate for construction was 7.4% higher than in the same period the previous year.
To 29.0%; the Māori rate for other innovative operations increased by 9.1% to 42.1% over the same period the previous year, and corporate gross Māori earnings and net parent profits recovered steadily. Looking back at the company ' s business performance in previous years: from $31.92 billion to $63.50 billion between 2016 and 2020, the company ' s operating income increased from $31.92 billion to approximately 18.8% annually, and the company ' s net parent profit rose from $7.42 billion.
While the net profit of the mother has continued to rise, the rate of increase has slowed as a result of frequent trade frictions between the United States and the United States and the new global crown epidemic, many of which have increased by 40.2 per cent as a result of year-on-year h1 and 39.7 per cent of the same growth in corporate revenue and 40.2 per cent of the net profit of the mother, as a result of the slowdown in economic warming and rising downstream application.
The company ' s profitability is largely stable, and the flagship size effect has significantly reduced the cost rate. 1) In terms of profit margins: in 2020, the company ' s Māori rate was 46.5 per cent, an increase of 0.54 pp over the same period last year; net interest rates were 23.2 per cent, an increase of 0.87 pp over the same period last year.
Interest rates fell by 4 per cent over the same period, and this sector accounted for 83.4 per cent of the total revenue, so that, despite construction and other innovations, the Maori rate is still strongly affected by the downside weight. And, depending on the different directions, net corporate interest rates have remained relatively stable.
11.4%, a decline of 1.18 pp in the same year. The “three fees” fall in the same year. Companies sell on a significant scale, making effective use of corporate flagship effects, long-term solid client groups, and improved distribution channels to increase marginal efficiency.
The overall volatility of the net operating cash flow is sharp, and the net present is a significant improvement in the quality of the company’s operations. 1) The net operating cash flow is negative because the net cash flow of the company as a whole is heavily influenced by the entire science and technology industry. The increase is 27.5%, and although the cash flow was affected by the epidemic last year, it is still visible that the company’s cash flow is healthy.
The net cash flow of the company increased more than twice as much in 2020, mainly because of the higher net cash flow of the company in the year. The net cash flow of the company now stands at 0.3, a 20-fold increase over the previous year.
Assumption 1: a steady growth of corporate products and services. In 2020, with the impact of the new crown epidemic, corporate performance slowed down, corporate performance rebounded strongly in the first half of the 21st century, driven by continuous technological innovation and research and development, corporate traditions.
Assumption 2: the firm develops its innovative business, gradually opening up its intellectually capable, robotic and other innovative business with a strong arithmetic and robust hardware and software development capability, and future performance will further support corporate profits.
The company's leading global security business, with the gradual landing of the ai, the incubation of innovative business, is covered for the first time by the company's valuation system, which gives a “buy-in” rating. 1) The recurring demand risk of the new crown epidemic is uncertain:
Without, and without, obtaining any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSI”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author know that there are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report. If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, do not receive, subscribe to or use any of the information in this report.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm’s judgement as of the date of publication of the present report that the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report could rise and that past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, opinions and assumptions contained in this report.
At the same time, the information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications. See also below does not constitute an investment proposal for any individual.