Production capacity and channel growth base, extra-provincial strategy to expand development space 27 December 2018 In-depth study/food and beverages industry
Core logic one: strong brands, strong corporate brands, broad product coverage (1) firm brands have strong brands and high brand values. In 2018, companies ranked third in the global list of "50s of Global Beverages" with $7.795 billion in brand values. (2) corporate products cover prices across the board.
The company’s product lines are rich, and the products sold have reached full coverage from $35/bottle low-end to $1599/bottle super-high-end products. As a result of a multi-brand strategy, the company’s very low-end product prices do not harm the medium-to-high-end brands.
The Blue River classic series raises prices three times, increases and frequency are slightly lower than that of other high-end, sub-high-end alcohol companies, and increases in behaviour are more acceptable. (4) Multiple ways are used to lead product upgrading. First, to improve product structure, tilt resource power, dream blue series; second, to enhance marketing innovation and raise the value of the Blue classic brand; and third, to respond to market hot spots.
Promotion of products such as Dreams Blue Handicrafts and Ocean Rivers. Core logic two: strong channels, enhanced Composite marketing models, and active expansion of the New Jiangsu market.
(1) Strengthening of the existing complex marketing model. In particular, the following are the following: maintaining the 1+1 marketing model and strengthening the control of distributors; guaranteeing the promotion of the complex marketing model, adhering to the 4x3 marketing model and 522 mega-engineering; (2) strengthening the industry in the province and successfully promoting the New Jiangsu strategy outside the province.
In 2014, the company launched a strategy called the New Jiangsu Market, which focuses on out-of-town markets and focuses on key areas such as Henan, Shandong, Anhui, Hubei, Zhejiang, Tianjin, and Beijing. In 2015-2017, the share of the ocean province increased for three consecutive years.
In 2017, more than 45% of corporate revenue came from out-of-town markets, and the size of the out-of-town market has been able to go hand-in-hand with Jiangsu markets. (3) Marketing scale is guaranteed and efficient marketing support performance increases.
In May 2018, the river divided the country’s market into 26 regions, with 238 offices and 152 branches. For priority sales areas, the river shares were able to reach the local municipality and the district office. The company’s sales cost was better controlled, and the river’s share sales cost was lower in the industry.
In summary, we give companies a “pull of economic downturns leading to higher-than-expected demand decline, less-than-expected performance growth, food safety risks, etc.
A fast change of alcohol, with a focus on sub-highly famous wine and high-quality real estate wine -- a periodic comparison of the white wine industry. I. Introduction by the company: branding has a long history and the corporate governance structure is perfect.
(i) The company owns two brands of wine and is located in the natural advantage of the ocean river company, located in the Chinese capital of white wine, the city of Cebu, and sits on the "Shoji Lake One Wetland", one of the three most famous areas of the world's wetlands known as the Scottish whiskey-producing area and the French dry-city-producing area, and is the only day in Jiangsu province without acid rain.
Aerobics. A long history and a unique ecological environment that provides good water, soil, air, especially as a microbacterium of wine, and a bourbon treasure. From branding, the ocean river shares become a white wine company with two brands: Ocean Rivers, and Trenchs.
In December 2002, with the approval of the Jiangsu People's Government, the National Monopoly Ocean Group was the main initiator of the Golden Medal.
Together with six other companies and 14 natural persons, the Jiangsu River Liquor Co. Ltd. was established. In 2003, the river shares officially launched the Blue Classic series (Blue of Dreams, Blue of Sky, Blue of the Sea) and successfully entered the mid-to-high end white wine consumption market.
Right, in 2011, the Ocean River shares acquired full ownership of the two-channel liquor industry, which became a fully-owned and controlled company of the Ocean River Stock Company, forming the Sou Liquor Group. In 2017, the two-circle wine industry achieved sales of $2.58 billion and net profits of $1,556 million. The two-circle wine industry accounted for more than 10 per cent of the company’s sales.
(ii) Clear corporate equity structure, with management and corporate interests bound in depth 34.16% of the shares of the EICO in the EIG, which is the actual control of the company. Unlike high-end, sub-high-end white wine listed companies, the management of the EIU shares holds 21.44% of the company through the Jiangsu Blue Alliance
The third largest shareholder of the company is the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, and the fourth is the Shanghai Cheyenne Tobacco and Wine Co. Ltd., which holds 6.2 and 4.2 per cent shares, respectively, in 66.07 per cent of the first four shareholders of the company, with a clear and stable equity structure.
In 2016, Blue Alliance, Inc., absorbed the Cebu City Blue Sky Trading Co. Ltd. and the Cebu City Blue Sea Limited Company Blue Sea Trading Alliance, and became a central- and senior-level management holding platform. The company’s middle-level managers and business and technical cadres are included in Blue Alliance based on the funding criteria set by their respective job counterparts.
Figure 1: The main stockholding structure of the river’s shares II. The industry context: rising consumption supports the white wine industry’s climate and price increases slow
Promotion of a steady growth period in industry: (i) Industry lows have passed, production and sales have recovered, and in 2012 the white industry was affected by the events of plasticizers, high pressure to fight corruption, reduced consumption of three publics, and high-end white wine
The price of white wine, which was adjusted in the 2013-2015 low-level industry, was gradually deflated and the industry’s stock cleared. With the recovery of the population’s consumption of white wine, the fight against corruption, and the gradual digestion of the negative impact of the three public consumption on the industry, the white industry began in 2015.
In 2016, the national production of white wine recovered to 12,66,000 litres, up from 11,850,000 litres in 2012, while profits in the white wine industry began to rise at a rate of 21% at the bottom of the valley and sales increased from 28%.
(ii) The rapid recovery of the white wine industry, facilitated by the upgrading of consumption, has been growing at around 7 per cent per annum since 2013, with the national disposable income of 25,000 yuan per capita in 2017 for the first time. Since 2013, per capita consumption of tobacco and alcohol in the country as a percentage of cash expenditure
For the sake of stability, at around 3.7%, the absolute amount has risen as a result of the increase in disposable income, and in 2016 we spent $499 per capita in cash on tobacco and alcohol consumption. A stable percentage of tobacco and alcohol consumption and an increase in the absolute amount mean that the population is more willing to upgrade the existing level of tobacco and alcohol consumption as revenue increases.
In line with this trend, the sales rate of our tobacco and alcohol production has been close to 100% since 2013 and the rate of new stocks has been low. The increase in the stock of white wine in 2017 was close to zero, meaning that the white wine industry has been operating at a very high rate, with stocks falling rapidly. As a result, high-end and sub-high-end white wines have re-emerged in 2016.
The price of the Flying Tower rose from $1,000/bottle at the beginning of 2016 to $1,500/bottle at the end of 2017; the price of the five grain fluids rose from less than $800/bottles at the beginning of 2016 to more than $1,000/bottles at the end of 2017. Sub-higher products such as the wellhouse, the blue of the Ocean River Dream, etc. also showed a trend towards higher prices, albeit slightly lower absolute prices.
(iii) The price increases will slow down, and industry growth will remain stable after the rapid recovery of the industry in 2016 and 2017.
In November 2018, the Maotai Party Secretary, Chairman and Managing Director Lee Baofan showed no price increases this year and for some time to come. The Mao Tai Group Chairman Lee Bao Fung responded on December 17, 2018 that there was still room for the price of Mau Tai wine, but because it would have a chain reaction in the industry, it would not be easy to change prices.
On December 19, the Cedars judged the industry trend “the industry adjustment period is not over and the risks are not yet fully released; competition for channels is likely to change much.”
On December 13, 2018, Shanxi Liquor published a draft restrictive equity incentive to be awarded to company executives, mid-level managers and core technical (operational) personnel, for a total of 397 persons. In December 2018, Maotai released Wang Mu.
In addition, the Mau-Dai wine factory has indicated that next year will increase the volume of high-end products such as raw gin and fine wine. Third, brand power analysis: branding is strong and product coverage is wide.
By the end of 2017, the company had completed a double-brand layout of the Ocean River and the Twin Trenchs, with high-end and slightly lower-placed brands of the Blue River Classics series. The company had become the only one in the country with two Chinese brands: Ocean Rivers, two Chinese Liquors, and two Chinese Chinese Chinese Chinese characters, with six Chinese brands: Ocean Rivers, Twin Trenchs, Blue Classics, Jinbao Foo, Dream Blue, Su Wine, etc.
(i) The firm has a strong brand, with high brand value in 2018, ranking it third globally in the list of "50-high-valued Global Beverage" published by Brandfinance, a world-renowned brand value research institute with $7.795 billion, after the poo and five grain fluids.
The top ten liquor brands that have been on the list for many years have also been selected in the same period for internationally recognized liquor brands such as Johnniewalker, Jack Daniel's, and Hennnessy. In 2017, the company was proud to be on the World Finance Journal, Forbes, "The World's Top 2000 City Company," and in the same year, "The Blue of Dreams" entered.
Cctv's National Branding Program top10 brands. (ii) The company's products cover all price belts, and after the company acquires shares in the two ditches, it owns two brands: the ocean river and the two ditches. On the specific layout, the company owns the blue track.
In terms of location, the blue series has a high end price of $100 or more, and the blue end price of the sea is 1599 for the highest end price of dream blue (m9) and is close to the terminal price of the skyscraper. The wine and the low end of the ditch are located in the middle and lower end, with the price of the green terminal breaking into the 600 yuan/bottle or more area.
In the meantime, the prices of other binges and wine brand end-sales are mostly concentrated in the 100-600-dollar range. Apart from Soo's greens, Kitsu, Jinbao's family, and the Holy Family, the prices of the rest of the product end-sales are below $120. The company's product lines are rich, and it has achieved full coverage of the products sold from $35/bottle low-end to $1599/bottle super-high-end products.
The sub-low prices of end-products do not harm the medium-to-high-end brands.
Super-high-end, five grain fluids, wells,
Seng Nam Chun, I'll give you some wine.
Soo Djing/ Twin Treasure Treasures.
Guai, mouth, mouth, politics, cellars, old people.
A full fountain, white dry, a low-end line of wine.
Soft and diagonal (gold)
The Twin Trench's Treasure House, the Golden Seed, the old village chief,
Cattles and others (iii) steady increases in the prices of major products, high-end white wine prices increased significantly in 2017, and five grain fluids were raised in February, July and October, with year-round plans.
The price increase is 9%: Mao Dai raised the price of the factory by 18% throughout the year: the old cellar in Chenzhou raised the price of the cellar by 23%. At the end of the sale price, the retail price of the 52-degree fly-by-pot in Tokyo has risen to $1499/bottle, and the 52-degree retail price of the ordinary five-food fluid is over $1,000/bottle. The rapid rise in the price of the high-end white wine opens up room for price increases at the lower end and the middle-end white wine.
According to incomplete statistics, in 2017-2018, the Blue River Classic series was raised three times, and in 2013-2018, the Blue M3 price remained stable at around $600, with price increases and frequency slightly lower than those at the top, high end and sub-high end, and as the rate of high-end alcohol increases slows, the Dream Blue will be subject to direct competitive pressure with the average five-food fluids and the country's customers, 1573.
But because of the broad price bands of the dream blue, the future is more pressurized and more risk-resistant. (iv) Multiple means of leading product upgrading.
In the classic blue product structure of ocean rivers, the blues of the sea and sky have long held the largest share of the harvest. Sea, sky, two series of products are located between $150 and 350, for medium-high-end white wine products, which are lower than the blue series of dreams. This shift in consumption provides a better external environment for the promotion of the blues of dreams, and companies have grown up to match them since the spring of 2016.
The Blue Dream campaign, which focused its resources on the Blue Dream brand, has been growing rapidly since the second half of 2016. According to the alcoholics, the Blue Dreams in 2017 has grown by more than $10.7 billion in total, and by more than 200% in the Ensign market. In 2017, the Blue Dreams grew by 50%, taking over blue classic sales.
In the first half of 2018, the dream blues grew faster than the blues of the sea and the sky, on a scale greater than the blues of the sky, and gradually moved towards the blues of the sea. In terms of marketing, Jiangsu is the main promoter of m6, Jiangsu is the main pusher of m9 and manual classes. It is expected that the dream blues will continue to grow in larger space in the future.
Starting in 2016, the Blue Community of the River for Enhanced Dreams operated from the media and continued to create topics; dream blues were designated on several occasions at major conferences such as the Hangzhou G20 Summit, the “Away Summit Forum”, the World Internet Congress and the Central American Chamber of Commerce.
In March 2017, Dreamblue became the official wine of the Chinese Super Bowl. In May 2018, the Ocean River stock became the Shanghai Union sponsor of the Qingdao Summit, while Dreambluem9 became the official designated Qingding Dynasty 2018 Shanghai Cooperation Organization Qingjia. Since 2016, the company has been working with excellent media on branding, by advertising and sponsoring the Festival of Excellence.
The way you tell brand stories, show brand content, and increase brand influence is through the company's participation in the national branding project twice; the launch of the "To My Most Respected" branding campaign; and the enhancement of the marketing of blue classic brands through collaboration with the Great Cultural Festival of Classics.
In response to market hot spots, the promotion of the “Blue of Dreams” and other products such as the “Manuals” and “On the Ocean Rivers” began in 2016 with a focus on strengthening the promotion of the Blue of Dreams, launching more priced handicrafts, successfully organizing the “Blue of Dreams: Handicrafts” auction, and raising brand demands for the “New Nations Wine”.
As the younger generation of consumers gradually became the main consumer of white wine, the past appetite for alcohol and the resulting “save-to-life” socialization were divided by the “save-to-drink” nuance. In recent years, brands designed for young people, such as Jiang Xiaobing, Koro, and others, have emerged.
In November 2017, the Ocean River hosted the launch of the “Opening the Time” and the “On the River” new products, which announced the official listing of the unbridled series of young people. In addition, the company focused heavily on the marketing of new groups, new scenes, and the production of new ones.
The branding of Internet bourbon, such as Yoji, Yomiha Blue, etc., will also be used in the future, targeting different regions and groups.
IV. Channel analysis: Strengthening the complex marketing model and actively developing the city of Xinjiangsu. Marketing has been a major player in the development of the Ocean River shares.
Recession, which later relied on excellent marketing to lift the firm out of its predicament and build up, has led to strong marketing capacity as one of the core competitivenesss of the ocean river, while channel control has always been a top priority of the ocean river stock marketing system. (i) Strengthening existing complex marketing models
The introduction of the “1+1” marketing model by the river began in 2006 with the introduction of the “1+1” marketing model and has continued to be an important cornerstone of the river marketing system to date, with the so-called “1+1” model being the direct marketing of offices organized by joint companies and local distributors.
The “1+1” marketing model breaks down the regional market that used to be monopolized by major distributors, and the relationship between distributors and manufacturers follows.
The agent becomes a partner. When the product is imported, the river chooses a good distributor to work together, and the dealer becomes a total distributor, but not a less powerful secondary distributor. Under the blue ocean classic, both the total and the secondary distributors have a steady return.
Under this model, the manufacturer is responsible for the input of end-market resources, while the distributor is responsible for logistics and finance, a model that flattens the channel of the ocean river.
With the increase in the cost of core hotel promotion, the "4x3" marketing model started in 2005 with the introduction of the "4x3" marketing model on the basis of the "0-0-0-0-0-0-0" model. "4-0" in the "4x3" marketing model refers to triangulation,
Triangularity refers to collective consumption, core hotels and media connections, with emphasis on marketing around promoting collective purchase, focusing on image and marketing, marketing around events, and active mass media dissemination. Triangularity refers to the responsibility of the Department of Key Clients for the business development of the core business unit: the Ministry of Hotels.
The three sectors work with each other on a three-pronged market. The three criteria are the criteria for selecting distributors, requiring compatibility.