Ocean River shares (002.04) Food beverages brands, products, channels, and the combination of the provincial and external markets into the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Under the Ocean River shares are growing at the sub-higher end of the series of dreams, increasing their share of markets within and outside the province with their powerful outreach and brand influence, with a projected combined growth rate of about 35 per cent over the next three years, an increase in the country’s high-end power driven by rising consumption, and an increase in competition for profit-making champions.
Since 2012, when three public consumption was restricted, the white wine industry has moved into a deep adjustment, with large consumption becoming the main driving force behind the growth of the white wine industry; as economic development and per capita income continue to grow in the country, rising consumption has led to a full and sustained expansion of subhigher prices.
The dominant sub-high-end brands, such as wine, swordsnail spring, and ocean river, have taken advantage of the market through continued regional expansion, and some regional wine companies have introduced sub-high-end products to capture industry opportunities. The combination of product R & D capabilities, access development, and consumer exchange have not come to light in the context of rising sub-higher competition.
At the bottom of the river, it's moving from Jiangsu to the whole country. 1. At the bottom of the wave, the product structure continues to be upgraded.
In the future, companies will focus on sub-high-end products (dreams 3, sky blue, etc.), active high-end markets (dreams 6, dream 9, dream blue hands, etc.), steadily developing products (blues of the sea, etc.), further optimizing the product structure.
With a strong brand, product, and channel advantage, the ocean is looking at the whole country, deep-deep sub-high-end markets, forward-looking high-end markets, opening up long-term growth space. Jiangsu Province, after a proactive adjustment in 2016, has resumed double-digit growth and a strong leadership position; and the Xinjiangsu market is out of the country.
The strategy has progressed steadily, from 297 in 2015 to 495 in 2018, mainly in the Henan, Shandong, Zhejiang, Anhui and Shanghai regions, and the Xin Jiangsu market is now moving forward in terms of revenue in the off-provincial market, with the ocean river expected to have a ratio of 3:7 in Jiangsu province and 7 in the off-the-provincial market by 2020
In the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound rate of about 20%. Given that the company is a popular white dollar, it will move up to a “buy-in” rating.
Ocean River shares (002.04): High Growth in Dream Series, Production 1 Company Profile: The Blue Classic Creates Popular Wine Dragons. The River is one of the eight most famous wines and representative of Soo. It has two old Chinese wine names: "Yo River", "Twigs" and "Twigs".
Products include a series of blue classics (blue of the sea, blue of the sky, blue of the dream), rivers of the ocean, ditches, wines, etc.. Companies break the traditional fragrance distinction, create a low, lightly “soft” taste, and successfully launch the Blue Classic series in 2003, opening the new phase of the ocean, which now accounts for more than 70% of the revenue.
The company’s equity structure: Ocean River was a pioneer in the reform of the White Liquor industry’s state business, with two major changes, with significant results. In 2002, it changed the rigidity, inefficiency, and the difficult expansion of the system, the Ocean River Group joined forces with Shanghai smoke logistics, and South China.
6 corporate shareholders and 14 natural persons co-sponsored the launch of the Jiangsuyang River Liquor Co. Ltd., with 51 per cent shareholding in the Ocean Rivers Group, which won a great victory in 2003 with the launch of the Blue Classic in order to mobilize management motivation.
The real owners of the company are now the Residency City State Finance Committee, the first shareholder is the Ocean River Group, the shareholding rate 34.2 per cent, and the management holding platform Blue Alliance, the second largest shareholder, has 21.4 per cent of the shares, while the management holding 1.2 per cent of the direct shares, with a total of 22.6 per cent of the company ' s management and shareholder interests being highly aligned, inspired and developed over the long term.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s main business is white wine, with a small amount of red wine being sold. The revenue from white wine will increase further in the future as the product structure continues to optimize. In terms of sales areas, the company is based on Jiang Su base camp, expanding its out-of-town market, creating a national brand, and proposing a New Jiangsu Market Strategy in 2015, which is the starting point.
Corporate performance: The three-public consumption restrictions policy in 2012 had a significant impact on the white and wine industry, and the recovery phase began in 2015. The ocean’s grip on the opportunities of the industry, while accelerating the external market layout, has been sustained over the last three years.
With more than 20% of the revenue growth rate; on the other hand, the company actively adjusted its intra-provincial market to achieve double-digit growth in 2017, with a secure flagship position. At the profit end, profit growth has been faster than income growth (with the impact of the consumption tax adjustment removed in 2017, real profits are expected to grow faster than income growth) and profitability has been higher.
Continuing upscaling. Corporate income and profitability are expected to continue to grow as the provincial marketing process becomes more sophisticated and active outside of the province. 2 Industry analysis: beneficial consumption upgrades, nationalization of sub-end brands have been promising, and the white wine industry has gone into deep adjustment since the restrictions on three public consumption in 2012, the most significant change being in the consumer sector.
As the country’s economic development and per capita income continue to grow, the impact of rising consumption on the white wine industry has become increasingly apparent, with sub-high-end benefits, rising consumption, rising volume prices, sustained expansion, and great potential for development.
The market has been seized through sustained regional expansion, and regional liquor companies have taken advantage of industry opportunities by launching their own lower-end products. Sub-high-end consumer branding is relatively strong and has a national base: future firms with both product R & D capabilities, channel outreach and consumer interaction, and brand-making capabilities are expected to achieve nationalization in the sub-high-end expansion process.
2.1 The public consumption of white wine has contracted significantly since 2012 when it was restricted to 3 public consumption, with consumption falling from 40 per cent in 2011 to 40 per cent.
By 2016, 5%. Business and personal consumption have gradually become the dominant force in the consumption of white wine, with the ratio rising from 42% to 55%, and remains the largest consumer of white wine; the proportion of personal consumption has jumped from 18% to 40%, with the general consumption dominated. Alcohol culture is an important part of our dietary culture, and the share of business and personal consumption will remain high in the long run, because
This increase in economic growth and consumption capacity is the main driving force behind the future growth in the white and wine industry. 2.1.2 Consumption has escalated and sub-higher intensity has erupted, with China’s economic growth and rising living standards, increasing consumption capacity in urban and rural areas in 2016.
The average per capita income of the country’s first and second-line cities was more than $16,000 and the average income of the third and fourth-line cities and townships exceeded $6,000 a year, corresponding to the consumption levels of the first-line cities in 2007 and the second-line cities in 2010, and was at a rapid stage of development. In addition, the share of food expenditure by urban and rural residents declined over the years, implying a decrease in the proportion of expenditure on essential consumer goods.
Consumers are constantly pursuing a higher quality of life, and consumption is rising significantly. Against the backdrop of popular white alcohol consumption, the impact of rising consumption on the white wine industry is becoming more pronounced, with different price bands showing different product performances in this round of white cattle, with sub-high white wines, mainly in the $300-600 price band, being the most affected by rising consumption.
In the interest category, the expansion of the industry as a result of rising prices is evident and highly volatile. 1) High-end liquor prices are stable, sub-high-end operating space opened up, 3 public consumption was restricted in 2012, high-end white wine was under stress, and 53 degrees of flying low-end prices fell from up to $1900 per bottle.
As the white industry recovers gradually since 2015, high-end white wine prices, which are represented by puppies, fluids, have continued to increase.
Price space is available for sub-high ends. At the moment, low-end batch prices are stable at around $1,600, with five grain fluids and state cellars adjusted, and batch prices are relatively stable, with higher-end liquor expected to be relatively stable over the next two to three years, in the context of controlled price premiums, without putting excessive pressure on the sub-high-end price belt and opening up space for sub-high-end operations.
2. Crossing the sub-high-end threshold, the upper-middle- and lower-end consumption rises with the increase in per capita income levels. For example, the prices of white wine in the developed regions of Shanghai, Jiangsu, etc., have exceeded $300; and the prices of white wine consumption in other provinces and cities have risen from less than $100 in 2010.
As consumption capacity rises in all regions, more and more consumers cross the sub-high 300-bit threshold, thus driving the demand for sub-high white wine to increase. With the boost in consumption, the price of white wine in all stages has moved significantly upwards, and the sub-high has also enjoyed a lower-middle-end upgrade belt.
The average annual sales of white wine over the next three years are expected to increase by around 15%, and the annual average is figure 14: the forecast of changes in the structure of the various white wine consumption levels is 2.2 high-end competitions and national branding is highly competitive.
Most of the sub-high brands that are currently in the market include Ken Namchun, Rin, Yoyo River shares, Quinot, Liquor, Water wells, Shanxi wine, etc. The market share is also held by these groups. From the regional distribution of sales, Ken Namchun, the rum base are now sold nationwide; in the first half of the first half of the year of the River Jiangsu, the proceeds from sales are over 45%, and the alcohol industry is also in the country.
The major marketing regions are well-placed; other brands are gradually expanding to other regions based on their main base. The sub-high-end industry is currently in a sustained expansion phase, and regional liquor companies are also launching their own sub-high-end products in an attempt to enjoy consumption upscaling belts in the dominant regions.
Sub-high-end white wine consumption scenes are focused on business dinners, weddings, gifts, etc., and consumer branding is more sensitive and sub-high-ends are ready for nationalization. Brand power is generated by product and channel strength, and as competition in sub-high-end industries grows, it is expected that future firms with strong product R & D, access and consumer interaction, brand-making capabilities will be realized.
Analysis by 3 companies: from Jiangsu to the nation ' s 3.1 brands, products, channels, sub-high-end explosion opportunities 3.1.1 to the gene of wine and continuous increase in brand power
The company, as one of the eight most famous wines, has two brands, Ocean Rivers and Trenchs, and the blue classics have passed on the company's branded wine genes. For years, the company has valued the promotion of brand stories and the promotion of brand values, using the blue classic series as an example, “the most wide world is the sea, the sea is higher, the sky is bigger than the sky, the man's heart is bigger than the sky, the Chinese dream, the dream is bigger.”
Advertisements such as "Blue" highlight the brand content of the high-end atmosphere. To increase branding influence, companies are actively involved in major national events, increasing their visibility, and increasing their interaction with consumers through creative marketing methods such as the Cctv National Brand Experience Day, the Melo River, the Valley Rain Forum, and the First Liquor Festival.
Table 3: Ocean Rivers increased brand influence through participation in major events, and after years of investment and construction, the brand recognition and brand value of ocean shares continued to rise. In 2017, the company won $4,281 million to the branding of Brandfinance, a world-renowned brand-value research institute.
In Worldbrandlab, China ranked the top 100 in China with 35.526 billion yuan in brand value: Global 2000 World Markets, "The Blue of Dreams" in the "National Branding Scheme" top 10 brands.
3.1.2 The emphasis is on sub-higher, dynamic high-end layout, and product structure upgrades are ongoing. There are two major brands under the corporate flag: the Ocean Rivers and the Trenchs, which emphasize national positioning, and the Trenchs, which place greater emphasis on the provincial layout. In terms of product layout, the existing product matrix achieves low, medium, secondary, and high-end full-line coverage.
In terms of product lines, the blue classic series is the company’s main product, accounting for more than 70% of the white wine business income in 2017. The blue classic series contains sea blues, sky blues, dream blues, middle-end, sub-high-end, high-end, for example, 4:3,32017 with zero per cent, 36 per cent, 63 per cent, and higher-end and higher-end products growing faster.
In the future, the blue classic series is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with a better product structure and higher profitability. The company’s future product strategy is as follows:
High-end: Strategic high-end liquor market, dream 6, dream 9 and dream blue crafts class, creating a new growth pole through sustained consumer development and branding. Sub-high-end: active promotion of sub-tops, mainly dream 3, sky blue, sustained through a combination of provincial and extra-provincial approaches.
The center-end: steady development, including mainly the blue of the sea, highlighting product and brand advantages, and the upgrading of the top layers, will continue to break through the depth and breadth of the market in the future.
3.1.3 The company has the largest marketing team in the industry, with 5036 salesmen in 2017 and more than 30,000 pushers in partnership with more than 8000 distributors. The company’s marketing network has infiltrated all parts of the country.
The city (county), where channels have been built, lays the foundation for future market expansion and product extension. The ocean river marketing model is more innovative, with companies building on channel advantages through diversified and structured marketing models, depending on the stage of development and strategic layout.
1) The “1+1” model achieves flattening of channels The river has pioneered the introduction of the “1+1” model, replacing the traditional large-scale business system, to achieve a new division of labour between manufacturers and distributors, and to achieve flattening and fine-tuning of the channels. Under the “1+1” model, the manufacturer has posted operations managers and some operators to the distributors, and the manufacturer leads the market.
Field development, end-user outreach and maintenance, and distributors are primarily responsible for financing and distribution services. For manufacturers, companies can directly manage terminals and avoid terminal management under traditional distribution models; they can also improve the speed of market response by keeping abreast of market feedback on market demand and products.
(b) “4*3” upgrading end-marketing, under the “4*3” model, companies sink the marketing focus from channels and end-to-end to consumers.
Increased consumer interaction through direct service to consumers and strong market segmentation through differentiated marketing. Triangular marketing: group consumption, core hotels, media relations \triangleright
A three-pronged marketing system: Priority Clients Department (group consumption), Direct Hotel Marketing Department, Brand Promotion Department \triangleright Three criteria for selecting distributors: convergence of ideas, strong social relations, strong distribution power
\triangleright