Light-manufacturing, slightly over-expected revenue from closets, breakthroughs in informatization, $18.95 per cent more than year-on-year, $1.20 billion net profit from motherhood, 27.12 per cent more than year-on-year, return
The q3 single-season revenue was 3,352 million yuan, an increase of 10.66 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net profit was 650 million yuan, an increase of 22.64 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s non-net profit was 630 million yuan, an increase of 21.39 per cent in the same year; cash flows received for the sale of commodities in the third quarter were 3,865 million yuan, an increase of 22.4 per cent in the same year.
For the first three quarters, the closets, closets, guard baths, wooden doors earned 43.43, the closets, closets, guard baths, wooden doors earned 18.24, 12.29, 0.34, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The increase in profitability is evident, and the cost of the expansion has increased over the period. In 2018, the increase over 0.97 pct, we believe that the increase in the Māori rate and last year's increase is mainly due to a part of the production at the beginning of the year.
q3 cabinets were slower than in the first half of the year. q3 major businesses were down, and revenue growth was expected to increase in the second half of the year. 7 per cent, retail end growth of 2 per cent, less cooking power revenue of 2.5 per cent, retail sales of cabinets increased from large.
In the case of business, on the one hand, income is recognized as having a certain quarter in terms of the nature of the business, and on the other hand, we believe that the reason for the decline in income is that the company is not in the real estate industry.
This is due to the active contraction of large businesses with poor cash flows in the broader context of the situation.
At the same time, the company faces a number of challenges, ranging from a slightly over-market increase in the volume of q3 closets, to an increase in real estate sales. q3 closets are received at a relatively large rate of increase of q2 and return to over 30%.
Over 300 per cent growth, and about 27 per cent increase in retail sales of closets, with q3 increasing by 294 per cent for the same year and q3 for the main q3 for the same year increasing by about 23.4 per cent, based on the growth of the main brand, the Europa closet, according to the assumptions of our effective shop (the number of doors in the year = the previous year).
Doo's number + the number of new openings in a year / 3.5 + the overall channel elasticity of 30% in 2018, which is a decline in the income of the same shop. We think that, in addition to the closet business, there are many channels, such as the Internet, shopingmall, and district model rooms.
The information process goes further, and the cabinet business is basically connected to the front and back. Previously, the Eurasia cabinets were designed and placed in a high demand on designers, and the distributors even needed to be specially equipped.
The next designer will be able to complete the closets more smoothly, requiring a total of three-dimensional, cad and three-dimensional software before and after, and three-quarters of a company that has essentially done one key at the end of the cabinet, and cad and ease has become history. Under the current next flow, the entire process is required.
More than 80% of the time spent has been saved, and the training time for designers has also been significantly reduced, and it is hoped that the pilot will be launched in the south-east of the country from the end of the year onward.
Sounding and house-wide customization capabilities, integrating the home-loading supply chain, building on local tops as complementary resources (products + services), strong alliances, and working together to achieve `what you see and what you get' space solutions that better meet the consumer’s personalized custom-made domestic consumption needs.
This is the best way to describe the business as a whole. As the flow moves from home-based construction stores to other places, the value of the plastic/family service as a flow portal becomes increasingly apparent.
It is hoped that there will be high growth in the dressing business, that there will be breakthroughs in the informationization of cabinets, and a breakthrough in the future in the informationization of closets, which will maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.