Europa (603833) light manufacturing, high income growth, higher profitability, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2018, yielding $8.2 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.2 billion, an increase of 27.1 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 27.8 per cent in the net profit after deduction, of which q3 achieved a return of $3.35 billion in the same quarter, an increase of 10.7 per cent in the same period, and a net return to the mother of $650 million, an increase of the same year.
The downside of the property, the diversion of channels to the cabinets has slowed down, and the bulk of the business has been growing faster. As a result of the downside growth in real estate sales, the overall revenue growth of q3 has fallen somewhat. We measured the first three quarters of the cabinet to nearly 10 per cent, with single q3 rising at a single number. The closets have been growing steadily, contributing significantly to the income increase.
Other types of baths and wooden doors have been growing rapidly, at a rate of about 50% over the same period, and are expected to become an important engine for growth in the performance of the Department. By way of sub-channels, the growth of distribution channels has slowed down, mainly because we believe that the industry has become less competitive, dispersive.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue from major operations amounted to $1 billion, and the q3 growth fell somewhat, but it is still more retail than retail outlets, with price increases and efficiency gains leading to optimal profit margins. Companies have improved marketing efficiency and the Māori rate of early price increases.
At a relatively high level, the Māori rate was nearly 38.8%, an increase of 2.3 pp from the same year. Māori optimization led to a 1.3 percentage point increase in net interest rates, mainly as a result of a significant increase of 74% in R&D costs, indicating continued progress in informatization.
The project went to logistics, with caxa having been connected to the closet class, the target to the full class one key, both of which were tested in selected cities. Corporate receivables increased by 122.7 per cent from the beginning of the period, mainly as a result of the company’s increased cooperation with real estate enterprises and the increase in the balance of work receivables.
The company continues to open up its own shops, including 739 homes, wooden gates, and 403 baths, during the industry’s downside. In terms of access, the company has seized the opportunity to expand the market for fine houses, and has strengthened its close collaboration with the real estate and the garment companies, and has expanded its engineering operations and gained visibility.
At the same time, the company has been strategically structured from a variety of pathways, and has been conducting multi-city pilot projects to find out where everyone lives, where everyone lives, where clothes are mixed, and where clothes are integrated. As of mid-2018, the company had 21 start-ups, more than 40 were in preparation, and the microscopic community had started to live in eight cities.
Europa Homes (603833): Co-development of products, pilot. In addition, there are more than 200 garment blending stores that are open and open, and more than 10 clothing blending shops that have been piloted. Information-based layouts have accelerated (2018-08-23).
At home, five pilots were prepared for the Conservative Combines, with significant sales results, to create a new growth space for all. 2. Europa (603833): multi-channels go hand in hand, profit forecasts and investment proposals.
3. European Homes (603833): Multi-channel synergies, with everyone getting better (2018-04-20) 4. European Homes (603833): performance continues to grow.
5. Europa residences (603833): The cabinets are growing faster, and the clothes are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.