During the reporting period, the company achieved $8,897 million in operating income.
Dollars, 18.74 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis; net profit returns of $1.200 billion gain on a year-on-year basis, 27.07 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis; performance gains to achieve deductions are maintained at a faster pace, profitability is significantly enhanced, corporate revenues increased by 19 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the previous three quarters, and net profit returns to mothers increased by 28 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In terms of profitability, there has been a steady increase in corporate efficiency, with the company’s Māori rate rising by 2.70 pct to 37.88% and the net interest rate by 0.97 pct to 14.64%.
During the reporting period, the cost of corporate sales fell by 0.47 to 10.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with larger information inputs and the amortization of share incentive costs increasing the management cost rate (including R & D) by 1.96 to 10.60 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The company actively promotes the development of all people, and requires all urban distributors above the local level to expand their supply channels, and their headquarters to adjust their products and prices in order to facilitate cooperation between local distributors and domestic companies.
A strategic framework has been agreed with national and regional dress companies, such as families, homes, and places of residence, which used to be monolithic, and which are now being implemented in the form of a home-to-house. So far, this has been piloted in more than 20 cities, with good results, and it is hoped that the home-to-house process will give the company a second boost.
The company is the leading company in the custom furniture industry, and we look forward to the integration of the whole category and the O'Shea industry research assistant: Xia Chul 1, the price of raw materials; 2, the downside of real estate sales; and 3, the upholstery is not as advanced as expected.
1. Euro-based households (603833). Mid-year report 2018. Assessment: rapid growth in performance, focus on the plastics channel 2. Euro-based households (603833).
Quick Performance Review: The first half of the year was characterized by a steady and rapid increase in performance, a summary of company financial statement data projections Chen Baidu, a Master of Technology in Economics from the Beijing University of Transport, the 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, in light industry and listed companies.
Xiang Chul, a Master of Arts from Zhejiang University, joined the Institute of Civil Securities in 2017 for research in light industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.