Analysis of the 3-bandwidth mind (002050) analysis of the two-wheel drive of household power and gas, the new energy car heat management specialist, the two-wheel drive of the home power and auto parts industry, the steady growth of the home power business and the high growth of the new energy automobile business.
The company has a strong market position and a leading market share in the home power and spare parts industry. The company has a technological, customer-quality, and global niche in the area of heat management for new energy sources, and occupies the market front.
As a new-energy car heat management specialist, the company gets orders from a world-renowned car firm, whose price increases to boost revenue rapidly. The company extends from a traditional car heat management system to a new-energy car heat management system. No, but it expands the product line and significantly increases the value of a bicycle package.
It's worth $200-400, while the new energy car heat management package is worth $1,500. The company's new energy engine, the car heat management system, which is recognized by international luxury car customers, has orders from entire car manufacturers, such as Tesla, Daimler, BMW, Volvo, Volvo, Volkswagen, U.S.A., and is expected to total about 45 sales over the life cycle.
The company is a supplier of Teslamodels/x/3 heat management components, producing annual amounts, which doubled the revenue from Tesla. Customer orders, such as Daimler, BMW, Volvo, are expected to produce in 19/20, driving the company to grow consistently in the medium and long term, making it the fastest growing company.
Refrigeration operations have generally grown steadily, with product structural changes giving rise to product-specific opportunities. As a result of the increased penetration rate of FACs, electronic expansion valves have grown faster.
Cut-off valves (30%+). The penetration rate of the electro-inflation valves is only 30% in FACs, and the electro-inflation valves are expected to remain at a rate of more than 20% as the penetration rate of FACs and the electro-inflation valves rises. In the second half of 18 years, the cooling industry has slowed down, companies have covered their customers through globalization and flexible prices.
We expect the domestic air-conditioning industry to expand too much in 19 years, resulting in less-than-expected new-energy auto parts and components; downside risks in the prices of corporate products; raw materials; three-way controls (0025050) analysis.
Analysis of the triflower mind control (002050), analysis of the triflower mind control (002050), analysis of the triflower mind control (002050).
Zhejiang Smart Control Co. Ltd. is a leading company in China in the electricity and spare parts industry, which operates in the main sector for the production and sale of refrigeration air-conditioning units and components, auto air-conditioning units and components for the management of heat in new energy vehicles, and washing machines for coffee machines. The main products of the refrigeration operations include cut-off valves, four-way valves, electron expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, transformers, home heaters.
Pump system control items, etc., widely applied in areas such as household air conditioning, commercial air conditioning, cold-chain operations and heat pump systems; automobile air conditioning and new energy vehicles The main products of the heat management operations include heat-inflating valves, water storage units, electro-inflating valves, electronic water pumps, electric pumps, cooling panels, heat management components, etc., widely applied in the area of vehicle heat management, such as conventional fuel gas, hybrid vehicles and pure electric vehicles; and coffee machine washing machine washing machine washing machine operations, etc.
The products include, for example, the following: an omega pump, heating tubes, water softening systems, distributors, etc., which are widely applied to coffee machines, dishwashers, washing machines, dry-cleaners, dry-up units. The company divides its operations mainly into business modules such as domestic refrigeration operations, commercial refrigeration operations, auto spare parts operations, Yavico operations, microchannel operations, etc., according to the different stages, needs and characteristics of strategic and mature business development.
Figure 1. 3 3 stock-holding structure chart, 2012 and earlier, the company ' s main business was the production and sale of air conditioners, refrigerators, including cut-off valves, four-way valves, electronic expansion.
In 2012, the company acquired products such as valves, magnetic valves, transformers, etc., from the Aveko Group in Germany, which covers the area of home appliances such as dishwashers, coffee machines, washing machines, etc. The main products include the megga pump, heating tubes, water softening systems, distributors, etc. In 2015, the Tripoe microchannel for heat exchange operations were injected into the public company, and the tripocratic controls are now in place in Hangzhou, the United States, and Mexico with microchannel for heat exchange.
The market is dominated by the North American market, with the world market holding the highest share; the company’s products have been gradually expanded from a single condenser to a evaporation, heat pump for heat (0025050) analysis instrument. In 2017, the Samura Group injected the zero-breed business into a listed company, the current company’s auto air conditioning and the main products of the new energy car heat management business.
Thermo-inflating valves, liquid storage, electro-inflating valves, electro-pumps, electro-fuel pumps, cooling boards, heat management components, etc., are widely applied in the area of car-borne heat management, such as conventional fuels, gas, hybrids and pure electric vehicles.
Refrigeration operations, aweco operations, micro-channel operations, Steam Zero operations and other operations in the Samurai master camp, as compared to the overall Māori ratio in 2018, which is a driver for corporate Māori; aweco operations are less profitable, with Māori rates below 15 per cent and other operations 18 per cent, which is well below the overall Māori ratio of 28.6 per cent, which reduces the overall profitability of the company; Micro-Tool operations and Smo-Zero operations are less profitable and the company as a whole.
The trend in Māori rates in the refrigeration industry and refrigeration units has become a barometer of the overall Māori rate throughout the year. In addition, Māori microchannels with a high Māori rate have been used to reduce the overall Māori rate in the company.
The company also contributed to the increase in the overall Māori rate in 2015 and 2017, respectively. According to company reconciliations, the reasons for the steady increase in Māori rate include: 1. product restructuring, increased sales of high Māori products, such as electronic expansion valves, commercial cooling components, etc.; 2. Automation of production lines and improved efficiency of production; 3.
In 2018, the company ' s Māori rate fell by 2.65 pct on a year-on-year basis, mainly because: 1) the largest share of the refrigeration business was in operation. The high currency exchange rate over the same period last year also affected the Māori rate for exports, the United States dollar ' s exchange rate against the renminbi has continued to rise since May, and the exchange rate against exports. For nearly two years, the Māori ratio for tributary controls q1 was lower than for other quarters.
At the beginning of the year, product price pressure on suppliers was not started, and the Maori ring ratio fell to varying degrees.
In 2019, q1 gross interest rates fell by 2.27 pct, and the ring dropped by 5.41 pct, mainly because of low demand in the downstream air-conditioning industry, annual pressure on spare parts manufacturers, improved downstream demand in the future, reduced annual pressure, and the Maori rate is expected to rise again as in previous years.
In March, sales in air conditioners grew by 1.9%, 0.1%, 4.8% on a month-on-month basis, slowing the increase; q1 refrigeration continued to use incentives to reduce storage, and the rate of Māori units in refrigeration continued to decline, with the overall Māori rate forecast to be lower and higher in 2019.
R & D rates have been declining steadily, from 11.1 per cent in 2013 to 9.4 per cent, and staff salaries have been rising more rapidly, with R & D costs rising faster, at $437 million in 2018, or 4 per cent of sales. Financial costs include mainly interest payments and exchange gains and losses, and analysis of corporate finances in 2018 (002050).
The total asset turnover of the company has remained stable over the past five years, with a decline in net interest rates in 2018 and a decline in the corporate total asset return (roa) over the same period, resulting in a decrease in the pole coefficient, resulting in a smaller increase in the net asset return (roe) than the total asset return (roa).
2.1 Steam zero business: New-energy car heat management opens up new opportunities for profit. 2.1.1 Links and buys 3-butter zero, and auto heat business injects a new momentum for growth.
The company's analysis report (002050), which moves into the area of auto heat management systems. The three-flash zero was established in 2004 as a controlled enterprise with the same listed company. Until the merger, the three-flashed shares hold 100% of the green stock and 100% of the zero through the three-flash green power.
Triple Zero, a company specializing in the development, production and sale of auto parts and components for the control of auto air conditioning and heat management systems, is located in the whole car appliance market (oem market), where the company ' s products are mainly used for passenger vehicles (including traditional and new energy vehicles), which in 2016 generated an operating income of 904 million yuan, an increase of 15.48 per cent over the same period, and a full annual revenue of 1.21 billion yuan after incorporation into listed companies in 2017, with a continuous rate of Māori.
Since its inception, there has been continuous research and development in the area of auto-air conditioning and heat management systems, with technology at the forefront of the industry, and the company's product lines now cover three main areas of auto-air-conditioning, battery-cooling, engine and transmission-cooling components, with product categories including valves, pumps, heat exchanges, etc.
The main products of the company are as follows: (1) The company was founded to produce thermo-inflated valves (for refrigerant flow control) and the water receptacles (for refrigerant storage, filtering and drying), both core parts of the car air conditioner, which are still the company ' s main products, with the combined 2015 harvests as a proportion of the total.
81.37 per cent, down from 73.86 per cent in 2016. After many years of development, the zero has now become the main supplier of global heat-inflating valves and receptacles, with a domestic market of more than 37 per cent in the area of thermal-inflating valves, with a world market of more than 16 per cent and a world market of the second, with the main competitor with the Ning Bozon Eagle in Japan, the Japanese tgk and the German Eghofegelhof in the international arena.
(2) Automobile energy efficiency and innovation in new energy technology have brought new demand in the area of auto heat management, and three zeros have been developed successively according to market demand. A new product has been produced, including thermostat (tbv, used for cooling caps) and the electro-inflation valve (more extensive and more sophisticated than thermo-inflating valve) which has been developed mainly to reduce the consumption of car oil, and which has been successfully matched to the United States since production in 2014.
The country's three major car factories, which are now gradually expanding to the Chinese and Korean markets, have been used mainly for new energy vehicles, producing 1,299,000 products for the entire year in 2016, and have been recognized by a number of branded car factories around the world. With this product, the three-loadings won the 2017 Automobile News Paceaward Innovation Award (the “Oscar Gold Award” for the global auto parts industry and the first award for the Chinese spare parts industry).
(3) As the energy efficiency and new energy vehicle market demand increases further, the three-blank zero further expands the development of new products in the area of vehicle air conditioning and thermals, such as battery coolers for batteries cooling, coolers for cooling power systems, electric oil pumps, electronic pumps for a wide range of applications for air conditioning and heat management systems, electrical water valves, and cooling valves for new energy vehicle air conditioning systems, separators, etc., and
The analysis of the three-flower mind control (002050) shows the main product of the three-flash zero.
The customer group is highly competitive in terms of quality and stability. The sales model for the product is based on direct sales, accounting for about 50% of sales, both within and outside the country, and the main customer is a long-term supply agreement for the entire factory and its first-level suppliers, either by tender or negotiation.
For stability: the life cycle of the new vehicle model is approximately 6-7 years for the entire factory, and the replacement of spare parts suppliers is not easy within the product life cycle; for first-level suppliers, the company has been recognized by large clients over the years for its technological level, research and development strength, and product quality.
In addition, the company has successfully entered the company's entire car manufacturer, the pyramids, through the level of vehicle certification of the company's entire company, namely Benz, BMW, General, Tesla, Wei, Biadi, Jili, Wall, Jiang Suz, Upwards, One Steam, and Broad Steam, to become the first-level supplier of the country's leading car builders.
The top layers of the supply support system.
2.1.2 Increased demand for components of the traditional auto heat management system due to the large space available for auto heat management under the traditional super-energy mix, the growth of the three-flash zero business, the growth in vehicle sales and efficient energy-saving requirements.
Field statistics and projections indicate that a total of 8607.22 million vehicle air-conditioning systems were produced in 2015 by the global vehicle level and the entire plant, that in 2021 they would reach 99,93.6 million and that heat-inflating valves, water receptacles and controllers would also increase as the volume of vehicles increased, and that the three flowers, currently the only enterprise in the country with the three core components of high-end vehicle air-conditioning, would have a clear competitive advantage and would be public.
In addition, as the requirements for efficient motor efficiency are raised, new products such as thermostats (tbv), water-cooled oil coolers, electronic pumps and electronic water valves will be used in an increasing number of car systems in the traditional car heat management system, which will result in such new productions, according to calculations, with conventional car heat management bicycles valued at around $3,000, with a projected domestic market space of nearly $90 billion in 2020.
Market space is close to $300 billion. The products that can be supplied by three-saves in conventional car air conditioning and heat management systems include heat-inflating valves, receptacles, pumps, heat-resilient valves, and oil coolers, with a vehicle value of about $200-400, with a projected global market space of nearly 30 billion in 2020.
Industry, complex heat system requirements have resulted in a much higher demand for air-conditioning components per vehicle than conventional vehicles, a further increase in the demand for components of heat management systems, and a further increase in the technical requirements for new electronic expansion valves, expansion valves with electromagnetic valves and battery coolers, cooling boards, electronic water pumps and electronic water valves, and the demand for such products has increased with the demand for new energy markets.
The rapid development of new energy vehicles has brought about a huge new market for vehicle air-conditioning and heat-management system control components. According to estimates, the value of new energy car heat management bicycles is around $6,000, with the projected domestic market space of nearly $50 billion in 2025.
The market space for the ball is close to 100 billion dollars. The products that can be supplied in the new energy car heat management system include receptacles, heat-inflated valves, electronics, magnified hens.
The guangzhenghangseng valve, electron pumps, battery coolers, coolers, voltage, etc., worth about 1500-2200 dollars per vehicle, estimated to be about 15 billion dollars in the domestic market space in 2025, and more than 30 billion dollars in global market space.
The fund-raising projects are used to expand production and technological change, and to alleviate the three-channel zero energy bottlenecks. While the traditional build-up of new energy sources has brought about a wider market for auto heat management, the company’s traditional product expansion valves, water receptacles, controllers, etc., have become nearly 100% or more productively efficient in recent years. In order to meet customers’ and market demand, the three flowers have been collected from investors as they injected into the market.
The portfolio of $1.320 billion, which is based on a three-size-fits-all business and development strategy, is geared towards building new capacity and generating new capacity through technological adaptation, alleviating existing production bottlenecks, and expanding and consolidating the advantages of the three-loaded energy vehicles into emerging markets, such as new energy vehicles. The expansion and technology improvement projects are expected to start production in 2019 and are expected to be realized as the new capacity releases its contribution performance.
The traditional mix of new energy sources, the raw materials for car heat management components are dominated by copper and aluminium, the traditional mix of new energy sources, the advantage of the parent company size, the lowest cost of purchasing the raw materials for the components, and the competitive price advantages associated with large-scale production.
2.1.3 Multiple Oem client orders, high-speed growth of new-energy zero operations, three-voltage successive orders for new-energy car heat management. For the last three years, the company ' s new-energy car parts and components have been endorsed by international luxury car households, successive orders from internationally recognized car-runners, including Daimler, BMW, Volvo, and new Tesla, Weiwei, etc.
The model effect of the pole customers helps companies to further exploit new customer resources. From October 2017 to the present, the company has published six orders. According to our calculations, the size of the sale over the life cycle amounts to approximately $4.5 billion, assuming an average of seven years of the life cycle of the vehicle, the annual sales will exceed $600 million. In the coming years, these new orders will provide a guarantee for maintaining the pace of performance growth.
Due to the large number of products in the company ' s zero business product category and the different stages of growth of different products, the main products and operations of the company ' s zero business are broken down into the following categories, with performance projections:
(i) Tesla operations. The three-butter zero to Tesla's spare parts are mainly: valves, pumps, heat exchangers. As a result of the endorsement of the three-butter zero to Models/x to allocate electronic expansion valves, the company has set up a new Tesla-type Model3 vehicle with a value of $200, 153,000 in 2018, and the company's business from Tesla has grown significantly.
Over 200 million dollars. According to Tesla ' s delivery targets and production performance projections, the delivery target for Tesla in 2019 was 36-400,000, of which Model3 estimated a total of 2.6-300,000 units.
Commonly, as first-tier suppliers of models/x and model3, it is highly likely that these new orders will take down the modely order. In the coming years, these new orders will guarantee that performance increases will be maintained.
3x10 (00250) Analysis Report (2) Daimler Operations. 3x0 Autobot Zero Overseas Business, Daimler, after providing electronic expansion valves for Daimler ' s luxury McBach, provides electric pumps for the Daimler flagship multi-Messeldes-Benz new energy vehicle, with a single vehicle package of about $400, which is expected to produce.
Accompanied vehicle life-cycle sales amounting to 3.59 million and expected to total 1.8 billion. Mercedes-Benz as a whole-of-a-business sticker, a first-tier supplier, shows that the three-bought zero product has been recognized by a German luxury car company, with a significant demonstration effect, helping companies to further develop new customer resources.
BMW business. Three zeros have been identified as the supplier of heat management components for the new BMW platform in Germany, with a worldwide estimated sales value of about 30 million euros over the life cycle, and the company has been receiving orders for the entire plant, including Volvo, BMW, and the new energy car heat management components for the zeros, since their recognition by Demler, Germany, in October 2017.
A new energy car platform for all major European car manufacturers will have a positive impact on companies’ further expansion of the global new energy car market space (4) Volvo business. Three flowers are identified as the supplier of the heat management components of the Volvo new energy electric car platform, with a cumulative estimated global sales of $600 million over the life cycle. Volvo, as the representative of the European large car manufacturer, is the source of the heat management component.
Dealers, for their part, will set a good standard for companies to further expand the global market for new energy vehicles, with a positive demonstration effect. Volvo new energy power electric power is currently low, there is much room for future growth based on brand effects, and annual growth in three-flower Volvo vehicle components is forecast to be low.
After being identified as the supplier of the second-generation car (es6) heat management component, the related model is expected to be on the market in 2019, and the cumulative expected sales over the life cycle of the vehicle are expected to exceed 300 million yuan and 1.1 billion yuan, respectively.
New energy zeros other business. The domestic mainstream cars like Biadi, North Gas, Walls, etc., are also clients of new energy cars, which are mostly mid-end, with zeros as low as their own, but with a large number of models and large sales, and a steady increase in revenue as new energy cars develop in the country. As of December last year, domestic production of new energy vehicles had increased by 40.1 per cent over the previous year.
Based on the above analysis, we expect the following table for the new zero-energy operation:
2.2 Refrigeration operations: Traditional master industry, with the largest global market share of a wide range of valves, the company ' s revenue growth rate is highly correlated with the increase in domestic air-conditioning production and sales (the company ' s business in 2013 and the industry in Asiawico led to a higher rate of revenue growth in the future) due to the company ' s share of more than 50 per cent of the revenue generated by its refrigeration unit products.
The growing abundance of wires, the growth of the Avico, microchannels, zero operations, etc., the optimization of domestic and foreign customer structures, the gradual reduction of the cyclical wave of traditional business, the excellence of the air conditioning components industry, the main products of the refrigeration industry, including cut-off valves, quadruple valves, electronic expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, transformer controllers, home heat pump system controls, etc.
The main products are the cut-off valves, the four-way valves, the electronic expansion valves, the four-way valves, the electronic expansion valves, etc., which are the first in 2018, the cut-off valves, the four-way valves, the electronic expansion valves, and the cities of 31%, 49% and 50%, respectively.
The three-flower refrigeration business is located upstream of the industrial chain, and the demand for air-conditioning components is determined by the volume of production and sale of downstream air conditioners. We can see that the increase in sales within three valves is consistent with the upward trend in domestic air-conditioning production. The cumulative increase in sales within the air-conditioning cut-off valves, the four-barrells, the electronic expansion valves in 2018 was 2.6%, 12.1%, and 22%, respectively.
Figure 34. Introduction to refrigeration business products
Figure 36.2018: 12.1% increase in sales in air conditioner four valves on a year-on-year basis
E-inflating valves and caps are the two main solutions for reducing current pressure in VAC systems. E-inflating valves have the advantage of high flow regulation, high control accuracy, and intelligent control, which can be applied to rapid changes in efficient refrigerant flows. When you deviate from the usual frequency bands, E-inflating valve systems perform better than the caption system, and the cooling and energy efficiency of e-inflating valves is better than the processing system.
The change frequency air-conditioning system with the caps is more than 20 per cent higher, on average 10 per cent higher than the system with the caps.
Electronic expansion valves are closely related to the sale of FACs, and FAC penetration is now around 60% in air conditioners, and in the future, electronic expansion valves are expected to continue to grow faster as national energy conservation and environmental policies advance and the proportion of FACs continues to increase. Only six companies worldwide are now producing volumes, the main competitors being the Japanese Valium, the shading environment, and Japanese second-hand machines. Companies focus on product innovation.
Enhancing product benchmarking, focusing on competitors and market changes, and ensuring that new strategic and dominant products, such as e-inflation valves, continue rapidly to expand the market, and that the continued growth of revenues from chilled e-inflation valves contributes to the growth of the refrigeration business. The boost and increase in the share of modulus air conditioners, benefiting from the national energy-saving and environmental policy, have been sustained, and the composite growth rate of the e-inflation valves has been significantly higher in recent years than that of the entire refrigeration industry.
The income share of the e-inflation valves for new products has been increasing, leading companies to increase the Māori rate in refrigeration from 28.72% in 2014 to 35.94% in 2017, and 2018 to fall to 32.56% as a result of price reductions. In the future, air-conditioning products will be optimized, and the revenue share of the company’s strategic and new dominant e-inflation valves will continue to rise, with revenue and Māori rising.
Figure 43. Corporate income growth of electronic expansion valves over the last four years is evident. The retail and engineering volumes of the Ovi cloud network in air conditioners show a mixed pattern, the stock of dealers shows a certain pattern, and we measure the sales in air conditioners from three dimensions: retail volume, engineering volume, and dealer stock.
In the event of adverse sales, the air conditioner will choose to adopt a marketing strategy at the end of the project (mainly the real estate provider) to increase the sales at the end of the project.
Under pressure, the stock is down a year to form a dealer’s inventory cycle. We measure the retail volume of air conditioners in six areas: (1) urbanization leading to an increase in air conditioners; (2) slum upgrading leading to an increase in air conditioners; (3) urban purchase of new buildings; (4) urban secondary air conditioners; (5) rural air conditioners; (6) urban multi-house and replacement needs; and
Consider the accelerated release of household air conditioners. By measuring the three dimensions of migrant workers entering the city, registering marriages in rural areas, bringing their homes into the city and removing them, urbanization leads to an increase in air conditioners, taking into account the deferred factor, whereby 50% of the demand for air conditioners for that year is purchased in that year and 50% is deferred to the following year.
In addition, given the impact of central air conditioners on sales in air conditioners, I have subtracted the accelerated release of central air conditioners when measuring retail volumes. Finally, we forecast the volume of air conditioners retail in 2019-2021 to be 5684 thousand, 5902 million and 5749 million, respectively, for the same three-flower intelligence control (0020550).
On the basis of projections of the retail volume of air conditioners, and the complementarities between retail and engineering volumes, we forecast that in 2019-2021, 32 million air conditioners, 27.3 per cent, 15.6 per cent and 22.2 per cent, respectively, increased by 27.3 per cent, 15.6 per cent and 22.2 per cent, respectively, and that during the same period, the retail volume increased by 0.68 per cent, and after 17 and 18 years of replenishment, we projected that the stock of dealers would remain unchanged in 2019.
In 2018, the stock of dealers reached 42.36 million and, in the face of stock pressure, it was projected to increase slightly by 400,000 in 19 and retail (Oviet Cloud Network) in 2020 and 2021
Figure 50. Air-conditioning sales and retail sales forecast The air-conditioning exports have remained stable for the last three years, with cagr at around 10% and projected to remain at 10% growth over the next three years.
The three main product cut-off valves, the four-thong valves, and the electronic expansion valves of the three-flower refrigeration business module have an absolute advantage in market penetration. In 2018, the triplets succeeded in increasing market share by allowing profit promotions, while cooling revenue continued to grow at a steady rate of 20.9 per cent compared to 6.3 per cent in the downstream industry, and the market share will increase further, with the cut-off valves and the four-triple valves selling mostly and regularly.
The sale of air conditioners is related, the electronic inflating valves are mainly related to the sale of trans-frequency air conditioners, thanks to the double increase in the penetration rate of the trans-frequency air conditioners and the use of the electro-inflating valves in the trans-frequency air conditioners, which maintain a high annual average growth rate of 20%. By predicting the growth rate of the industry and the market rate, we measure the increase in sales of the cut-off valves for the next three years at 0.40, 4.96 and 4.89%, respectively, and the sales of the four-channels at 1.84% and 4.89%, respectively, for the next three years.
We measure the cooling business unit revenue from the main product cut-off valves, quadruple valves, electro-inflated valves and four others.
2.3 Microchannel operations: The market for heat exchange is growing steadily, and the microchannel is the future market for the Blue Sea.
Thermal alternation is an efficient and environmentally friendly new product made of aluminium alloying materials, which is used mainly in such heat exchange applications as household air conditioning, commercial air conditioning, refrigeration, air conditioning in mechanical rooms, heat pump heaters, laundry dryers, etc., and is more energy-efficient and dependable than traditional tubes, saves more material for products, greens more green and reduces the combined cost to customers.
Thermostats are equipment that transmit part of the heat to the cold fluids, also known as heat exchangers. The data from China ' s Industrial Information Network show that the global market for heat exchange is about $50 billion. Of this, the size of the two major markets, the European Union and the United States, is about $20 billion, accounting for 40% of the global heat exchange market. In 2010, China ' s heat exchange market was about $50 billion.
In addition, space vehicles, semiconductors, nuclear power conventional islands, wind generators, solar photovoltaics, multi-crystal silicon production, etc., require a large number of specialized heat changers. These markets total about $13 billion in size.
2.3.1 Microchannels for the future of the blue sea market Microchannel heat exchange units are heat exchange units for cooling and heating in cold air conditioners to achieve the exchange of heat in both cooling and heat-making modes, which are key components of refrigeration and cold-heating air conditioners, applicable to air-conditioning systems such as central, modular and room air conditioners, and which are largely microconnected
The microchannel for heat exchange compared to the traditional copper tube aluminium flap for heat exchange with the yellow-licensed tributary (002050) analysis.
Chart 56. Characteristics of microchannel heat exchangers (compared to traditional copper tube aluminium flaps) Figure 57. Microchannel operational products
Microchannel heat exchangers currently cover less than 5 per cent of the global coverage, and, driven by global energy conservation and environmental protection policies, microchannel products will achieve their energy-efficient, efficient advantages and will maintain rapid growth.
In the area of mini-channel heat exchangers, the market share of tri-channel heat exchangers is now the world leader (43% as of 2016 in the area of air conditioners), especially in the more energy-efficient countries of the United States and Europe, where the market edge of tri-channel is more pronounced. The company’s main competitors in the area of emblem-channel changer are Delphi, Danfosss, and Consummity.

Guangzhenghangseng Income and net profits from tri-channel heater exchange continued to grow at a rapid rate in 2014-2017, and corporate incomes increased and net profits increased at a slower rate in the first half of 2018, mainly due to a decline in revenues due to the first half of the company ' s micro-channel operations being affected by the exchange rate of the United States dollar and large customers going to stock.
In the second half of 2018, the client's inventory was closed and discharges were normal in 2019. 2.3.3 Microchannel operations revenue measurement. Three-channel heat exchanger major customers in the United States and European countries, with higher energy efficiency than required, have matured markets and will be sold in the long run.
In the first half of 2018, as a result of the exchange rate of the United States dollar and the presence of large customers (Gang Sen control), there was a slight decline in the harvest, the profits were stable, the stock of customers was closed in the second half of the year, the exchange rate was up and the current emissions were normal. According to industry online statistics, China ' s heating industry in 2017 sold about 534 million yuan, an increase of 26.9 per cent compared to the 26.9 per cent.
The use of commercial air conditioners is estimated at $118 million, the use of commercial air conditioners is estimated at $130 million, the use of heat pumps is estimated at $94 million, the use of coolers such as refrigerators is estimated at $116 million, the use of other areas is estimated at $76 million, and the use of microchannels for heat exchange products is mainly exported to developed countries in Europe and the United States.
The income from heaters was 1,246 million, 1,326 million and 1,424 million yuan, with growth rates of 2.4 per cent, 6.44 per cent and 7.37 per cent respectively.
In 2012, the company completed the acquisition of Aveko, a German-based company for the development and production of components of the domestic electricity core system, mainly in the development, manufacture and sale of dishwashers, washing machines and coffee machines; the dishwasher business accounted for about 70% of the total. Aveko is a strong research and development player, particularly in the field of water heating, and has a central advantage in the development and manufacture of components of the dishwasher system, the main products of which include distributors, heating.
The core technologies are the moga heating pump system, the water cycle pump, the water heating pipe integrated into a product, which is equivalent to an integrated component, mainly applied in the market of high-end dishwashers, with 31 to 32% of dishwashers using pumps as a terminal solution. With recent promotions and technological upgrades, the use of the “omega system” in mainstream dishwasher manufacturers worldwide has increased.
With regard to Maori, it has been between 15% and 20%, well below the level of over 30% in other major industries in the last five years; with regard to net interest rates, it was only 1% to 2% in the profitable years 2015 and 2016.
To the extent that clients are still concentrated in the European region, many of the supply chains in production are more European, resulting in higher costs; and to the extent that higher human costs in the European region are also important reasons for the low profitability.
Figure 63: Decreased revenue and profitability of the Avico operations
As a result of the acquisition of Avico by the company, the production base in Avico was transferred from Germany, Shanghai to Poland, Lake Luang, and raw materials were procured domestically, reducing production costs; new orders were also provided for the return of high-quality customers such as ge, Ileks, Miller and others.
As a result of the dishwasher business, which accounts for 50% of the European market for dishwashers, with more than 30% of the world’s cities, the sale of accessories, represented by the Merga pump, will benefit significantly from the rapid growth of the domestic market for dishwashers. In the future, China will be the main focus of the market opening up to the Avico market.
There's still a lot of room for growth. A dishwasher has less than 3% penetration in the country, compared with more than 60% penetration in Germany, the United States, Canada, and 20-30% penetration in neighbouring Japan, mainly due to (1) higher prices for dishwashers; (2) characteristics of Chinese kitchens and unique installed properties of dishwashers; (3) differences in Western and Central diets. Currently, there are more than 50 brands of dishwashers sold in the country, mainly three.
The first category is foreign high-end brands represented by Siemens, Bo, the second by Heir and the United States, and the third by Fang Tai, a brand of innovative national products. The number of dishwashers will continue to grow at a high rate as the income level of our residents increases and the share of finely renovated houses increases. According to the data from China, in 2016 there were 429,000 dishwashers, representing an increase of 104 per cent.
In 2017 there were 985,000 retail sales, a 130% increase compared to the previous year, maintaining rapid growth, and a large market space for future dishwashers. With many years of branding, channel advantage, and technological innovation accumulated in overseas markets, the company, based on the firm, has accelerated business integration, reprogramming and integration of production lines in Europe, and improved self-employment; and, on the other hand, sustained technological innovation and efforts to expand it.
Other new products. With the rapid growth of the market for distribution in dishwashers, Aevico is expected to achieve an increase in sales and an improvement in profitability. 2.4.2 Avico Business Revenue Measurements, based on data from Mid-Iengang, show that the overall retail market for dishwashers in the country in 2018 was $5.92 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that annual sales of dishwashing machines are expected to become an important class of kitchen appliances. Currently, 68% of households in our cities and 14% in rural areas, and more than 25 million units in our respective cities and towns can be sold annually.
40% (less than oil smoker holdings, higher than Japanese) and zero rural household holdings, corresponding to the country’s dishwasher stock of 103 million units. If the 20-year composite increase is assumed to be achieved, the 20-year increase would be 26.2%, and the 20-year sales would be up to 20.9 million, with higher annual sales expected to take into account newer demand. The domestic market for dishwashers would be a blue sea market, with Sanhua Yavico counting on decades of technology to sink in the city.
According to Chinese industry, our dishwasher is used mainly for exports to Western countries, and its domestic sales are small. In 2015, the production of dishwashers at the national level reached the level of trichia (002050) analysis.
To 3,615,700 units, of which exports amounted to 34.92 million, or 96.58 per cent. In terms of trade, our main trading countries are the United States, France and the United Kingdom, which account for 15.53 per cent, 12.44 per cent and 6.91 per cent of total exports, respectively, as well as the Netherlands, Japan, Australia and Germany, which account for more than 5 per cent of their share of trade.
In 2012-2017, exports of dishwashers remained at a compound growth rate of 8 per cent per year, and exports fell in 2018, mainly due to the coldness of the market for dishwashers in Europe and the United States. In 2018, 80 per cent of the revenue of the market for dishwashers in San Francisco was derived from the business of dishwashers, and in 2018, the market for dishwashers also affected the business in Aveco, with a small drop in harvests. From 2019 to 2020, as the market for dishwashers in Europe and America normalized, the rate of harvests in Aweco will resume.
The main customers of the coffee machine are more stable in the market-developed Euro-American region, where the Avico business grew at a more stable pace, with annual compound growth of about 13 per cent in 2015-2017, we expect the European market for dishwashers to return to normal in the second quarter of 2019, and we anticipate the Avico business over the next three years.
Analysis of the triflower mind control (002050), analysis of the triflower mind control (002050), analysis of the triflower mind control (002050).
(a) Analysis of the impact of the cold and winter real estate sector in the refrigeration sector resulting in a decline in demand in the refrigeration sector;
The risk of a fall in the prices of the company ' s products and the risk of an increase in raw materials.
Research experience, extensive research experience in the whole of the car, spare parts, and distributors. Joined a wide-scale, high-end equipment team in 2016. Data support: Liu Yixia, Hu Minglong