The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Weir shares (603501.sh) buy-in (first rating) four core drivers, cis tap again.
Car Cis is the first driving force in the company's future growth. We measure the number of autopilot-driven car-by-cars from the current 2 to 6/11.8 by 2025/030; the global car-car-cis market is expected to be $14.22 billion by 2030, and capr by 28% in 10 years.
The company ' s second largest manufacturer, with a market share of more than 20 per cent, has already covered the major mainstream vehicles, and is expected to earn more than 30 per cent of the company ' s vehicle operations cagr revenue in 21-25 years, compared to the largest manufacturer, Ansame, with high-end and cis technology.
tddi’s business integration has accelerated, growing more certainty. With technological advances, tddi integration has shown the advantage of driving chips and touch-control chips. We expect that by 25 years, tddi’s channel and brand advantage in the field of cellular/pixel market penetration will be a new engine of growth in the future, with revenue expected to double in 21 years.
The development of alot technology has greatly expanded the application of video surveillance cameras and increased requirements for pixel specifications, leading to an upward trend in the price of security cis over the next few years. The global security cis market is expected to be $2.01 billion by 2025.
Five years cagr is 16.8 per cent of the company's sales in the area of security, second in volume, and second in product, cellular cis. Although the growth in the number of installed cameras has slowed in the next five years, pixel specifications will continue to rise, and we measure the value of single machines cis at $17.7 in 2025, the market.
It's going to be $27 billion, with a five-year capr of 6.6 per cent, the third largest manufacturer in the global cellular cis market, with 10 per cent of the city.
We appreciate the company's market position as the leader of the country's chis chip industry, fully benefiting from automobiles, using the pe valuation method to give the company a 22-year 45-fold market value of $281,269 million, corresponding to less than expected downstream demand, increased competition in the industry, risk of higher prices of raw materials, etc.
One, four core driving forces 1.1 Smart + electric drivers increase the need for car-mounted cameras, car size increases  car electricization and intelligence increases the type of vehicle-mounted cameras.
The autopilot function is achieved with the necessary configuration. Depending on the location of the installation, the vehicle will be divided into five types of front, back, side, inner and round-view: the front video camera will be installed above the windshield with a 45-degree view, with the main function being the driveway.
Departures from early warning, traffic signal and marking, forward collision warning, drive aid maintenance, and pedestrian crash alerts are divided into two, one and two, and two, of the front-screened cameras, which are more effective than single-purpose ranging, but also more costly.
Back-to-back-visit cameras are typically installed in trunks or back-windshields, mainly for back-to-back processes, to facilitate driver capture of rear-tail images and to achieve parking support. Side-vision cameras are installed in the rear-to-back mirror or below, mainly for blind spot monitoring.
bsd, which allows for forward or rear-viewing depending on the location of the installation. Most of the mainframe plants currently choose the position below the rear-view mirror installed on both sides of the vehicle, which may be replaced in the future. The inner-view camera has no fixed position, the steering wheel, top of the inner-back-view mirror, a column or integrated instrument.
The round-the-clock camera is installed in front and back of the vehicle (or nearby) and is integrated into a set of cameras on the left and right rear-view mirrors. It is also known as a panorama image surveillance system, which recognizes parking, access signs, road conditions and surrounding vehicle conditions, and uses multiple cameras to spell out images.
Answer, provide 360-degree imaging of vehicles because of the need to detect the surroundings of the vehicle, which are normally installed in the location of the car markings or grids in front of the vehicle. Chart 1: Camera functionality at different locations
Autopilot upgrades, with an increase in the number of cameras on a bicycle. Autopilots can be divided into lo-l5 cameras, 12-l3 with 5-10 cameras, and 1 4-l5 with 11-20 cameras. At least one as system is needed for acc/aeb/fcw/apa for the time being.
Pre-vision cameras + 4 loop cameras + 1 dms cameras. Of the new driving forces, the Tesla autopilot series and the Model series carry 8-9, the Ulreet7 series 11, the Hua is the Vulcan Fox, 13, the Pelican p7 is 14 and the polar kryptonium 001 is as high as 15.
We estimate that by 2025 the average number of one-car passenger cameras is expected to increase to six, and by 2030 to 11.8. Reference is made to our Smart Motor Innovation Development Strategy of 2020, which foresees a 50 per cent/70 per cent rate of automatic vehicle penetration in our country at the level of l2/l3 in 2025 and global penetration at the level of l2/l3 in 2030.
Like head numbers, we estimate the average number of cameras on a bicycle by 2025 to be 6 and by 2030 11.8. Car cmos pixels are lower than cell phones. Car cmos pixels are generally lower.
The main reason for cellular cos is that: 1) the image collection is handled differently. Mobile image collection is primarily for people, so the clearer the picture is, the better the consumer experience. The vehicle camera takes the image and gives it directly to the host for use.
Autopilot and car surveillance, the higher the corresponding amount of data for pixels, the higher the requirements for mainframe storage and computing. So, for a vehicle camera, it's fine to select a cos sensor for pixels, and the higher pixels will slow down the processing of the mainframes.
2) Stringer transfer capability is limited. A vehicle-borne camera transmission signal is transmitted through a chainer, which cannot transmit more than 10 million pixels, and some of the current vehicle models use a camera with 8-10 million pixels to reach 2k video transmission. But with one single item, the current series is not capable of transmitting more than 1 million pixels.
The camera is configured with an increase in pixels, and the average processing cost will increase. Thus, the current car codenos pixel specification is between 1 and 8 m, but with the increase in the mainframe computing power, it is expected that the car codenos pixel specification will also increase in the future.
Car cos is more expensive than cell phones, and the higher the autopilot, the higher the cos. Because the car chip is much more stable and secure than the consumer chip like the cell phone, the car cos is generally more expensive than the cell phone.
The car car car has a unit price of $3-8 per unit, while the car 8m car car has a unit price of $12-20 per unit. Moreover, the adas camera is different from the traditional post-visual camera only to obtain static images, but it is necessary to capture a clear image of the object in the vehicle's high-speed movement, corresponding to the general specifications of the adas camera.
High, high unit cost. And with the upgrade of autopilot, the more pixels required for a car-car-car-mounted auto-drive car carrying a post-visual camera, the more likely the cnos pixels are less than 2 m, L2/l3 at 1-3m, l4/l5 at 3-8m.
Therefore, based on global traffic data, we estimate that the global vehicle-car market is expected to be $5.75 billion by 2025, $14.22 billion by 2030, and 1.2 tddi: acquisition of new ideas to accelerate integration, technology plus channels plus brands to support growth.
▪ Displays the functional integration of the driver chip into mainstream technological development, and the tddi chip penetration rate is increasing rapidly. In 2014, synaptics led the launch of tddi (touchanddisplaydriver integration), i.e., displays the driver technology, which will show the effective integration of the driver chip with the touch chip to reduce it.
At present, tddi technology has become the dominant technology for mobile terminal display and contact control, with market penetration increasing rapidly. Add to this the 8-inch crystal circle production capacity, which accelerates the traditional separation ddic shelf.
The shift to tddi, which is dominated by 12 inches of crystal round work, will further boost the demand model of tddi. The CPR data show that, since its first appearance in 2015, the amount of tddi on the end of the cell phone had reached 700 million by 2020, and is expected to reach 760 million in 2021, growing by 8.6 per cent annually.
With the technological improvement of the tddi application to the flatboard computer, it is expected that 95 million tddi will be delivered in 2021, an increase of 46.2 per cent over the same period, and that because of its larger size, the tddi of the upper-order type will be used twice as much as the average mobile phone, and most of it will carry a active touch pen.
Figure 6: Global smartphones and tablets. Figure 7: Global cellular phones and tablet tddi chips.
The price increase for tddi due to a shortage of goods is expected to be reduced by 21q3.
tddi has increased prices in four consecutive seasons. For example, the price of tddi has doubled, while the price of low-end products has increased even more, with prices for unram-free tddi products rising from $1.2 to $1.3 in 2020h1 to $2.5 to $3 per piece, and the prices of products entering the channel market have again doubled by 3 to 4 times.
However, with the current weakness of smartphones, it is expected that mobile phones will gradually fall back in 21q3. But the flatboard penetration rate will increase to tddi, which will offset some of the flat-end price declines. Together with intelligence, mobile phones and tablets, we estimate that the global market is expected to reach its size by 2025.
In April 2020, Weir acquired its Asia-based tddi chip business from synaptics through a subsidiary in Hong Kong (70 per cent shareholding, 30 per cent shareholding) with 26 mobile phone lcdtddi product lines, photo masks, testing units for 120 million dollars.
In July, Weir once again acquired 30% of Hong Kong’s new shareholdings through Weir, Hong Kong, so that he could complete the business of holding synaptics based on the Asia-based tddi. When the acquisition was completed, the tddi harvest was expected to double.
From 2015 to 2017, the world’s largest share was in the low-end series of high-school products covering tddi, with good rates and stability in the product, with the main clients being prominent mobile phone manufacturers, such as Hua, Oppo, Tristar, and Mi.
Asia-based tddi product R & D and support teams of synaptics, building on strong R & D inputs in the field of touch and display technology, extensive intellectual property rights accumulation, and the wealth of production experience of leading mobile phone clients around the world, have created a rich product mix in the field of touch and display.
In the first half of 2021, company tddi achieved operating income of $613 million, accounting for 5.81% of business income of company semiconductors. In addition, the company acquired a limited department of electronics and technology in Shenzhen Gildis, focusing on research and development and manufacturing of tddi and ddic products in the back-loading market, further increasing company contact.
Controls and shows market competitiveness of chips. We expect a doubling of tddi operations in 21 years. 1.3 Emerging markets: increased demand for cos from emerging applications such as security, medical care, ar/vr.
In 2019, mobile phones were the main contributor to the growth of the cos image sensor (cis) market, but in 2020 the demand for cellular phones began to slow down at a rate of only 5 per cent, below 7.3 per cent of the average cis increase, and as the demand for car-borne cameras, security cameras and industrial cameras surged,
The computing, car, and security applications have grown faster than mobile devices. According to the city’s share, while the global cis industry remains dominated by mobile and consumer applications, accounting for more than 72% of total revenues.
Security: The benefits of iot technology, the outbreak of video surveillance cameras driving the growth of security cameras, are currently divided into a variety of types depending on the monitoring environment: 1) High-level Isolation
720p (1280*720), even more than fullhd (1080p, resolution 1920*1080) to a higher 2048x1536 image camera with a higher resolution requirement. 2) Wide-range dynamic camera: capable of brightest and darker areas
Cameras taken in the field, the chip of which contains wide dynamic range camera technology and image processing technology. 3) Day and night surveillance cameras: with infrared camera technology, you can capture a camera with a clear picture in the day and at night. 4) 3d stereo camera: multiple viewings with multiple lenses.
Angular sensing of the image, resulting in a 3d model. The security cos sensor is a core component of the video surveillance camera, benefiting from the development of aiot applications that have been gradually expanded.
Widening to intelligent architecture, smart homes, intelligent retailing, smart cities/government/transport, and national security. Strategyanalytics reports that cameras with a full set of software and service functions below $200 will drive the smart home security camera market.
Growth. By 2023, global market consumers are expected to spend more than $9.7 billion on smart home surveillance cameras. The cos image sensor, the core component of the surveillance camera, will benefit from the spread of diversified consumer-level surveillance equipment and smart home surveillance cameras.
Figure 12: Internal structure of surveillance cameras Chart 13: Application of the security domain cis gradually widens the global security cos volume and market size growth. frost&sullivan data
It shows that global security surveillance and surveillance and cos sensors have increased from about $360 million per year in 2016 to 870 million in 2020 and 24.7 per cent in five years, and are expected to reach 800 million by 2025.
Market size is $2.01 billion, with capr reaching 13.8 per cent and 16.8 per cent respectively in 21-25 years
The size of the global market for security comcos image sensors (millions of United States dollars) The medical camera is used mainly in the field of endoscopic mirrors. The endoscopic lens is a way to enter the body by natural perforation or a small incision of surgery, which allows the pathology to be observed with the eye, thereby helping the doctor.
A medical device for diagnosis and treatment of diseases. As technology develops, the use of endoscopics is expanding, becoming more closely integrated with treatment, and the use of clinical consultations is becoming more frequent. According to rearchandmarkets, the global endoscopic market has reached cagr over the next 10 years.
6.9 per cent, the market size is expected to reach $47.6 billion by 2025.
Products such as htcvive, oculusrift, and psvr promote the spread of consumer-grade vr devices: the successive roll-out of equipment such as hololens, vuzixblade, and epsonmoverio, predicting that the equipment market will enter consumption.
The emerging areas will be the future development of the cos image sensor with an eye and an increase of 1.4 + high-pixel-enabled cellular cellular cellular cellular cellular phones, which are still the dominant applications in the cis market.
Computers, security, automobiles, consumption, industry, medical care, and defence and aerospace, among others, mobile phones are mainstream applications. Yole data show that the global cis industry remained dominated by mobile and consumer applications in 2020, accounting for more than 72 per cent of total revenues.
Quantity: smartphones have increased steadily, with a clear trend of multiple intakes, and smartphones have increased steadily, with a capr of 3.7 per cent in 20-25 years, as the new crown epidemic has slowed since 2020, and emerging markets have a strong demand for medium- and low-end 4g mobile phones.
idc data show that global smartphone traffic reached 652 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 6.52 per cent, and that global smartphone traffic is expected to reach 1.38 billion and 1.43 billion, an increase of 3.8 per cent, for the entire year of 2021, and with 5g mobile phone penetration, intelligence is expected to increase.
Figure 20: Global smartphone sales in 2010 - 2022e and the same number of smartphones are showing a clear trend. In 2011, LG launched the world ' s first double-cam cell phone, in 2016 it wanted to publish three-cam cell phones, and in 2016 - 2018, mobile phones entered the double-cam age.
The iPhone's wide-angled and long-celebrated double-cam program became the mainstream design. Multiclining started in 2019, as a new mainstream, with three camera cameras with hyper-crowded side camera on a wide-crowded basis, and more than three shots, with four and five cell phones emerging.
The screening is not suitable for the installation of more pre-cams, and mobile operators are more likely to use the pre-separated + after-separation program. Prior to 2017, the smartphone mainstream camera configuration programme was a "post-separated + pre-separated" double camera programme, with mobile phone manufacturers upgrading the image of individual cameras.
In 2017, single-camera pixels became a bottleneck and, in order to be more responsive to market demand, most mobile phone manufacturers gave up the light edge of mobile phones by increasing the number of cameras to improve their overall pixels and filming experiences, followed by three, four and even five.
Figure 22: History of Mobile Camera Development Chart 23: Mobile Camera Prefix + Postset Matching Program
Figure 24: Mainly branded flag ship-type camera configurations are gradually increasing in number, type diversification, pre-single + three/four after” will be market-mainstreamed mobile phone camera configurations. The increase in the number of cameras is driven mainly by two points: 1) pre-single one-single past.
In an era of pre-enactment, mobile phone manufacturers enhance their ability to film mobile phones mainly by increasing the number of after-cam cameras.
When the back of the cell phone is added to four cameras, the back of the cell phone camera module is thick and thick, leading to a significant camera bump on the back of the cell phone, which affects the overall coherence of the cell phone. Most mobile phones plants are upgraded from "one front + four back of the camera" to six full cameras.
Instead of continuing to add back-to-back cameras, the company chooses a “two-to-four” scenario. But an increase in the number of cellular cameras would overuse the internal space and increase the amount of cell phones, contrary to the tendency for smartphones to be lightened.
It's only possible to penetrate high-end mobile phones, which are difficult to reach, and the “one-and-four-in-one” will become the market-mainstream mobile camera configuration. We'll have 7,038 million cellular end-of-side cis demand in 2025, 20-25 years.
Pre-single/doubt/third penetration rate of 83.9%/16.1%/0%, ring comparison of pre-single penetration rate increases and double and triple penetration gradually decreases; post-single/doubt/third periv penetration rate of 0.5.9.9%-53.5% per cent, ring of threes and fours, respectively
We're expecting to return to 95% by 2025, with a 3-by-four penetration rate of 34-62%, respectively. Since each camera corresponds to a cmos sensor chip, we're counting to a single portion in 2025.
Prices: Higher penetration of high pixels leads to an increase in the average price of single cmos chips, about 45% of which is still double the penetration of the pre-maintenance of 20 m pixels, which will be the main driving force behind the increase in the average price of single cms for mobile phones.
With the first ball carrying 110,000 pixel ccd internal camera phones, the mobile camera area has evolved. Pixels have increased from hundreds of thousands to millions to tens of millions of pixels, using the value of chips. Our industrial chain has tracked down that, as of August 2021, we were back-run.
The penetration rate of over 40m has reached 88.2% and while the ring ratio is still rising, there is limited scope for upgrading, while the penetration rate of pre-main pixels is 44.7% and the monthly ring rise is faster, while the monthly penetration ratio of over 20m is declining. The spread of high pixels will drive further.
The average unit price of the machine cos is raised. Chart 30: 2018-2021.08 master camera distribution.
Upgrade, yole data show that the average unit price of smartphones and cos in 2019 is that we're going to estimate the market size of cos for global cellular end-users by 2025 at $26,954 million, capr by 6.56 per cent in 21-25, with single cell phones on board.
II. cis industry profile and Howie core advantage 2.1 cis chip market continues to grow at a high rate, with market size exceeding $20.7 billion. The image sensors in the current market are divided into ccd (charge coupling device) chips and cmos (complementarity).
Metal oxide semiconductors (MEOs) chips. Both have an imaging effect by converting light (photons) into electrons and signals (electronics), the difference being mainly between the signals around the light diodes of the two, the electrical circuits are handled differently from the simulators of the light components.
In the ccd chip, the charge is to move further by pixel. In the ccd image sensor, the analogue signal received by the sensor is transmitted directly and in turn, the analogue signal transmitted at the end of the sensor is produced in a single output and is converted by a specific number to the chip and the signal process chip.
For magnification, numerical model conversion and subsequent digital signal processing, the ccd image sensor has the advantage of high resolution, low noise, etc., but production costs are relatively high, mainly for specialized cameras, cels chips, in contrast: its charge per pixel is directly converted to voltage and readings.
This makes the ccos chip much faster. Each sensor in the ccos image sensor can directly integrate the magnifying circuits and the modem switching circuits without sequential transmission and output, further processing of the signal by the image processing circuit, ccos image transmission.
The device is low-cost, low-capacity, and its overall performance, as product technology continues to evolve, has gone beyond ccd to become a mainstream image chip in the market. With high speed (frame rate), high resolution (pixels), low power consumption and the latest improved noise index, volume
The years began to gain prominence and significant R & D resources, gradually gaining a place in the ccd chip-led field, and the market share rose year by year, with Sony, the world’s largest ccd sense chip manufacturer, declaring the production of all the ccd-based chips to be cut off, and fighting the ccos chip.
The coms image sensor, which accounts for 84.1 per cent of the global image sensor, has become a core sensor for mobile Internet and iot applications in applications such as smart hands, functional cell phones, tablet computers, laptop computers, auto electrons, mobile payments, medical images, and industrial machine visualization.
The cnos image sensor is the core element of the camera module, which accounts for over 45% of the value of the camera module. The camera module consists mainly of components such as optical cameras, sound loop motors, infrared cut-off filters and cmos sensors, of which the cmos image sensor accounts for about 45.7%.
At this value, the other module envelopes and other components account for 30.4 per cent, the lenses for 15.3 per cent, and the sound loop motors (executor drivers) for 8.6 per cent, with a global cnos chip of 7.72 billion, with a projected capr of 8.5 per cent over the next five years.
Head and cos designers are constantly pushing back and stacking technology, allowing cos to move from the previous smartphone market to a variety of compartmentalized areas, such as automobiles, security surveillance, medical, vr, and industry. They also benefit from rapid developments in security surveillance, auto electronics, and other emerging areas.
As well as the widespread use of multiple cell phones, the number of cnos chips as a whole has increased and their sales have increased. Billions have grown rapidly to 7.72 billion, with cagr reaching 16.9 per cent over the period, and global cnos chips are expected to reach 11,64 billion in 2025 and 8.5 per cent in five years.
▪ The global market for cnos chips is expected to reach $23.32 billion in 2021. In terms of market size, the global image sensor industry has continued to grow rapidly over the past few years, from $12.8 billion in 2016 to $20.86 billion in 2020, compared to 13% in Cagr over the period.
2.2 Market patterns: Sony, Samsung, Howells, three main advantages, raise their share of power, cis market, three leading monopolies, and Howe market rates begin to rise. In market patterns, Sony, Samsung, and Howie dominate the city, with Sony’s global city remaining the world’s largest in 2020.
One, 39.52 per cent, followed by three stars, 22.37 per cent, Howie's third, 11.62 per cent, and three together, 73.51 per cent. Sony fell by about 3 percentage points, Three Stars rose by 1 percentage point, and Howie by 2 percentage points, mainly due to slower growth in the mobile market, security, security, security, security, etc.
Markets, such as cars, are growing faster, with howwelling in these areas, with Chis rising by 29% in 2020, well over 0.3% and 13% of Sony's three stars. We believe that with rapid growth in demand in areas such as security, automobiles, and ar/vr, and slower demand in the mobile phone market, Howie is growing faster.
This is expected to increase even further. Howie’s overall rate is rising, and we believe that it is largely the result of three major advantages: 1) hand-held market cis technology chases Sony, Samsung; 2) emerging-market branding, which has a high profile of beneficiary industries.
Gas; 3) Fables model flexible and enhanced cooperation to secure productive capacity Strength one: high-end process products continue to break through, and state-owned sub-optimal Howe City rises 1) after breaking 0.7 micrometers, the first global launch was 0.61 micro-pixels 60m resolution cos.
Upon the completion of Howie's acquisition, high-end processes were quickly broken, and new products continued to be introduced. In 2019, the Department launched 0.8 microm32m pixels, 48m pixels and 64m pixels in the mobile phone market. In 2020, the company took the lead in producing 0.7 microm64m pixel image sensors, for the first time.
In 1/2 "optic dimensions, 64 m pixel resolution was achieved, further meeting the market demand for high-end mainstream intelligence mobile designers to deliver resolution-based ultra-small cameras; at the same time, the company ' s 64m pixel image sensor developed 1.0 μm pixels and a leading 1.134 inch.
Optical format, with large optical components and high resolution, provides excellent low-luminous performance for the wide-angled and ultra-broad-angled master camera of high-end smartphones. In May 2021, Howie launched the first global launch of 0.61 micro-pixels for high-end smartphone preset and post-set smartphones.
Discovery cis, which is a four-fold reduction in the size of pixels by 24 per cent, with a higher quantum efficiency and better collage and angular response, compared to the previous generation of 0.7 μm. Four-colour filter arrays use near-pixel combinations, thus achieving four-fold compliance.
Sensitivity in the output of images of up to 15 million pixels can provide 1.22 μm or more for 4k videos. 2) 50 m product performances are gradually being levelled against Sony and Samsung. As consumers increase their requests for smartphones, the cis pixels are required to move from the age of 24m.
50m and 64m. Howie, Sony, and Samsung introduced 50 m pixels in February 2021 for high-end smartphones. Howie's ov50a is the first 50mp for the smartphone market by sensor providers.
Sensors. ov50a is positioned on high-end and flagship smartphones with high resolution, large sensor, automatic focus, etc. The key bright spot is a four-phase test (qpd) auto-focal technique that provides an automatic dslr level, which allows for faster auto-focalization and betterness.
. The sensor supports the 8k video recording of 30fps and the 4k video recording of 90fps and provides a two-thirds staggered hdr. Sony's imx 766 is the second-point 50mp sensor introduced by the sensor supplier.
The larger sensor size plus the larger pixel size provides a higher degree of light absorption than the Sony sensor. Imx 766 uses 2x2 lenses (ocl) solution, using a polyphotoscope on four adjacent pixels from the four Bayer filter arrays, to achieve a high accuracy of small objects.
The sensor captures the maximum resolution of 8192 x 6144 pixels and supports hdr in real time.
The three-star Isocellgn2 sensor is one of the largest image sensors available on the cis market. The sensor is large enough to capture the most likely light through the image sensor, even if the light is low. The image is very detailed.
Double four-pixel colour filter arrays (the quadruple technology), using a combination of 4-to-1 pixels, have been effective in increasing the light absorption capacity of each pixel under low-sight conditions. And using the latest automatic focalation technology of the three stars on the market, super-fast and accurate automatic combing can be achieved.
The latest smartisisopro solution, and the application of two conversions in the scene to create a realistic hdr image, reduces the noise of motion, especially in low light conditions. The sensor supports the staggering of hdr and 4k video recording at 120fps.
Howie's advanced technological breakthrough in high pixels, low power consumption, etc. provides new possibilities for applications operating in low-light or lightless environments, while reducing total power consumption Howie launched nyxel562 technology in March 2020.
The thickness of silicon has been increased, raising the sensitivity of near-infrared (nir) imaging at 940nm by 25%. And using extended dti, the problem of intertwining has been solved by retaining the first generation of nvxel modulation transfer (mtf) levels without affecting the dark current.
A higher-quality image capture and greater range of detections can be provided, while increasing battery life. The quantum efficiency (qe) of nyxel.32 technologies is 70% at 850 nm (17% increase) and the industry record is 50% at 940 nm (25% increase).
Near-infrared imaging (nir) increases detection distance, faster detection of objects, and provides longer response time for the safety of the system and operators. Less infrared led is required, allowing machine visual designers to extend battery life while reducing system costs.
The 48mp product is 27%. The 64mp product is 18%. Howie is constantly making technological changes. Newly developed image sensors for a new generation of smartphones. In 2020, 67 million pixel sensors were released for wide application in the Mi-hua class flag ship.
The smartphones and cos market of Howie City has increased. Now that Howie cos products cover the world’s mainstream Andre brand cellular producers such as Hua, Mi, oppo, vivo, lig, etc., combines three main advantages, adding up to the increase in mid- and low-end Andre machines pixels, the company’s market share is expected to rise further.
Data from strategyanalytics show that in the first half of 2020 Howe had 9 per cent of smartphones and cos, and that the city had increased to 10 per cent throughout 2020.
1) Automobile Market: 20% of Howie's share covers the mainstream car company Howie's 20% share of the car cos market. The Tsr data show that in 2019, Ansomy was the first in 62% of the global car use cos market; Howge's the second largest.
The share was 20.1 per cent; Sony was third with a 3 per cent share.
One-stop service for driver control hardware, with high-quality imaging in a lightless environment. And power consumption is more than 50% lower than similar products that are close to performance, so it can run continuously in very small spaces and at low temperatures to achieve high image quality.
Precelplus (storage) technology. This technology covers mainly the needs of vehicle image sensors 1-8m pixels, including high clairvoyant, the visualization of autopilots, driver fatigue, monitoring, etc., and will be applied primarily to the full storage of l4 and l5 autopilot camera visual platforms.
Howie Car Regulations have been applied to European and American car companies such as BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Tesla, while domestic car companies such as Gilly, Wall, Biadi, etc., have gradually increased penetration rates.
2) Anticós Market: Howell City is the second largest in the world, and high-end is after Sony Howell's sales, and the second highest in the world. frost&sullivan data show that the 2020 global security market is the third highest in the world in terms of volume.
The share was 35/29/16 per cent. But the first three, in terms of sales, were Howie, Soe, covering the lower and medium end markets, and Sony, Howe, were in the upper and middle end of the market.
Figure 51: Global sales competition pattern of the comcos plant, 2020
The dominant technology in the image sensors gives Howie technology a greater advantage than two other companies in terms of technology accumulation and maturity. Howie-Technyxel's near-infrared technology has significantly improved its volume, sub-efficiency, and captures clearer images while reducing power consumption; Sony Starvis backshowing.
The technique achieves the capture of colour images in low-sight environments; the Stewysfcpixel technology obtains higher voltage by adjusting the location of the source tracker to achieve a better night vision. Howie's product covers 1080 p to 4k, and high-end tracking of Sony.
The product has been covered from 1080 p to 4k, with a maximum solution of 12 million pixels, following the pace of Sony. Stewy focuses on the low- and medium-end markets, focusing on the 4k and below. With the high profile of the security surveillance industry, we believe that the share of Howe is expected to rise further.
Hae-kang, Da-hwa's income grew rapidly, highlighting the security situation. Tourists in the field of security, mainly Hae-kang and Da-hwa, benefited from the boom in the security industry, which increased by 39.68 per cent and 37.27 per cent in the first half of 2021, respectively, and the incomes of downstream customers.
The increase will facilitate rapid growth in corporate security revenue.
IL, the share of the Idm model rose from 70.6 per cent in 2013 to 82.7 per cent in 2018.
The Fabless model is more flexible, and some of Sony’s high-end products are replaced by power. The Fables model has its advantages, and the idm and Fables are not so different.
The advantage of this is that it is not limited to individual crystal-crystal mills, which are flexible enough to determine the best trade- and value-for-money plants to meet demand, while, due to the high demand for pure fabless, guaranteed surrogate capacity, well-connected with the surrogates and capacity.
As a result, Howie's version of the Webs model also has its advantages, with Sony being nominally pure idm, and in fact looking for a build-up electrician in the high-level digital part of the stackedisp. Figure 56: Global Idm and Fables model is distributed in cis
Some of Sony’s high-end products are being replaced by power workers from the station to increase their cooperation with domestic sub-plants to secure production capacity. To safeguard product specifications and production capacity, Howie has been working more closely with Chinese sub-plants such as China Point International.
To be a surrogate for high-end products, China Harbour International is mainly a sub-dealer for medium- and low-scale products. Increased cooperation with Chinese manufacturers can also help some domestic sub-plants while safeguarding their production capacity.
2.3cis technology is moving towards 3d integration, and domestic manufacturers are accelerating their rise in the area of disaggregation. Currently, cis manufacturing technology has gone from fsi (foresee) to bsi (backshot) to the current stack bsi technology process. The main differences are in the location of the light-sense components:
Prescopic (fsi): The traditional cos sensor uses a prescopic structure (fsi), i.e., the lens layer, the circuit layer, and the sensor layer from the top down. But the cos sensor using the fsi structure has to go through the opening of the line layer when the light reaches the sensor layer.
Backlight (bsi): The backlight structure is the replacement of the sensor layer to the top of the line layer, where only part of the logical circuits of the sensor are retained, prompting the light to reach the sensor layer directly, thereby reducing the loss of light caused by such factors as the reflection of the light.
The light-sense effect of the photocnos sensor has increased significantly, but the production process is difficult and more costly than the stacking (stack): the stacking structure is modified on a backscopic basis, moving all the circuits to the bottom of the light-sense element, reducing the overall size of the chip, and, in addition, the sensor week.
The surrounding logical circuits are moved accordingly to the bottom, effectively containing the noise of the circuits and thus obtaining better light effects. The process and cost of the stacking cos sensors are higher than the bsi structure, and very high technical standards are required for producing enterprises.
Cis leads the 3d integration in the semiconductor field. Tsv (silicon vent) technology is used to connect sensor arrays with logicdie (logical chip). The stack bsi standard technology is now a mixture of copper-copper connections.
Chart 59: Classification of the cnos sensor technology Chart 60: Cis leads the 3d integration in the semiconductor field, and at present, the technical orientation of the cnos image sensor has evolved from homogenization in the single mobile phone field.
Technology competition, transitioning to technology adaptation and implementability in multi-application markets. In the area of automobiles, high reliability and sensitivity, in the area of surveillance, lightless environmental clarity, in the medical field, in the area of miniaturization and low power consumption, in the field of industrial control, in the field of dynamic high-speed sensors, and in the field of material networking.
Technology competitions among major manufacturers promote the design of smaller pixels, 3d integration technologies and new pixels.
The application of new technologies, such as multilayer-stack and hydird-stack, which have become a new normal in the cnos image sensor field, has enabled phase focus (pdaf), super-slow-action cameras, etc., to be performed. In addition, embedded 3d interactive technology is also available.
One of the main directions in the development of the cos image sensor technology. As vehicle applications, mobile phones should be used for further expansion of the market, and the maturity of the vr technology, this technology will be one of the key core technical indicators in the field of the cos image sensor in the future.
The pace of national production substitution has accelerated: domestic manufacturers have accelerated technological catch-up, and the area of disaggregation has begun to rise, and the “gold period” that is being met by the national production sic. According to yole data, three of the top 10 cis manufacturers in the world in 2020 were Chinese enterprises, including Howe Tech, Gekkowi, and Ste.
Wei Wei, who together account for about 17% of the market share. We're now on the market with Weir shares, Gekkowei, and, as technological bottlenecks break through, national producers are closing their distance from overseas producers such as Sony and the Three Stars.
Mid- and low-end state-producer technology accelerates catch-up. Stewy introduced near-infrared nir+ technology, micro-light night-vision full-colour technology, etc., applied in a series of bsi-rs, fsi-rs and gs, in a comprehensive layout that meets industry applications for excellent imaging of low-light light environments,
In high-temperature working environments, there is a need to maintain a steady high performance of the chip. The use of core technologies such as circuit noise and sound suppression techniques, low-noise-pixel technologies, etc., is prominent in performance indicators such as maximum letter ratio, dynamic range, etc.
The global market for cos image sensors can be divided into two types of traditional and emerging areas. Traditional areas include mobile phones, security surveillance, surveillance.
Automobile electronics, industry, etc.. Emerging areas include drones, land sweep robots, and ar/vr. Most of the new consumer electronic applications that have been driven by technology in recent years. In 2020, Stewy was ranked first in the new frontier, with 25 million cmos; Stewy and Howie are traditional.
The annual production success of the 1.12m base of 13 million pixels is: Biadi semiconductor in 2018 produced 1.3 million pixel car code cis, which also hit global cis manufacturers.
3.1 Half-conductor distribution starts with an endogenous outreach strategy that lays down the status of the country's cis leader The company has expanded its distribution business through continuous external expansion, and acquired the power of Howell technology into the cis high-window track.
In the first phase, 2007-2017, the company focused on the distribution of semiconductor products, while at the same time starting to engage in soc chips, radio-frequency chips and design operations through a series of acquisitions and the creation of new companies; successful listing in 2017, followed by a second phase of company development.
In 2019, the company advanced through the acquisition of Howie Technologies, Spico, and Visconcis: in 2020, it acquired the syna Asia tddi business; in 21 it will launch the Giddis brand and put the tddi and dddic in the post-war market. The development of Weir shares is a process of gradual transformation of the company.
Figure 66: Weir shares development history, acquisition of Howie, leaping to the cos design pole, howell technology is the world's leading provider of digital image processing, cis market share ranking.
Third is global. Howell’s main product is image sensor products, with research and development centres and business networks spread around the world, with more than 13.5 billion shipments per year.
On August 15, 2018, Weir’s shares were to issue about $443 million in shares for the purchase of 96.08% in Beijing. The merger and purchase of Howe’s technology was completed in May 2019.
In addition, this successful acquisition was the beginning of a series of subsequent acquisitions. In 2019, Weir’s shares acquired Spico and its sources of opinion by issuing shares, further consolidating its presence in the country.
Thanks to the acquisition, Weir’s shares have steadily increased their operating income, and semiconductor designs have performed well. Hundreds of dollars, and R&D products are concentrated in the tvs, mosfet, and power-ic sectors.
Since September 2019, when it came to howell technology, in 2019-2021h1, the company’s semiconductor design operations have generated up to $11,359 million, $17,267 million, and $10,549 million, making it a new performance growth point. Well blow-out development, which accounts for the bulk of operating income, has become a major contributor to operating income.
Figure 70: Revenue from the 2018-2021h1 Wehr shares consists of net profits, overall Māori rates and net interest rates of the cis operations, which continue to rise. The cos image sensor product benefits from its outstanding contribution to performance growth, and the company ' s net return profits are derived from the net return profits of the company.
In addition, cos products with a high Māori rate boosted the growth of the company ' s overall Māori rate and net interest rate, which was highly concentrated in the company ' s equity structure in 2018, and the founder, Mr. Yin Yung, became the real controller.
31.48 per cent of the company ' s shares and management of the partnership (limited partnerships) through the Schochen City Weihouse equity investment fund indirectly holding 7.73 per cent of the company ' s shares, with a total of 39.21 per cent of the company ' s shares, being the first-largest shareholder and actual controller of the public department, with absolute control over the company and relative concentration of shares
In addition to the actual control system, the top 10 shareholders hold more than 5% of the company’s shares in the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd. (6.61%), Qingdao City’s State Finance Committee to accommodate the people and hold 3.86% of the shares, and Hua Qingji Industry Flag.
Chart 74: The stock structure of Weir has continued to implement employee incentives to increase employee motivation. The company has implemented the 2017 restrictions.
The Sexual Stock Incentive Scheme, the 2019 Equity Incentive Scheme, the 2020 Equity Incentives and Limitations Scheme, through the implementation of the Incentives Scheme, establishes good incentives that safeguard the interests of the company ' s core technical (professional) personnel and provide an intrinsic impetus to the achievement of the company ' s strategic development objectives.
Figure 75: Three employee incentive schemes since Howell’s acquisition of Howell’s shares.
In 2019 and 2020, respectively, 1.08 billion yuan and 2,448 million yuan in non-net profits were achieved, exceeding the annual performance targets for Howell Technologies.
Howie + Spico cos product: Benefiting from increased mobile penetration, car electricization and intelligence development, arot promoting surveillance and surveillance outbreaks, and increased demand for applications in emerging areas such as medicine, ar/vr.
The company is the third largest manufacturer in the world, and we expect the company to deliver the cos chip in 21-23 years in the same quantity as the other semiconductor design business: this type of business is an image sensor-related product, covering mainly three types of operations, asic, video technology, lcos, etc., benefiting from product shortages and downstream demand.
Releases, expected to continue to grow in 21-23 years, with a steady increase in the average price of the product. We expect the original business of well shares semiconductor design: the company's analogue solution products consist mainly of separate devices (including tvs, tvs, etc.).
The product lines, such as mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power management ic (charger, ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.), radio frequency chips, etc. benefit from the consumer market's need to flourish, companies continue to roll out new products, and product lines increase steadily.
Semiconductor distribution: a firm as one of the main distributors of semiconductor products in the country, with steady operations tddi operations: company succession team and technology of synaptics, thanks to well-developed marketing channels and hands 21 years of competition for lack of goods and capacity, price increases in the industrial chain, and a portion of the company's Māori rate for each product line
The company’s main business is more mature, and business development opportunities, such as cos, are wide, but the cost is expected to be largely stable, given the company’s ongoing investment in a number of new products.
We value the company using the market rate method, and expect the company to return its net profits in 2021-2023 to share shares, Chewie, São Paulo shares, and top technology as comparable companies. We value the company’s market position as the leader of the country’s Cis chip industry, benefiting from mobile phone penetration and pixel upgrades, car power.
Motivation and intelligent development, alot pushing security surveillance outbreaks, and emerging areas such as medicine, ar/vr. There is an increase in demand for applications, and companies are the third largest manufacturers of global cell phones, compared to Sony and Samsung in emerging markets such as cars, security, medical care, ar/vr, and are now in auto cis/Ann.
Disaggregated tracks, such as cis, are the second largest in the world. So, we think that companies will grow several times in the future. Downstream demand is less than expected: smartphone sales drop, multiple camera penetration is less than expected, and the demand for car safety is less than expected to affect the company’s sales earnings and profitability.
There is increased competition in the industry. Increased competition for company products can lead to price volatility, a risk of change in share, and an impact on the company’s income and profitability.
Job shortages will continue into 22 years, with company raw materials at risk of rising prices as surrogate capacity continues to stagnate. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment