Kang Eining's sales were smooth in May, sustained faster and in line with expectations, and maintained the “buy-in” rating of the company's sales in May: 480,000 square metres were contracted by the company in May 2017.
The growth in single-month sales was smooth and significantly better than the industry average: overall sales in the industry were influenced by the intensive March-May multi-city regulatory policy of “restricted purchases, restricted loans, restricted sales, restricted prices”; overall sales in the real estate sector continued to be low in April in May; and 30 large mid-city sales were made in May.
And the company’s sales volume and value for the month of May remained at a higher rate of positive growth than the industry’s average. The sales structure shows a marked increase in the company’s sales average in May compared to April, mainly because of sales in the hotspots of one or two.
The share of sales in the product mix has increased in April. The company’s sales in the restricted cities are currently limited by policy, and the cumulative area and volume of sales in January-May has continued to grow faster than in the previous year.
And the sales structure is reasonable. We maintain our previous judgement that the company's sales growth rate in the second half of the year is bound to fall, that institutional investors account for a share of the liquidity stock, but remain cautious and optimistic about sales throughout the year, and that the company is expected to remain double-digit throughout the year.
In May, access to land resources was positive, with a smooth overall pace: the company added four new projects in May in hotspot cities such as Joohai, Fuoshan, Ka Heung and Hangzhou, with a total land area of 74.6 per cent.
The size of the building is 847,000 square metres (537,000 squares of the building area of the company), the equity ratio is 53 per cent of the sales value, and the company as a whole has a smooth and orderly pace, providing reliable assurance for the sustainable development of the community ' s operations.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The company has a substantial and high-quality land resource based on the former sea trade zone in Shenzhen, benefiting from the planned development of the Australasia Bay region in Hong Kong, and is also involved in the development of the new area.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.