It is hoped that the area will become a resource of 2.9 square kilometres of the former maritime core zone, benefiting from the development plan for the port's Australasia Bay region.
In June 2016, a framework agreement was signed between the Company's Group of Practically Controlling People and the Shenzhen Pre-Sea Authority to promote self-trade zones, agreeing that the two parties would form a joint venture to develop 2.9 square kilometres of the former Authority's former maritime logistics park. In September, the two parties formally jointly established the “Pre-Shen Sea Snake Port” in Shenzhen City.
SDI Ltd., in which the Commissariat Group offers pre-sea investments with a share of 82.5% through a commercial snake portal, the Unit is funded by 50% in comparison with the 300-way movement of the Capital Holdings Ltd. The former Sea is divided into three areas of Gui Bay, former Bay and Ma Bay, with a total area of about 15 squares.
kilometre, 2.9 square kilometres of land developed by the joint venture was located in the Ma Bay region at the heart of the former sea, providing sufficient land security for the future development of the company.
On the morning of April 11, when Prime Minister Li Keqiang met with Hong Kong’s new Prime Minister, Jung-hoon, from the South China Sea, during a meeting with Hong Kong’s new Prime Minister, the Hong Kong Chief Executive, said that the central government would be looking into the development of a development plan for Hong Kong’s Great Bay region. We believe that the former Shenzhen Sea Snake Zone would be opened to the Hong Kong Australasia District, benefiting from the model of “Deep Harbour Harbour Zone + Self-Trade Pilot Zone + Bonded Port Area”
The company will benefit greatly as a major player in the development of the former sea and snake ports. Industrial park development is experienced and is expected to participate in the development and operation of the Yu An-New Zone Deep Farming Park, the first outward-looking economic development zone in the country, the snake industry, since 1979.
During the reporting period, the company’s “snakes” model was developed and operated in several cities, including Guangzhou, Chongqing, Qingdao, Jinjiang, and the new cities of Beijing, Taihu and Dong-hwan. The company’s “snakes” model was in the Shenzhen Sea, Shenzhen, and Shenzhen.
On 1 April, the Central Chinese Communist Party and the State Council decided to establish the Yu Anxin District. The former Secretary of the Shenzhen City Council, Xueqin, was transferred as Governor-in-Charge of Hebei Province. On 11 April, the Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce Group, Li Jianhong, personally led a study mission to Yu Anxin District.
With the rich experience of industrial park development, we believe that commercial snakes are expected to be deeply involved in the construction process in the Yu Anjin district, and that the snakes’ model is expected to be replicated at an accelerated pace. Focusing on the second-line core city, good-quality land reserves underpin the growth of performance.
\triangleright m, 52% of the new land reserves are in first-line cities and 48% in second-line cities. Of the company stock, 25% are in first-line cities and 54% in second-line cities; 25% are in the Bay of Australasia area of Hong Kong, of which 25% are in the former sea.
The SEAL land reserves account for 3.7 per cent of the company ' s total reserves, and the company ' s high-quality land reserves provide a solid basis for its future performance growth.
Investment proposals: We believe that the company has substantial land resources in the heart of the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong and is expected to benefit from development planning in the Bay of Australasia city complex in Hong Kong; and, with its deep experience in industrial park development, it is expected to be deeply involved in the construction of the NZ.
Hu Xian, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economy and Trade, joined the civil security portfolio in July 2011 to date, with many years of experience in media research in the Internet industry. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,