Kang Eining's collection and net profit of 2017,q1 increased significantly by 53 per cent and 165 per cent, respectively, in line with the performance of the company: the company issued a quarterly report with an operating income of $6.94 billion for 2017q1.
Youy+53.4 per cent recorded a net profit of 2.12 billion, yoy+164.7 per cent and a net profit of 2.08 billion after deduction, performance analysis: the large increase in corporate revenue was due mainly to a substantial increase in real estate sales, while the net profit grew significantly faster than the increase in the net profit was due mainly to (1) the transfer of the Shenzhen snake as a whole.
Investment gains of $2 billion from the Dy04-01 (Change) and Dy04-04 projects in the Tai Chi Bay region, and investment from the sale of the whole Ping and Ping projects during the reporting period, since land development and operation are the business model of the company, the transfer of the project as a whole is one of the way of selling the company's products
Sexual gains are the company ' s recurrent profits. (2) The company ' s three cost ratios are 6.21 percentage points lower than the same year.
Performance in the first quarter of the year was relatively small, so the situation in the first quarter was a reflection of overall performance throughout the year Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa Sales and land reserves: companies achieved 1.37 million squares in 2017 q1, sales
With $26.5 billion, or +76, 8% and 101%, the year-round 100 billion plan has been completed at 26.5%, and the rate of increase is higher in the industry. With the multi-city focus in March on the regulatory plus policy, we expect that the company's future growth in sales will come back, but the goal of 100 billion will remain high.
Probability event (yoy+36%), 7 new projects in the first quarter of the company to acquire land construction area Profit prediction and investment proposal: the company based on Shenzhen's former sea trade zone, deep-deep Qin Snake Industrial Zone for more than 30 years, accumulated extensive experience in the integrated development and operation of urban areas and industrial parks.
The head of the Bureau, as the first representative of the company, is going to visit Yu An-Shun, and the company will probably play an important role in the 100 billion-grade construction that has not yet arrived in Yu An-Sin-Sin-Seng, while the company will have enough land in Hong Kong, Australia Bay, to benefit from planning in the future.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.