In recent days, the Bank of Beijing published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved business income of $27.366 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.28 per cent over the same period; and the ownership of the parent company, the Bank of Beijing (601169.sh).
Net profits increased by 7 per cent from the same year, 11,854 million yuan from the same period. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s average earnings per share fell by 6.9 per cent from the same year.
In the first half of 2018, net corporate interest income grew by 12.47% over the year, up 7.54 percentage points over the year 2017; however, the size of the net revenue from fees and commissions and the debt on equity increased slightly, resulting in a sustained expansion of corporate assets as a result of last year’s fixed increase. In the first half of 2018, total corporate assets increased by percentage points over the same period. In terms of net interest differentials, they were affected by the targeted reduction in the policy that guided banks to serve MSMEs in the first half of the year, with a slight improvement in the level of net corporate income differentials in 2018:
In the first half of the year, the net interest rate of the company was 1.82 per cent, an increase of 0.04 percentage points from the beginning of the year. The non-performing loan rate improved slightly, with pressure on asset quality.
It is worth noting that the growth in corporate overdue loans during the reporting period was significant and that, in terms of the additional overdue payments, the increase was mainly over 90 days: as at the end of June 2018, the share of companies in total overdue loans of more than 90 days was 74.7 per cent, an increase of 6.9 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
• Risk factors: (a) less than expected macroeconomic growth affecting asset quality; and (b) excessive cost increases affecting profit levels. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
This report has been prepared and published by the CVM. This report is a unique research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS, providing support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.