Silver World's Wisdom Investment Company, which updates the silver global market, Middle Cream (300308/ch) al demand drives high quarterly performance innovation; cloud producers have high capital spending.
The mid-point Quarter has once again hit a high level, with companies earning RMB 10.2 billion in three quarters, with 57% and 26% of RMB 591.00, respectively. Benefiting from the scale effect of 800g light module deliveries, and silicon light resolution.
Programme adoption rate increased significantly to 42.8 per cent, up from RMB 480.00 in the same period last year and last quarter, respectively
Yang Tianwei, ph.d 800g, is strong, and the combination of increased penetration of silicon light technology has combined to drive the Māori rate to a new high, largely thanks to the optimization of the product structure: the demand for 800g light modules has continued to grow and 1.6t capacity has steadily increased.
At the same time, silicon light technology has an advantage in cost structure, while silicon light solutions have increased penetration rates in 800g and 1.6t of Zhang Yuan holy products, also contributing to the sustainability of profitability.
Good and efficient improvements also drive profit margins. Looking ahead, management expects that the 800g light module Jiang Ka Hao will continue to grow, with 1.6t silicon light products expected to enter a large-scale mass production phase in early 2026.
The company’s industry leadership position will effectively mitigate the raw material supply crisis. Management confirms that since 2024, there have been continued tensions in the supply of key upstream components, such as eml and cwl, but the company’s leadership position in the global light market is expected to ensure its supply of raw materials.
Long-term capacity to reduce potential supply-chain risks. Management expects that the current supply-chain bottlenecks will gradually be eased in the first half of next year as upstream manufacturers expand their capacity.
Long-term prospects. Major overseas cloud producers are steadily increasing their investment in AI infrastructure, which has generated a strong demand dividend for companies. Google has recently increased its capital spending guidelines for the 2025 fiscal year, slowing down, but it is now expected that capital spending will continue to expand.
Continued investment is expected to drive further growth in corporate sales in the future. The surplus rate is higher than a standard deviation from the five-year historical average market surplus, mainly in view of the current boom in capital spending by cloud producers, and the company’s leadership in the light module market.