The demand is driving up three quarters of high performance, and the 1.6t product is about to come out on a massive scale.
The company published a three-quarterly report, yielding 250.0 billion yuan, yoy+44.4 per cent in the first three quarters, a net profit to the mother of 71.3 billion yuan, vov+90.0 per cent, and a net profit after deduction of $7.08 billion, vov+90.5 per cent.
Continued upscaling, sufficient upstream material reserves, sustained demand for downstream global computing, 800g continued product release, initial supply of 1.6t products, leading to robust growth in corporate performance. Follow-up with 1.6t acceleration of delivery and company silicon light programmes to mitigate the stress effects of light chips, etc., is expected to occur in four seasons.
The Māori ratio continues to rise, and future 1.6t/Silica light products are expected to increase profitability further: the profitability of companies continues to rise, the q3 Māori ratio is 42.79 per cent, and the ring ratio continues to rise by 1.30 ptt;
Following up with the accelerated delivery of 1.6t products in four quarters and 26 years, there is still room for further improvements in corporate profitability over the next few quarters, with the company’s global flagship in the field of light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: the light module is.
At the heart of the computing industry, the company is locked in the world's leader, based on a combination of products, a light communication module.
In the 2023 light module manufacturer ranking released by Lightning, Intermediary is once again in the first place, with a strong headline. With regard to new products, the company ' s 1.6t light module product has entered a new cycle of growth; and the company ' s silicon light technology is well stocked and has 1.6t silicon solution.
We believe that future corporate technology will have sufficient reserves to maintain a leading industry in an era of high demand. Profit forecasting: In view of the continued increase in the Māori rate, we will go up and fix the company’s net profit share for the period 2025-2027.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.