Performance increased by the same ring, 1.6t entering the phase of scale deployment — mid-to-zero (300308), tri-quarter report review, 2025. In the evening of October 30, 2025, mid-to-tri-quarter report was released.
During the quarter, the company achieved business income of $25.05 billion, an increase of 44.43 per cent over the same period; net profit returns were realized; data centre hardware demand increased, with 1.6t, silicon light and other new products rising as a result of continuous increases; at the end of the year, large offshore clients continued to raise capital spending guidelines to add ai data centre.
Building planning, the light module industry has also maintained a high climate and certainty, and intermiddle creation has been a leading supplier of light modules in the industry, with a higher rate of income and profit growth compared to the ring. At the profit end, in the third quarter of 2025, the company ' s Māori ratio increased by 7.42 pct, or 40.74 per cent;
The ratio of high-end products such as 1.6t has increased, the silicon light programme has been recognized by priority clients, the rate has improved, and the public-sector Māori ratio is expected to improve further.
The study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Mid-Standard 2024 and the capital spending of Amazon, Meta, Alphabet and Microsoft in the last quarter, based on strong downstream demand, were evaluated in the first quarter of 2025: reduced tariff impact and demand resonance
Microsoft’s management expects that total spending will continue to grow around the clock in the next quarter, while the 2026 fiscal year will also rise faster than the 2025 fiscal year. Google Mothers, alphabet, has moved up to two consecutive quarters to cover the entire year.
With the plan, capital spending is expected to rise further to $91 billion to $93 billion in 2025. At the same time as capital spending, the next generation of platform products has been revised upwards and, on the recently concluded gtc, the current delivery of mainstream products has been announced by Cao Ying-hoon of Cwayda.
And future delivery expectations: as of 28 U.S. Eastern Time, Yvette is now delivering 6 million Blackwell, and Blackwell+rubin is expected to deliver in the next five quarters (by the end of 2026)
As the industry’s leading supplier of light modules, company clients are well resourced, high-end products are rising, and the size and profitability of the company are expected to go up in tandem. We expect the company’s operating income to rise in 2025-2027, respectively.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreed transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.