Mid-Sz (300308.sz) 2026 demand guidelines are clear, 1.6t silicon light delivery has a clear advantage (1). The company issued three-quarterly reports in 2025. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved a revenue of 250.0 billion.
Won, +44.4%; net return to the mother 7.130 million yuan, +90.1%, per q3. Q3.) On November 10, the company issued an announcement to launch a stock listing. \triangleright to sustain the internationalization of the company \triangleright
Strategy and globalization layout, enhancing the capacity of firms to finance abroad, further improving corporate governance and core competitiveness. Corporate boards have authorized company management to initiate the preparatory work for the listing of h shares for a period of 20 November 2025. Market data.
Net interest rates were 42.8%, 32.6%, and four consecutive quarterly ring increases, indicating that the company’s product structure continues to be high-end, with a growing advantage in size. At the end of the three quarters, the company’s fixed assets were booked at $6.51 billion, an increase of $1.37 billion over the same period last year.
At $980 million, mainly for plant expansion and equipment deployment, the company believes that the existing construction work is still insufficient to match next year’s order requirements, that there is a certain level of capacity stress, and that subsequent purchases will continue. At the same time, the company’s recruitment to production bases in Suzhou, Thailand, etc., has been pre-planned with safeguards and lock-in funds.
Source, its global light module flagship branding and standardized operating processes have a concentrated effect on local resource resources. Companies have issued h-stock listing schemes that, in addition to liquidity to meet rapid expansion needs, either drive overseas investors to revalue their companies.
Overseas csp continues to raise capital spending, and 1.6t demand has increased considerably since the beginning of the year, with the company’s silicon light program delivering strong advantages. The latest review by lighcounting indicates that sales of capex, Ethernet module, dwdm transmission equipment for the 2025q3 cloud company have increased more than expected, North America five.
Big csp (Google, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, oracle) 3q25 capital spending outpaced by 50% on a year-on-year basis, with the highest oracles exceeding 250%. In Washington, D.C., Weldaceo Wong Ying-hoon predicts that the cumulative delivery of Weeda blackwell-rubin will exceed 20 million (in gpudie).
The switch with which gb300 will be configured cx8 is expected to be on the 1.6t light module, and Google is expected to generate a significant 1.6t demand for the tpuv7 mass deployment in 2026. The start is to see three seasons of priority clients start deploying 1.6t and continuously increasing orders, and 1.6t is expected to increase in the next few quarters.
The neck is mainly located in 200geml, fau, sequesters, and companies are the few eml and silicon light manufacturers that have been certified by priority customers for their adoption, and self-researching of high-end silicon chips is expected to increase continuously, not only in terms of a higher market share, but also in terms of the Māori rate or continued increase.
In 2027, light communications were expected to be largely clear, and the Trendlight module valuation did not have a return on the value \triangleright monthly processing of about 9.7 trillion tokens, which is now reaching hundreds of millions of dollars, a 100-fold increase that indicates that, despite the fact that it is not possible to make a difference,
High-endai chips change every year, and large csp capital expenditure growth is driven by the Constitutional Clearing Prize. Looking at 2027, the ceiling that pulls token growth in areas such as smart body programming, video and animation, visualization simulations, etc., is still very high. On the light module, apart from the annual increase in the gpuio bandwidth, the scaleup bandwidth needs.
For rapid growth, which may reach ten times the demand for scaleeout, csp clients are pushing for the application of the asic chip in scalup, early scenarios including ipo, npo, etc., leading to a large comparison of light modules.
In North America, capital expenditure is not as high as expected due to the fact that aiinfra is better than the rate of token uplifting, leading to demand contraction: the import of new suppliers by large customers leads to a decline in the share of the company ' s supply; important materials such as cw, fau, etc., are not able to meet supply needs below expectations;
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.