Innolight (300308/ch) record-highquardridrivenbyademand; buy (maintain)
I don't know what to do with it, but I'm not sure if it's true, it's true.
+57/+26% yoy/qoktormb 10.2bn. Grossmarginexpandedsharplyby (previoustp rmb415.00)
+9.2/+1.3pptyoy/qoqto 42.8%, trivenbystroongleverefrom800g up/downside transceivershipsandbroaderuptakeofsiph-basesoluctions.netprofit
qoqtormb3.1bn, alsoarecordhh, withnet chinasemiconducators
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, highgpm. gpmexpansionwasmainlydrivenbyproductmix, led Bysustained 800gvolumegrrowthandotherampof1.6ttransceivers. the broodradoptionofofophharosboth 800gand1.6tproductlinesfurth
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's leaving the globalopticaltranstainscivermärkenablesitceure sufficientmaturessupplyforproductionneeds.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, hyperscalers'expanding fastructureexreinforcesnear-to medium-termgrovethforthecompany.majoroversahyperscalers continuetoclassevesmentiniinfrastructure, providingstrongdemand
I don't know what you're talking about.
72bn.microsoftalsoreiteredatcapexwillcontinuetogrovespatite ellierextaction somoderation.thisustainedhyperscalerspending:factset
I don't know what you're talking about.
52% forecastfor2026eisrevisedupby, reventingtheherrevenue expecedaicex, geopolitic/tariffuncreditations, suplychaindisruptions
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, etc.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(s) coveredhisresearch report with 30calendardayspriortoteteofissueissuesueofthisreport; (2) Will dealinortradeinthestock(s) coveredhisresearchreport3businsdayofotherthedateofissueofthisreport; (3) serveasanofficerofofofofofthe Konglistedcompaniesdirectedinthyport; and (4) havenyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistscompaniedcased.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanotherperson wofthepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.