High performance is in line with expectations, silicon light, 1.6t piloting event: 31 October 2025, midsummit released the third quarter of 2025, first three seasons \triangleright
\triangleright billion yuan, an increase of 56.83 per cent over the same period of 43 per cent, mainly due to the optimization and reduction of the light module product structure, Maga Wei
Effectiveness; combined net profit of 3,327 million yuan and a 30.38% rise in the ring, mainly due to the increase in income and the Maori rate, net profit of $3,308 million not attributable to the mother, and non-current items mainly related to the return on investment, etc.
Each quarter of the year showed a round-up trend in profit margins, with indicators such as cash flow and asset liabilities performing well. The company was in the lead in 1.6t and silicon light modules. q3 in 2025, the company’s priority clients started \triangleright.
Other priority clients will deploy 1.6t on a large scale in 2027. Companies are well prepared for R & D and market imports, and they have a market pre-emption of 1.6t.
The light module lead business has benefited from the wave. Demand for the light module industry has grown rapidly since 2025, and one quarter of 25 years has been reported as having met expectations, and one is driven by high levels of demand.
Industry trends, such as the continuous upward revision of capital spending guidelines by large offshore clients, the addition of a one-data centre construction plan, the introduction of high demand for end-of-the-light modules -- 2025/04/21, and the full-light switch programme, will also gradually emerge.
Review: a significant pull-up of 400g&800g demand, company industry, big capex input, company as a global digital light module leader, will benefit from continued depth: Amazon performance will continue to grow high - 2024/08/26
Quarterly 24-year review: performance meets expectations and i continues to push high-end light module requirements of $2024/04/23 billion, with plans to double the size of the data centre over the next two years.
Investment proposal: Considering the continuing high demand for high-end light modules driven by the ani, we anticipate that the company is in the process of friction and that the capital expenditure of North American cloud producers is not as high as expected. Methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.