Three quarters of the 2025 report: Performance meets expectations and looks up to high-end events: the company released its third quarter of 2025. The company achieved a revenue of 25.51 billion yuan, i.e. +44.4 per cent, and a net profit of 7.130 million yuan, i.e. +90.1 per cent for the mother, 25q3 yuan in the third quarter of 2025.
800g, 1.6t high demand + silicon light accelerates penetration, and corporate profitability continues to rise. 25q3 has a margin of 42.8%, corresponding to +9.2pt, ring +1.3pt, six consecutive quarterly ring increases. We believe that the company will remain profitable against the background of the usual year-on-year decline in product prices.
The momentum of high lubrication growth is mainly due to the continued increase in the volume of 800g shipments, the increase in the cost of amortization, the higher Māori ratio, and the optimal structure of the 1.6t silicon light module start-up product. We believe that following the further expansion of the size of the company, the increase in the silicon light ratio, the increase in the integration of silicon light chips, the increase in the volume of 1.6t.
The company continues to expand its production and expand its research and development inputs into cutting-edge products. The company continues to advance its investment projects, such as the three-phase project of the High-end Light Module Industrial Park, and the company’s high-end product-related packages.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company invested 950 million yuan in streamlined light modules associated with osfp and displayed them on the site at lfc2025. The company, as a global head manufacturer with close connections to large clients, was able to respond to demand from mainstream customers, while expanding production in an orderly manner.
Midlife Cream: 2025. We're looking at the company as it continues to expand its capacity to produce and improve its ability to deliver high-end products.
ai’s computing needs continue to grow, and the demand for light communications has erupted with a multiplier effect. One- or two-line cloud companies have maintained strong spending, and Marvell predicts that the four cloud plants combined capex is expected to outpace in 2025.
$30 billion, mainly for the construction of a data centre and the acquisition of accelerators.
Performance forecast: Overperformance, industry needs “dollars per unit” that can be bought, need to buy arithmetical cards and ancillary increases, investment in or redistribution of the cloud plant's capital to the industry chain, which is expected to grow faster than the cloud plant's capital expenditure. We recognize.
In the context of the reasoning scenario, a combination of tco, user experience and modelling capabilities is creating a larger demand for arithmetic interconnection, and companies, as global light module pioneers, are expected to be less than expected; increased competition in the industry; tight supply of raw materials; and an iterative industrial technology.
The Middle East Stock Exchange Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.