The performance of the high-speed light module was higher than expected — 3q25 performance rating: the company issued its third quarterly report for 2025.
Midlife Cream (stock code: 300308) Performance is up to expectations, collection quality is up, and performance is bright: in the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved harvest.
The high-speed light module output boosts the profitability of the company, and the demand side is high: as the global Van Wang Xiyu is moving fast, the company, as a global leader, benefits from 800 g.
The high-speed light module demand for the table has increased, with an increase in the penetration rate of the silicon light module superimposed, while the 1.6t light module, mainly based on the silicon light programme, is produced and exported on a large scale, with the product on a well-priced basis. On the industry side, we believe that the global upstream supply of raw materials remains strained, with the company ' s 3q25 stock reaching.
The pressure is relatively manageable, while the output of the high Māori 800g silicon light module/1.6t silicon light module has increased further the company’s Māori ratio. Investment proposal: We believe that the current demand side is at 800g light module maturity and 1.6t light module
The demand is expected to increase on a seasonal basis, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to give priority to the benefits of the sector’s expansionary dividends. Less than expected risks, increased competition in the light sector, etc.
2. [Galactic communication] company review report - Middle Cream (300308): Ia pull performance is high and high-speed light module is sustainable. [Galactic communication] company review report - Middle Creak (300308);
This report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.