Bank Ningbo (002142.sz) Retail loans are growing at a very high rate. 1h22. Retail company loans grew by 19.9% over the year.
The size of the loan is 435 million yuan and the size of the loan per capita is 50 million yuan; (2) an increasingly rich product matrix: retail company operations include 11 financing services, covering a variety of ways of increasing trust and designing different business lines; and (3) retail company clients with a high volume.
Wealth management is the core engine of intermediate income. (1) Flows on the line + liquidity: Ningpo bank apps are perfected, the current plate is rich in content, the liquidity plate is financially oriented and covers a rich system of marketing; (2) customers and aum are growing at a high rate: 1h22, individual customers aum 730 billion
The poor rate (0.77%) is the lowest among the listed banks. 1h22 capital adequacy and core-level capital companies are expected to remain stable in response to macroeconomic fluctuations, positive adjustments, and future credit growth.
The Ningpo Bank's business strategy, based on SMEs, has been continuously adjusted and expanded: 2000-2006, basic strategy formation. (1) Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have been targeted to create a corresponding scale.
Client groups, building up a stable corporate client base. (2) In 2006, HSBS was introduced as a strategic investor, replenishing capital, marriage techniques, and providing a path for staff training. (3) A specialized control system led by a “scorecard” has been developed.
In 2007-2013, the region expanded. (1) In 2007, the Bank of Ningpo was listed, while the Shanghai branch opened. (2) In 2008, the Shenzhen branch opened. Since then, Suzhou, Winzhou, Tin-free, Beijing, etc. have been separated. (3) In 2013, the long triangle was initially formed as the main body, with the Pearl Triangle and Ring Bay as the two wings.
Large retailing strategies and digitization are being promoted from 2014 to the present. In 2014, major retail sales were first introduced, in 2015 financial science was given priority, in 2018 wealth management was established as a top priority in personal business, in 2019, in the architecture of the financial system, in 2020 to the present, and in parallel with service entities, there is a greater focus on digitalization.
Adaptive strategies and changes are directly reflected in excellent financial data: since their listing, Ningpo Bank has raised cumulatively 42 billion yuan through ipo, boosts, shares, and priority shares, but the accumulated net profit generation has been 107.4 billion yuan (discounting the discount factor for the time being).
High rate of increase: the total assets, collections and net profits of Ningpo Bank are five years cagr (2017-2021), with net interest income, fees and commission income as of 1h22 and investment returns as 58.8 per cent, 12.0 per cent and 14.3 per cent, respectively, constituting the three main engines of revenue collection.
Figure 5: The marginal increase in the contribution of investment earnings to the growth rate
In terms of the distribution of assets, the area of the company ' s exhibition is concentrated in Ningbo (36.2 per cent of the total estate), while the other major areas of the exhibition are Shanghai (7.4 per cent), Shenzhen (6.2 per cent), Beijing (5.9 per cent), Hangzhou (4.9 per cent), Suzhou (4.9 per cent), Nanjing (4.3 per cent), Tin-free (3.4 per cent) etc. (Gang).
Each branch together accounted for 13.9% of the total. The economy of the exhibiting region is dynamic, and the nominal gdp and loan balances of the total branch are increasing at a significantly faster rate than the country as a whole. If the local competitiveness of the branch is measured by the two dimensions of the asset balance/local name gdp, the asset balance/local loan stock, most points can be seen.
Figure 7: Economically active areas of the exhibit 3 Micro and individual loans: the second growth curve in interest income
3.1 Loans: The geographical spread of small and individual loans has changed from Ningbo City to the provinces, Jiangsu, Beijing and Guangdong, and since 2018, loans from Ningbo City and other municipalities in the provinces have grown at a rapid rate, with a relative increase.
The percentage of loans in Ningbo fell from 83% in 2008 to 42% in 1h22, and in other municipalities in the province Figure 8: Geographical distribution of bank loans in Ningbo, where loans from retail companies grew at a significantly higher rate than those from wholesale companies. As of 1h22, the public sector was able to borrow more.
Division loans of $518.3 billion, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the same period, of which wholesaler loans of $31.8 billion, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the same period: optimal strategy, aggressive retail sales, to Deep Farm wholesaler clients: systematization + onlineization + standardization
In 2017, the company set the stage for further business development by strengthening marketing for listed or prospective listed companies on the basis of the original “market-win”, “bank-win” and “export-win” financial services programmes. In 2018, the “211” project was developed, with a three-year target of each.
In 2019, the “123” client coverage scheme was supplemented, and after a high number of high growth, effective clients were explored and their value increased.
Improve the system of products in progress, with emphasis on onlineization and mobility. Continue to strengthen comparative advantages in such products as paper, finance, government, and income-friendly goods. For example, instruments are based on the life cycle of the instrument, creating bill openings, bill collection, discounting, financing, and all-process service lines.
In addition, it promotes the up-to-date and mobileization of off-line operations, including loans, bills, bonds, supply chains, etc., standardized customer marketing channels. After 2017, companies focused more on specialized marketing teams.
Figure 10: Steady growth in the number of wholesaler clients Figure 11: Increase in the size of loans for wholesaler clients —   + upgrading services + up-to-date customer mass
By the end of 2021, there were 320 micro-services teams with a total of 2,774 members, with an average of nearly nine. The loan size of the group was $435 million, and the per capita loan scheme was $50 million, an increase of $84 million and $13 million, respectively, while the number was slightly reduced.
Retail company services cover different segments of business operations. Retail company-owned products consist mainly of financial services and cash management. First, financing services include 11 products such as tax loans, fast-track fast-lending, fast-lending, and other products that meet the different needs of large and small enterprises.
Mortgage loans, letter of credit mortgages, guarantee loans, mortgages on receivables, etc., not only apply to different modes of credit increase (mortgage, pledge and credit loans), but also cover different segments of business operations (receivables, mortgages and letters of credit loans). Second, cash management operations include four products such as illiquidity, speed cards, etc.
As of 1h22, retail companies had 393,000 customers, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same year, and loans to households amounted to 400,000, an increase of 20,000 compared to the end of the previous year.
Figure 13: Small and micro-groups and per capita loan sizes Increase Figure 14: Retail company clients increase steadily Figure 15: Retail company customers increase loan sizes on average
- □ number of retail company clients (million households, left axis) - same speed increase (%, right axis) \sqcap
3.3 Individual loans: healthy growth in consumer loans and housing loan lending Individual credit consists mainly of a series of three categories: “Little life” (four products, one pledge, three credits), “Little entrepreneurship” (five products, both mortgages and pledges), and “Little Quest” (four products, real estate pledges).
At the same time, companies continue to push for product upgrading, incorporating big data analysis, focusing on priority clients, online credit groups, with over 200 customer labels.
The share of corporate housing loans in total loans is well below the average for the upper-market comptoirs and will remain relatively low in the future. Figure 18: Horizontal contrast, the share of Ningpo Bank housing loans is still low. 3.4 deposits: steady growth in deposits
After Hangzhou Bank, the overall deposit cost is 1.83% the lowest in the city’s comptoirs. The ratio of deposits to the three lines of wholesale/retail companies/individual banks is 2.51/1.08/0.73, with two layers of meaning behind it: first, Ningpo Bank is extremely sticky to the deep operations of wholesaler clients.
Second, overall, the wholesale company line of funds is to a certain extent reimbursing the release of retail companies and individual credits, while individual funds are channelled to the property.
Figure 21: Average cost of bank deposits at Ningpo Bank is lowest among the listed comptoirs
▪ The percentage of corporate current deposits (%)  personal term deposits (%)  individual current deposits (%) □ other deposits (%) 3.5 rate of return: policy-guided loan interest rate down 4.45%. The decline in individual loan returns is due to the rapid growth in the size of housing loans, the increase in the share of housing, and the increase in the share of housing
Loan returns are generally lower than other individual credit loans; lower returns on corporate loans are mainly due to policies that lead to lower costs for real enterprise financing and lower pricing benchmarks for lpr. In a horizontal comparison, corporate overall lending returns at the end of 2021 were only lower in the city’s comptoirs than the Bank of Lanzhou and the Governor
Sandbank. Corporate net interest differentials of 2.21 per cent overall, ranked fifth among the city comptoirs. Figure 24: Urban comptoir loan returns Figure 25: Urban comptoir net interest differentials
4 Wealth management: a core engine of middle income 4.1 currents: scene surges + finance + finance + finance, high growth of individual clients.
Finance provides differentiated products (white-collar, tradable, micro-leasing, etc.) for different groups of customers, covering more rich generations such as foundations, trusts, gold, solid revenue, and the “forever-win” zone.
The sales system. The number of subscribers to the 1h22 Ningbo Bank amounted to 66.13 million, an increase of 23.7 per cent, and the number of users of the mau amounted to 31.16 million, an increase of 21.9 per cent, while the number of individual customers aum aum amounted to 730 billion, an increase of 1h22 private bank clients amounted to 15.6 million, an increase of 39.2 per cent.
At the same time, resources are integrated to meet the full range of needs of private bank clients, focusing on people, families, and businesses.
4.3 Wealth management: acting income is the dominant source of revenue The management of acting wealth has been an important transformational direction in the personal business of Ningpo Bank since 2018. 1h22 agent income is 77% in fees and commissions, mainly because of the fact that managing wealth is the main source of income.
• Figure 27: Rapid growth of bank app users in Ningpo
Figure 30: Increase in the share of individual deposits in retail aum Figure 29: Steady growth of individual clients aum Figure 31: High growth in the number of private bank clients
Figure 32: High growth of private banks aum Chart 33: Fees and commission income structure 5 Quality of assets: gene implantation control awareness
Companies have for many years adhered to the risk concept of “risk control is cost reduction” and to the harmonization of letters of credit policies, risk early warning based on independent letters of approval, after-prior lending, industry studies, industry chain studies, etc., as well as to risk management measures following the economic cycle and industrial restructuring.
As a result, a proud record of asset quality management has been maintained. 1h22 credit costs and poor generation rates, while rising to 1.72% and 1.26% respectively, are mainly due to a change in the firm’s negative perception criteria and a higher level of write-off. The negative rate remained the same as at the end of the previous year, at 0.77%.
Figure 35: Increased marginality of credit costs Chart 36: Increased marginality of adverse production rate □ negative rate (%, left axis)  provision coverage (%, right axis)
Figure 40: Increases in loan growth and increase in the rwa increase factor per unit of capital gain 6 profitability projections and investment proposals Net interest differential: End-of-debt cost rates remain stable, but companies increase their real economic support to guide them
Lower cost of financing, lower rate of return on loans in the context of recurrent epidemics and lpr reforms, higher projected non-interest income: volatile capital markets shock wealth management income, projected fees and net revenue from commissions Broad credit cost: corporate prudential operations, adequate financing, larger write-off in the first half of the year, and expected to be broad
For the banking sector, asset quality expectations are included in the relative valuation, and there is no way to move away from current market pessimism or optimistic expectations when the recent reference is used, while the forward reference does not provide guidance on the timing of average return, resulting in arbitrary results. Therefore, the present report uses the modified residual return model.
Both models assume that investment requires a return of 10.5 per cent and a sustained growth rate of 2 per cent. The residual returns model assumes that the remaining returns of the investing company will gradually be zero in the next 15 years.ddm assumes phase II
In particular, the initial version of the residual earnings model is book value pricing: corporate value = adjusted net assets + residual gains discounted. For the most part, Ningpo Bank’s pb valuation is greater than 1 and therefore no longer discounts the fair value of the net assets as compared to other banks.
Roe  Macroeconomic over-expected contraction: The over-anticipated contraction of macroeconomics not only stifles credit growth and asset quality, but also leads to a negative cycle of market pessimism about bank shares.
• Repeated domestic epidemics: the epidemic will limit the movement and consumption of residents and slow the growth of retail loans. The quality of loans has deteriorated beyond expectations: if external shocks lead to a serious deterioration in the quality of micro-enterprise assets, the public sector will need to increase its provision, and the net profit will be seriously eroded.
Appendix: Profit projections and key indicators