Small microcompetitiveness continues, valuation value ratios highlight the strong position of Ningbo Bank (002142) and the mechanism leads the country's first publicly listed comptoir, based on Ningbo and Deep.
The advantages of the area are clear, the resource endowments are strong, and they provide a vast space for doing business. The company, by virtue of its location, is strategically able to locate small groups of micro-enterprises that can't do well and small banks can't do well.
In addition, companies focus on developing retail and light capital operations, creating diversified profit centres, wealth management and consumer finance operations that are effective, creating new profitable growth points. Corporate equity structures China’s relative balance of capital, private capital, and foreign capital to build market-based mechanisms, access to finance, and resources.
• Balanced income structure, retail, public and financial balance in the basic good company business structure, proportion of industry depth - banking strategy 2023
202212: Take the recovery window period, select the region + track, report on industry dynamics _ Banking 1.06%, and stay at the forefront of the industry. The breakdown shows a net interest gap of 1.99% and a non-interest income contribution of 39.18%.
Economic and social recovery, liberalization of property policies, improvement of banking practices, improvement of micro- and consumer lending, expansion of business radius (1) continuity of micro-competitiveness in public business.
The Division, as a separate profit centre, operates professionally, adapts to the local economic structure and maintains high growth, while the layout, 211 project, 123 customer coverage schemes and products such as the Five Second Treasures expand market space, enhances customer stickyness, and accounts for core deposits. (2) Retail operations are dominated by high-yield, low-risk consumer loans.
At the end of June 2022, corporate consumer loans accounted for 65.72% of retail loans and contributed positively to raising the overall price of retail loans.
As of the end of September 2022, non-interest income stood at 39.18%, and the country’s gold business was highly profitable.
While acting income is subject to short-term market shocks, wealth management has become stronger, funds have taken the lead, city comptoirs have maintained a high increase in aum, and high net customer contributions have increased. At the same time, corporate capital is better than risk offsets are strong.
• Valuable value ratios are high, and it is expected that the current distribution of pb and pe at medium- and long-term premium companies, which is 9.5% and 11.9% in 2019, is higher than that of the other banks, Jiang Zing City comptoirs.
• At the intra-business level, the company is faced with strong financing needs and high-quality client groups in the Jiang Zing region, as well as an expansion of the industry, focusing on the expansion of retail and light capital operations, the deployment of diversified profit centres, and strong performance and profitability.
At the non-interest level of business, wealth management, high performance, high contribution of marketing operations, release of multi-profit centre construction, and investment in financial assets, the ability to trade is excellent, making a sustained contribution to profit growth. In addition, corporate wind control systems are mature, assets are available.
Quality is excellent, adequate. Management changes have limited impact on corporate strategy and core competitiveness, and we continue to look at our future prospects and maintain a “recommended” rating in conjunction with current company fundamentals and valuation levels.
Ningpo Bank, the country's first listed comptoir, was established in 1997, introduced strategic investors through targeted increases in 2006, and currently has a retail company line dedicated to small businesses in Shanghai in 2007.
In 2013-2015, the company started a major retail and light capital transformation, bringing it to 16. To date, Ningpo Bank has public funds, financial leasing, consumer finance, finance, capital management, etc., with branches in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Su, Tin-free, Winzhou, Kimhua, Shao Shing, Taizhou, Jia.
At present, in addition to the Ningbo region, the company has 16 branches and 466 outlets, of which 10 are located in Zhejiang province, 3 in Jiangsu province, and the rest.
By the end of June 2022, most of the company’s loans had come from Zhejiang and Jiangsu, with contributions of 65.78 per cent and 21.86 per cent, respectively. The two provinces are economically well developed, with a strong demand for financing, a vibrant manufacturing and private economy, and a concentration of high net worth people, creating a vast business space for the public sector, contributing to the continued expansion of the balance sheet and the rapid development of wealth management operations.
(ii) Focusing on micros, multi-profit centres expanding their business space, companies focusing on micro-enterprise lending and growth continuity, depending on the local context. At the strategic level, corporate watch business is gradually shifting from being dominated by the original corporate bank to being a central retail company with a dedicated profit centre, with a focus on serving large banks.
By the end of 2021, the company’s micro-enterprises had focused on developing retail and light capital operations and creating diversified profit centres, with the exception of State capital and capital.
Outside the two main areas, wealth management and consumer finance operations have proved to be effective, creating new profit-generating growth points that have helped to enhance household cohesion, optimize income structures, and move through cycles. On the basis of corporate banks and retail companies, Ningpo Bank has built wealth management, private banks, individual credit, long-distance banking, credit cards, institutional operations, investment banks, asset trusts, paper operations,
Ten profit centres, including financial markets, together with four subsidiaries totalling 16, have been better able to meet client diversification needs, especially in the areas of consumer lending and wealth management. By the end of June 2022, corporate consumer lending accounted for the total retail sales. By May 2022, Ningpo Bank had completed its acquisition of Chinese cut-off funds, with a 70 per cent share.
1. The equity structure is stable and pluralistic, and provides security for the construction of market-based mechanisms, access to finance and resources. To date, the Ningbo Development Investment Group and the Hong Kong Bank of Singapore are the first two shareholders in the company.
18.74 per cent and 18.69 per cent, followed by the Yagor Group, with 8.33 per cent shareholdings, and a relative balance between public, private and foreign holdings, favouring checks and balances and providing a favourable environment for the Ningpo Bank to build and maintain market-based mechanisms. At the financial level, the first three major shareholders have been involved in several firm increases, helping companies to replenish capital in a timely manner and to develop micro-business.
As a strategic investor introduced in 2006, the Bank of China, in addition to providing management, business and technology exports to companies, has also worked in depth with companies in a number of areas, including cross-border gold, private banking, risk management, human resources, and, in particular, financial operations, bringing advanced trading concepts to the Bank. The Strategic Cooperation Agreement of 2017 has been renewed to continue to deepen cooperation, involving technology, business, and industry.
Knowledge-sharing and training of personnel, etc., Figure 5: Strategic collaboration between Ningpo Bank and the Bank of Congregation, January 2006: Initiation and signing of agreements, provision of training and technical assistance
• Training projects: CBSA provides comprehensive staff training and development projects to Bank Ningpo, including but not limited to tailor-made in-house training, on-the-job training at the Bank's premises, external training (including seminars, conferences and workshops) and scholarships to eligible staff.
Technical assistance: HWB provides technical assistance to Ningpo Bank, including, but not limited to, risk management, internal audit, personal banking, financial operations, information technology and other areas: under the annual programme in force at the time, HWB will send some of the corresponding funds to Ningpo Bank at the appropriate time
Experienced personnel, providing on-site advice and guidance related to training projects or technical assistance. August 2017: renewal of strategic cooperation agreements.
2. Incentives + management stability contributes to medium- and long-term development, strategic and efficient implementation corporate incentives are better paid and management is stable and well-stocked, facilitating long-term strategic implementation.
2022h1, Ningbo Bank ' s per capita remuneration was 52.12 million yuan, ranking 8 out of 42 listed banks, and 3rd out of 42 listed comptoirs: as of the end of June 2022, company directors, supervisors and senior managers held a cumulative share of 4822036, which compares to 9 out of 13 in three years, leading the company ' s many transformational development efforts, with significant results.
He resigned, but still holds the post of Deputy Secretary to the Party Council, which is expected to have a limited impact on strategic stability and core competitiveness of the company. Incentives are excellent, and employees are paid in the first three jobs.
(i) The income structure is balanced, and the underlying excellence of the company’s income and profit structure are relatively balanced. As of the end of June 2022, the company’s operating income consisted of personal operations, the company’s benefits from non-interest contributions and the excellent quality of assets, the company’s performance continued to grow at a high rate, and the level of profitability continued to prevail.
In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate revenue and net profits grew by 15.21 per cent and 20.16 per cent on the same basis, continuing to exceed listed banks and urban comptoirs. Figure 7: Comparison of corporate revenue and net gains with industry Figure 8: Bank Roe and Roa
Figure 9: Corporate net interest differentials, non-interest income contributions and asset quality (ii) loan operations: deep-farming micro- and consumer lending, business half-way expansion.
The company’s public business is divided into two parts, corporate banks and retail companies. Of these, the company’s banks mainly serve large and medium-sized enterprises, institutional customers, government-type customers, etc., while retail companies are dominated by micro-business and continue to be competitive. By the end of June 2022, corporate banks and retail companies had loans of $31.8 billion and $157.2 billion, representing 58.3 per cent and 29.49 per cent of public loans, respectively.
Retail companies, as separate profit centres, operate in a professional manner, maintain a high volume of operations at a high speed of hundreds of millions of yuan as a result of adaptation to the local economic structure, and work with local government authorities to improve micro-business products and models in addition to online inclusive financial loans, further consolidating core advantages, such as the identification of business cross-border credit information authorizations for the NAC sector segmental platform.
The launch of “export micro-credits” and interfaces with the central bank’s central bank, Ningpo City branch, inclusive financial credit information service platforms, Zhejiang Province, etc., provides “easy-to-lending” products based on mega-data modelling of small and micro-enterprises, business, social security, and electricity. We believe that Ningpo’s retail companies still have room to grow, and are expected to benefit mainly from the heterogeneous branch and the public.
In addition to Ningbo, the company has increased its staffing capacity in Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Suzhou, Wuxi, Winzhou, Jinhua, Shashing, Tai County, Ka Hing, Liao Shui, Lake State, Kyushu, Choyama, and has built branches, sunk points, as of the end of 2021.
In addition, the number of retail customers increased significantly after the 211 project, while the new 123 plans will further increase the coverage of the target group of branches. Given the concentration of branches in economically developed areas, the market capacity is large, and the firm’s competitive advantage in small areas is evident, thus playing a role in the continued expansion of retail company operations.
Figure 11: "211" project and the 123 client coverage scheme • Three years to achieve a sustained consolidation of the base by servicing 20,000 individual bank clients per branch, 1,000 retail company customers, 100 company bank customers
Businesses and basic clients to expand the coverage of financial services. “123” client coverage scheme — i.e. 10 per cent coverage of the local household population by the individual bank of each branch, for retail companies
The target client coverage for MSMEs is now 20%, corporate banks are 30% covered, and efforts are being made to increase the total number of basic customers and accelerate the integration of banks into the real economy. In addition, rich product systems, integrated financial services have contributed to increasing the stickyness of micro-clients and depositing low-cost deposits.
The company empowers its clients through five products such as Erboro, settles large-core clients and reduces the cost of liabilities, mainly in the areas of finance, foreign exchange, government, paper, investment, payments and employees, with small micro-credits offering gold ponds, fast-tracked loans, tax loans, loans, loans, swaps, easy-to-consolidation, and so on. As of the end of June 2022, the company's deposits were in a variety of areas.
Provision of core functions such as account management, receipt and payment management, bill management, financing management, remuneration management, and value-added services such as budget administration, reimbursement management, procurement claims, etc. Smart tickets: use of intelligence as a core and continuously optimized billing, signing, endorsement, discounting, collection, queries, etc.
A life cycle that provides businesses with more efficient and accessible paper business experience through smart ticket opening, smart endorsement, smart signing, extremely high discounting, smart collection, smart queries, etc. Asset pools: an enterprise can use silver tickets, bills of deposit, money management, structured deposits, domestic certificates, commercial tickets, domestic receivables, cashiers, cashiers, cashiers.
Liquid assets such as accounts receivable form a pool of financing levels under which comprehensive financial services for various types of off- and off-the-shelf, local currency financing operations can be processed at any time under the asset pool pledge. Group asset pools: an enterprise group can use banknotes, bills of deposit, treasury management, structured deposits, domestic certificates for headquarters and molecular companies.
Liquid assets, such as liquid assets, provide pledges to the pool, form pool financing levels, self-sponsible allocation within the group, achieve levels, share, and readily transfer all forms of off-the-shelf and foreign currency financing under the pool. 40,000 cross-border trading and investment enterprises are thoroughly analysed for foreign exchange management needs over time and innovatively using big data, cloud meters, etc.
Calculators, biometrics, artificial intelligence technologies, a dedicated collection of more than 200 functionally specialized foreign exchange platforms, a full-cycle, mobile, and open-ended experience of extreme foreign exchange. A comprehensive “housekeeper” financial service for clients of political parties, businesses, social organizations, etc.
The investment manager is a market starter, an investment information system tailored to debt-paying clients. For business pains in the full debt-estate process, there are six “one-key functions” to help enterprises achieve smart management objectives in their debt-emitting operations, including:
One key query, one key match, one key registration, one key release, one key payment, and one key approval. The aim is to provide a more convenient product investment transaction service to clients of bankers and financial institutions in Ningpo, to abandon the cumbersome chain of direct sales of products such as traditional funds, to create online upscaling, one-stop trading experiences, and to have a key opening account, quick exchange.
Easier, easier to settle, more supportive to invest, etc. Collectable treasures provide billing services to prospective vendors through bank card receiving terminals, web payment interfaces, bar-code payment techniques, etc.
The objective is to provide a more efficient and convenient hosting service for asset hosting clients, moving away from traditional paper-based material stamping, process-intensive product hosting practices and creating an operational platform for upscaling, electronicization and humanization; customizing large versions for different types of clients, with such advantages as online opening, electronic instructions, data queries and post-investment management.
2. Retail operations: high-yielding, low-risk consumer loans, purchase of Chinese cut-off funds and expansion of the national layout 65.72 per cent of retail loans at the end of the month, with companies accounting for 21.63 per cent of loans and mortgage loans only.
12.65%. The high ratio of consumer loans has been positive in raising the overall price of retail loans, which currently account for 6.97%. Consumer loans are still better configured in the medium to long term.
The consumer loans of Ningpo Bank focus on low-risk, high-quality customers, and the use of financial technology and asset quality. The main product of consumer loans is white-collar, for civil servants, employees of public establishments, large State companies and listed companies, and other high- and middle-level customers, with corresponding evaluation criteria and a better overall asset quality. In May 2022, Ningpo Bank completed its work on China.
(iii) Multi-profit centre construction results released, wealth management business boomed, 1. Multi-profit centre increased operating flexibility, and non-interest income contributions increased volatility in the cycle of hedge industries.
The multi-profit centre of Ningpo Bank is an important means for companies to efficiently serve their clients, expand new profit growth points and boost their operations in light, and increase their resilience to cycles. Until 2008, the company’s initial profit centre was only five, with the subsequent gradual addition of 16 instruments, such as investment, trusteeship, asset management, wealth management, private banking, personal credit, long-distance banking, and three subsidiaries.
The share of income from large retail and light capital operations has been increasing in profit centres. By the end of September 2022, non-interest income stood at 39.18 per cent, the country’s gold business had a strong edge, fees and commission net revenue had suffered short-term shocks from market shocks, and agency income had shrunk.
2. Wealth management has become the focus of a light capital transformation, with the Fund ' s sales lead business in the city. Wealth management, as an important part of the light banking transition, has been a major driver of sustained growth in intermediate business income, with companies increasingly present in recent years.
In addition, the regional characteristics of Jiang Zhen provide a good ground for the development of wealth management operations, with per capita income in Ningbo and Zhejiang provinces.
It is better than the country, with a large number of small and medium-sized entrepreneurs, a large net mass of people, and a huge market potential, while Ningpo Bank has accumulated a high-quality customer base through retail company operations, and needs need to be released further. The company’s current revenue from wealth management operations is largely sales-oriented, and competitiveness in the city’s comptoirs is prominent.
According to data disclosed by the Fund’s Operating Association, companies hold $89.4 billion in non-monetary fund-raising and $41.9 billion in equity + mixed fund-raising, far more than any other city-based firm.
In addition, the company’s financial subsidiary has an advantage in the area of low-risk and stable returns, based on low- and medium-risk solidified products, which continue to run, open, closed together.
To date, the Bank has signed up for the sale of his 29 bank properties, covering the following banks: the Energetic Bank, Jiangsu Bank, the Bank of Suzhou, the Bank of Handak Bank, the Bank of East China, the Bank of East China, and the Internet.
The banks, the Macao International Bank, the Hong Kong Expatriate Bank, the Bank of Hak-shik, the Beijing Agricultural Business Bank, the Dalian Bank, the Changsha Bank, the Bank of China, the Microbank, the Dalian Farm Bank, the Xijiang Bank, the Zhang Jia Luang Bank, the Sichuan Teng Bank, the Purple Gold Bank, the Transport Bank, the Wai Hai Bank, the Chinese Bank, the South China Commercial Bank, the Hangzhou Bank, the Guangdong Huaxi Bank, the Xiangmen International Bank,
As a result of the development of wealth management, the company’s retail sales aum continued to grow at a faster rate and its high net-value clients increased their contribution. By the end of June 2022, the company’s retail and private sector aum aum stood at 7300 and 1757 billion yuan, an increase of 13.46 per cent and a corresponding increase of 13.46 per cent, respectively.
(iv) Strong financial asset trading capacity, efficient use of funds, long-term robust growth in financial market operating revenues and leading, efficient use of funds by the corporate as a whole
In the first three quarters of 2022, corporate performance in the area of financial assets benefited mainly from effective control over market timing. From the Monetary Fund, the effective tax rate was reduced to less than 10 per cent; the current phase was dominated by the Fund ' s investments, with flexibility in the allocation of fiscal and solidated assets.
Figure 22: Ningpo Bank financial asset allocation structure and real tax rate (v) Wind control system matures, asset quality is achieved, and the quality of Ningpo Bank assets is sufficiently high for the long term to benefit from developed regional economies and mature wind control systems
By the end of September 2022, companies had a negative rate of 0.77%, remaining below 1% and long below the national level and Zhejiang, and were found to be more stringent, with a provision coverage of 520.22% and a strong risk offset. Ningpo Bank gradually removed its bad baggage from 2000 to 2004.
The concept of the heart and the construction of a relatively well-developed wind control system, including unified letters of instruction, vertical approval, an early warning mechanism for 4+n, independent return visits, etc., effectively manage adverse risks. Figure 23: The quality of Ningpo Bank assets (left) compared to Zhejiang (right) across the country
Figure 24: Wind control features of Ningpo Bank • Applicants develop, annually, in accordance with the external operating environment and internal operating needs, a letter-of-assist policy for different industries and types of customers, tailored to national strategic orientation and regional economic characteristics
The policy includes asset quota strategies, quality control targets, concentration targets, and trust delivery policies, client access policies, and a combination of unified letters of credit.
Local conditions establish rules for the implementation of regional letters of credit, highlighting differences between regions and bringing them closer to the local market. Companies implement the system of letters of approval officers and administer vertical controls.
Establish an integrated early warning management system based on the Big Data Early Warning Platform, based on the "4+n" early warning and bulk-based early warning system. "4+n" risk early warning system is centred on four data monitoring: tax, electricity, customs, mail, business, justice, public security, ring.
• “4+n” early warning is confirmed by an independent return team, which is required to verify the client’s willingness to lend and the business elements.
At the same time, the focus is on verifying the existence of transactional transactions with clients, non-compliance with charges, etc., and effectively circumventing staff ethical risks in the course of processing.
(i) pb and pe valuations are historically low and high value for money Valuations are influenced by a range of factors such as changes in management, stock allocation and recurrent outbreaks, the Russian-Ukrainian situation and interest rate reduction, and companies base their calculations on market block data for pb-roe model calculations, taking into account only the profit scenario of the existing Roe at Ningpo Bank
The corresponding valuation is around 1.44 x, and the estimate of the comptoirs in Jiangzi, close to Roe, is between 1.38 and 1.52 x. However, based on the actual valuation of the comptoirs in Jiangbo, Ningpo Bank now has 1.4 x, with a gap between the actual pb and other banks, it is expected to be affected by additional factors such as the mooring of small microbusiness, the polyprofit centre model and the quality of assets, and the provisioning and transfer of funds.
We give companies a certain value premium on the current advantages and future business layout of the Bank of Juningpo, where the reasonable value range between the developed areas of the long-deep triangular economy of the company is remarkable in terms of micro-competitiveness, while focusing on the expansion of retail and light capital operations, the distribution of diversified profit centres, and robust performance and profitability at the top of the industry. At the bottom of the table, the company faces the Jiangzi region.
Strong financing needs and high-quality client groups, strong scale-up power, excellent credit structures, and product-driven savings deposition. At the non-interest level of business, wealth management power, high contribution of marketing operations, the release of benefits from multi-profit centre-building, and the ability to invest in financial assets to remain superior and make a sustained contribution to profit growth.
Management changes have a limited impact on corporate strategy and core competitiveness, and we continue to look ahead to the prospect of maintaining a “recommended” rating in conjunction with current corporate fundamentals and valuation levels. Economic growth is not as fast as expected to lead to a deterioration in asset quality.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.