The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has been growing steadily in overseas operations and increasing profitability The net return profit from the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is $1.60 billion, compared with +5.1 per cent.
• The impact of the downward cycle of domestic engineering machinery, which has led to a decline in weighting machines, earth-based mechanical plates, and a high growth in new operations such as high-level machines and mining machines. A breakdown of products shows that, for 23 years, some of the traditional plate operations were affected by the down-cycle of the domestic engineering industry, with 21.19 billion, or 11.2 per cent, of the heavy-loading plate.
A total of 8,888 million, or +35.6 per cent, of arms, or 9.6 per cent, of operations, or 9.6 per cent, of high-altitude platforms and lifts, or the highest sales volume in the fire-fighting industry, or 5.86 billion, or +14.2 per cent, of mining machinery, or 6.3 per cent of operations, with a 4-fold increase in new energy-mining vehicles, or more than 1.7 per cent of the total, and other engineering machinery and equipment.
In 2023, the company's offshore operations reached $37,222 million, or +33.7 per cent, or 40.1 per cent, and benefited from overseas sales regulations.
In addition, in view of the “old-for-new” policy, the plate renewal cycle is expected to enter the recovery route.
The leading industry in the country, with a full range of products, includes a variety of products, such as cranes, earth machinery, pillar machinery, concrete machinery, surface machinery, high-altitude machinery, mining machinery, sanitation machinery, agricultural machinery, emergency response equipment, etc., leading the production market; in 2023, the company ' s product consisted of automobile cranes, accompanied vehicles, etc.
The 16 main types of aircraft, such as cranes, rollers, etc., are in the forefront of the domestic industry: cranes, mobile cranes, water flat-directed drills continue to be the world ' s number one, and machinery for work and concrete are stable in the world ' s first camp; corporate leaders are well established and corporate performance is expected to grow faster as the domestic industry returns.
Renovation needs in the domestic engineering and machinery industry are expected to hit the bottom.
During the following 10 years, after several relocations and reorganizations, the plant settled in Jiang So-seok County in 1953. The former Xu's predecessor began to develop in tandem with the construction of the new China; in 1953, he began to produce agricultural machinery and was installed in 1957.
In 1958, the size of the company grew to 2,680 people. After decades of growth and development, in the 1980s the company began to introduce and digest the crane technology of Japan and Germany, which prompted Xu to start mass production of hydraulic vehicle cranes. In 1989, Xu began to manufacture heavy machinery plants in Xuzhou, Xuzhou Engineering Mechanics and Xu.
In the mid-1990s, with the support of the Xuzhou City Government, the company undertook a massive restructuring of its enterprises to enhance overall competitiveness: in 1996, the company managed to market its share in the deep-off a: in 2020, the Xu Group transferred Xu to Xu's limited compensation for Xu's work, and Xu's limited mix-up and successful collection of over 21 billion dollars; in 2022, Xu's machine sucked.
The merger of Xu's limited ability to re-establish the market and improve overall competitiveness. Figure 1: Integration of the Group's high-quality resources, the company's development into a leading engineering and machinery industry, and a variety of products. The company's full range of engineering and machinery products, including cranes and soil.
Various products, such as machinery, plant machinery, concrete machinery, surface machinery, high-altitude machinery, mining machinery, sanitation machinery, agricultural machinery, emergency rescue equipment, and leading the company ' s production; in 2023, the company ' s product consisted of 16 main types of aircraft, such as car cranes, vehicle cranes, ballasts, etc., in the country ' s main industry: company cranes, mobile cranes, horizontals
Targeted drilling continues to be the world's first-largest in number, with mechanical engineering, concrete machinery stable at the world's first camp, road machinery, vehicle cranes, tower cranes maintained at the global third, high-altitude platforms moved to the global third, and mine open-pilling equipment maintained the global sixth, domestic second, and global second-largest loader.
In 2022, the company completed the overall listing of engineering and mechanical plates, resulting in the infusion of assets such as excavators, tower cranes, concrete machines, mining machines, etc., and improved business structures. In 2023, a breakdown of the products showed that part of the traditional plate was affected by the down-cycle of the domestic engineering and machinery industry, and the company was able to lift the mechanical plate.
Current revenue of $21.19 billion, corresponding to 11.2 per cent, Māori rose to 22.6 per cent and business to 22.8 per cent, representing corporate corporate dominance; soil-based mechanical plate revenue of $22.560 billion, corresponding to 4.6 per cent, Māori to 25.7 per cent, business to reach high-quality development in new industries, high-altitude machine to $8.88 billion, compared to 35.6 per cent and business to +35.6 per cent.
9.6 per cent: mining machinery generated $5.86 billion, compared to +14.2 per cent, and business accounted for 6.3 per cent; other engineering machinery and spare parts generated $16,654 million, compared to +25.0 per cent, compared to 17.9 per cent. 1.2 New and old operations and overseas operations flourished, and corporate profitability steadily increased.
The former domestic engineering and machinery industry has grown in demand during the up-to-date period, the company ' s overseas business expansion has increased successfully since 2022, and the resilience of corporate industry has been highlighted by the rapid growth of emerging industries such as high-altitude operating machinery, mine machinery, and so on. In 2023, offshore operations outpaced upgrading, improved cost-control capabilities, and improved product structures, and corporate profitability has increased in recent years.
Xu State State Finance Committee (SAC) holds the shares, which stimulates the company's dynamism. Xu State Finance Committee (SAC) holds the shares, etc. Quality development of support companies. Xu is the only public authority under Xu's banner. Xu State Finance Committee holds 18.86% of the company's total stockholdings through Xu Industry Group (SSG) and is the company's first largest shareholder; the SAC holds the shares.
In 2022, the company completed a major transfer of funds, re-absorbed the combined Xu workers, and built a solid foundation for Xu to build a national model for the transformation of the business, and improved corporate governance mechanisms for the future development of Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu
All of the assets of the Xu Engineering Appliance were injected into the company, the company ' s engineering and mechanical sections were put on the market as a whole, the company ' s combined competitive and risk-resistant capabilities were continuously raised, and its profitability and business continuity were expected to increase; in 2023, the company implemented its first equity incentive scheme, which resulted in a deep binding of the company ' s core management and technical staff to stimulate the company ' s operational viability.
Figure 11: Xu's actual holdings are Xuzhou City State Finance Committee 1) cranes: the cranes consist mainly of engineering cranes and construction cranes, which are dominated by car cranes, constructions are dominated by tower cranes, and the cranes are downstream associated with wind power, infrastructure, real estate, etc., compared to other industries
Engineering machinery, crane products and real estate cycles are relatively low. 1) At home: the downside of the real estate industry from 2022 to 2023 was marked by a sharp drop in sales in the crane industry, followed by a steady recovery. 2) Abroad: thanks to the resilience of domestic industry supply chains and the long-term deployment of national product plates in overseas markets, the export of cranes continues to be strong.
The medium-car crane, the multi-grade loader with the vehicle crane, and the tower crane are expected to remain the third largest in the world. The business portfolio as a whole is expected to increase by +6%, +18%, and +18% in 2024-2026. The company’s share of overseas exports is currently rising, with a high Māori rate for overseas products, and a steady increase in Māori for the plate is expected.
2) Land machines: 1) Domestic excavators are highly relevant to the real estate, infrastructure cycle and are still in the bottom-down phase, with the domestic industry expected to recover in 2024; 2) Overseas: Export of excavators in the overseas market is currently on the rise, but overall domestic exports remain at a high level and exports continue to rise.
As an industry leader, the excavator is the sixth, second and second largest in the world, and the loader leaps to the second and first highest in the world: the product is expected to have a high Māori rate and the plate is expected to have a steady increase. 3) Concrete machinery: concrete machinery is dominated by concrete pumps, blenders and transport vehicles ... with real estate and infrastructure.
With the down-turn in real estate, the volume of domestic concrete mechanical sales is now falling sharply, and the total volume of concrete machinery is expected to recover as domestic real estate, infrastructure, and construction progresses to the bottom. The company’s concrete machinery is stable in the world’s first wave, and the business portfolio is projected to be the same as 2024-2026, with the bottom-up cycle of engineering machinery and the rise in overseas income.
We select and the companies are at risk of macro-policy change with three major workers, Willows, and three companies from the Central and Central ICUs in the field of engineering and machinery. The engineering and machinery industry is closely linked to infrastructure and construction investment, and changes in macro-policy and capital-asset investment are likely to have an impact on the demand of the company’s downstream customers and consequently on the sale of its products.
2) The risk of uncertainty in the development of overseas markets. The internationalization of companies has steadily developed, international market developments and economic growth abroad remain uncertain, and increased competition in markets or falling demand in overseas markets may have a negative impact on the size and effectiveness of the company’s sales.
No one has received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, nor for having received any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.