In 2023, the country's engineering and machinery industry continued to adjust.
The company benefits from the internationalization of its layout and the dominant advantage, which is still relatively good. With $24,174 million, an increase of 1.18% over the same year, a net return of $1.6 billion is achieved, and policies continue to benefit well and demand is expected to improve marginally.
Under this heading, central fiscal spending is expected to increase in 2024, while capital investment is expected to sustain growth in 2024, with a further build-up in the form of a trillion-dollar special national debt. Real estate, with a number of recent property policies, including a “package box” of house-incidents, is expected to continue to grow in 2024.
On May 09, 2024, mortgages, lower interest rates on stock mortgages, lower down-payment rates, etc., property easing has reached its peak.
The outlook abroad is still strong, with high growth expected. We've been able to maintain a positive trend in engineering and machinery out of the sea for two main reasons: the boom in real estate and capital investment in Europe and the United States, which has combined the price of global resources during the recovery period, thanks to the easing of monetary policy following the outbreak.
In 2023, companies earned $37.22 billion abroad, an increase of 33.7 per cent.
Profit projection and investment rating: assuming robust growth of conventional machinery such as company soil side, crane etc., \triangleright \triangleright
One of the oldest engineering machines, one of the biggest players in the economy, China's backbone, Xu's predecessor, the Hua Heung Iron Plant, was born in 1943, the country's first car crane and its first one.
From 1999 to 2008, Xu's reform of the system “Use of Work, Personnel, Wages” was intensified, and a series of reforms, such as the promotion of debt swaps, the validation of major industries, and the optimization of structures, were the first to become part of the country.
From 2009 to 2021, Xu was active in expanding the overseas layout and successfully completing the mix. In 2022, the company succeeded in acquiring Xu in a limited way, bringing to the market the entire Xu Group's engineering and mechanical block. After many years of development, the company grew into a Chinese engineering and mechanical industry code.
In 2023, khl published a list of top 50 manufacturers of engineering machinery worldwide in 2022, and Xu was the third most competitive and influential company in the world with $13.407 billion in sales.
In 1957, the first tower crane was successfully tested and Xu became involved in the engineering and machinery industry.
In 1960, Xu was successful in developing China's first 10-ton steam-pressurizer. In 1963, Xu was successful in developing China's first 5-ton vehicle crane. In 1976, Xu was successful in developing China's first qy 16-ton fully hydraulic vehicle crane.
In 1982, Xu was successful in developing China's first ca25 full hydraulic single-cylinder vibrator. In 1989, Xu was formally formed as the first industrial consortium. In 1989, Xu was successful in developing the country's first high-grade asphalt stand.
• In 1995, Xu was successful in developing Asia's largest 160 tons of all-ground cranes.
• In 1999, Xu's new leadership team began its mandate by focusing on “seven special governance” and improving luxury management, launching a new chapter on Xu's development. • In 2000, Xu's reform of the system of “work, personnel, wages” was intensified, and a series of reform initiatives, such as the conversion of debt stocks, the repatriation of principals, and the optimization of structures, were vigorously pursued. • In 2002, Xu's success in developing China's first Qay25 all-ground crane with autonomous intellectual property rights.
• In 2003, Xu was the first group to become the first to earn more than 10 billion dollars in the Chinese engineering and machinery industry and to sell more than 100 million dollars in sales. In 1999-2008, Xu was the cornerstone of the construction of the engineering and machinery base in Chongqing, and Xu took an important step towards the strategic layout of the country and beyond.
• In 2011, Xu was the top five in the world ' s engineering and machinery industry. In 2012, Xu was ranked first in the world ' s mobile crane industry. Xu was the first player in the industry to break 100 billion dollars.
• In 2020, Xu's limited mix was completed. • In 2022, the reverse acquisition of Xu was limited and Xu's engineering and mechanical plates were brought to the market as a whole. • In 2022, khl2022, the top 50 engineering and machinery manufacturers listed Xu's sales at $13.407 billion.
The company’s products include cranes (car cranes, track cranes, vehicle cranes and tower cranes in four major categories), earth machinery (swipe and excavator machinery), borehole machines, road machinery (pressure machinery, road machinery),
High-altitude operating machines (high-altitude operating platforms, fire-fighting machines) and specialized vehicles, sanitary and environmental machines, among which, car cranes, vehicle cranes, ballasts, high-altitude operating machines, loading machines, etc.
The 15-type mainframe is the first in the country: cranes, mobile cranes, horizontal-directional drills, number one: tower cranes, number two; road machines, vehicle cranes, number three; plant machinery, concrete machinery, secure at the first global camp, diggers to the fourth global, high-altitude platform, mines
Open-air excavation equipment is the fifth largest in the world, and companies continue to expand their range of products, adapt to the demand for a whole range of products from large-scale engineering to new and emerging industries.
In 2016-2021, the country recovered from the cycle of engineering and machinery, and the company ' s performance grew rapidly.
In 2022, the industry was affected by such factors as the price of raw materials, the cyclical adjustment, temporary pressure on company performance and the realization of business income of 93,817 million yuan a year, a year-on-year decline. In 2023, the domestic engineering and machinery industry continued to adjust, and companies benefited from the internationalization of the layout and flagships.
Read the text carefully and the exoneration clause is still relatively good. In 2023, the company achieved business income of $92,848 million, and by 2023, the company had become the world's largest engineering machine, with a combination of competitiveness in the forefront.
In 2023, the share declined and was the second largest operating block of the company, with a global and domestic ranking. (2) Land-based machinery: mainly shoveling machines (loaders) and excavating machines (in 2022, earth-based machines accounted for 24.30 per cent of the total, exceeding the crane to become the company ' s first operating block, with loaders among them.
Exports outpaced 30%, leading the domestic industry, with excavators in the fourth place worldwide. Corporate concrete machinery remained stable in the world’s first bloc, with companies actively promoting global market synergies, technological synergies, and energy-generation synergies in 2023, with new energy blending vehicles selling out more than a thousand.
(4) Craft machinery: in 2023, revenue was 3,459 million yuan, a decrease of 55.48 per cent, or 3.73 per cent, compared with the previous year. The machinery was firmly established in the first global camp, with products such as dredging rigs and horizontal-direction rigs, which decreased by 5.37 per cent, or 4.11 per cent, and remained in the forefront of the industry.
(6) High-altitude operating machinery: including high-altitude operating platforms and fire-fighting machinery, which was collected in 2023, and the company high-altitude operating machinery, which is number one in China and third in the world. Please read the text carefully and make it exempt from liability clauses.
(Note: After the company absorbed the limited number of integrated Xu workers in 2022, new engineering and mechanical operations, such as excavating machines, concrete machinery, mining machinery, tower cranes, etc., were added, major battalion operations were reclassified, tower cranes were merged into cranes, shoveling machines and excavators were combined into earth machinery, and crushing machines and road machinery were combined into road machinery.
There has been an increase in the Maori rate of all product lines, with cranes, earth machines, concrete machines, engineering machines, and net profit scales stepping up to the top of the industry. Please read the text carefully and avoid the liability clause.
Internal demand 2: At the bottom of the cycle, a projected recovery of 2.1 view levels associated with the high performance rate can be found in the direction and performance of engineering and mechanical panels through a review of historical performance and performance.
Growth is associated, especially with the higher rate of net profit growth attributable to parent companies. In the long run, the momentum of block movement depends on the growth of industry performance, which, by judging changes in industry performance, can be better matched by the strength and weakness of tracer beta.
The performance of the engineering and machinery industry has been affected by macroeconomic fluctuations. In 2009, our “4 trillion” investment plan greatly boosted our investment in fixed assets and led to the development of the engineering and machinery industry.
In 2017, as the country's “one-way” initiative progressed, China became increasingly involved in economic cooperation with countries along the border, where investment in infrastructure development was growing rapidly, and the engineering and machinery industry needed to read the text carefully and have no liability clause.
At the same time, real estate investment in our second- and third-line cities is still accelerating, further boosting the demand for engineering machinery and the industry’s climate. In 2019, the engineering and machinery industry continued to grow well, but at a significant slower rate.
Controls and the rapid release of compensatory demand in the downstream infrastructure and real estate industries, significant growth in the volume of engineering and machinery products, gradual improvements in the overall competitiveness of national product plates, and the replacement of import brands should become more visible; macroeconomic growth slowed in the second half of 2021, with no effective start in construction
This has led to a significant reduction in domestic demand for engineering and machinery and to a restructuring of the industry. In 2022, with the impact of high base levels and domestic demand recovery, the volume of major products sold has increased at a negative rate.
In this context, the overall volume of sales in the industry has declined, and the engineering and machinery industry is at the bottom of the cycle. The engineering machinery consists of twenty-one broad categories, including excavators, loaders, cranes, crushers.
The sales of cranes and excavators show that domestic sales of engineering machinery are still at the bottom. In 2023, we sold 24077 cranes, a decrease of 7.19 per cent compared to 2022, a decrease of 40.68 pct.
The acceleration curve shows a steady bottom-up trend in cranes. In 2023, the volume of excavator sales in the country was boosted by manufacturing investment, which increased by 3% over the year. Specifically, investment in infrastructure, as one of the main drivers of downstream engineering machinery, has been increasing in recent years.
Thanks to the accelerated use of policy development financial instruments and local debt, the year-round investment in infrastructure (excluding electricity) increased by 9.4 per cent compared to the year-on-year increase of 9 pct; the year 2023, accompanied by a sustained drive for steady growth, saw the year-on-year completion of national investment in infrastructure (excluding electricity) equal to the year-on-year increase in investment in infrastructure (excluding electricity)
In the context of a steady growth policy, central fiscal spending is expected to increase in 2024, while capital investment is expected to sustain growth in 2024, with a further increase in the amount of TT$ trillion in foreign debt. The policy continues to be favourable, and demand for real estate is expected to improve marginally.
In response to the continuing decline in sales-to-stock pressure, with sales of merchandise houses amounting to $12.96 trillion, a decline of 28.73 per cent compared to the previous year, the State has put in place a series of intensive property regulation policies, including mortgage recognition, lower interest rates on stock mortgages, lower downturn rates, and continuous optimization in 2023.
In the long run, the real estate sector is still at the bottom of the repair process and, as policy guidance moves forward, market confidence is expected to recover and real estate construction is expected to improve, leading to domestic workers.
Please read carefully the exoneration clause 2.3 is much more needed to update the new standards to facilitate the exit of old equipment.
After many years of development, the engineering and machinery industry has a large stock market, and there is a greater need for upgrading in a context of increasingly stringent environmental requirements. In the case of excavators, for example, the renovation cycle is about 6-10 years, and the demand forecast for upgrading the stock equipment is that we will be implementing national standards 2 as of October 1, 2009.
Until then, a standard stock excavator in the country where it is used is not taken into account. Assumption: sixth, the excavator sold, in addition to the excavator, other products such as car cranes, loaders, rollers and concrete pumpers have a life cycle of around 10 years and their entry sequence lags behind the excavator, so the need for their renewal is also expressed.
Later than the excavator, we believe that in 2024, after the excavation of machinery, non-digging engineering machinery is also expected to continue to strengthen the state's regulation of non-road mobile machinery in recent years, and that the “145” development goals of the engineering and machinery industry have made explicit demands on new network rates, adding up to the recent upgrading of environmental policies.
Environmental regulations for non-road mobile machines are officially entering the “high pressure” period. Since 1 December 2022, non-road machines have been fully implemented. Multi-provincial municipalities have issued emission standard diesel fuel machine scrapping and upgrading programmes for countries 1 and below, and combined measures such as restrictions on use and financial compensation have been stepped up.
High-emission equipment phase-out. The above-mentioned upgrading of environmental policies will help guide the upgrading of industrial equipment, facilitate the upgrading of older equipment, and bring about the export of new equipment to industry and companies.3 The outlook abroad is still strong, with high prospects for growth.
3.1 In recent years, we have maintained a positive trend in the export of engineering machinery to the sea: 109,453 in 2022, an increase of 59.96 per cent in the same year; 105,038 in 2023, a decrease of 4.03 per cent in the same year, mainly because of the high base in 2022.
Car cranes account for a large proportion. In 2022, 5504 vehicles were exported, 73 per cent more than in the same year; in 2023, 7438 vehicles were exported, 35.1 per cent more than in the same year. Overall, our engineering machinery has maintained a positive trend.
First, thanks to the easing of monetary policy following the outbreak, real estate and capital investment booms in European and American countries, combined with a sharp increase in global resource prices during the recovery period, led to a rise in demand for mining in Africa and South America, leading to a sharp increase in demand in international markets; and second, represented by Xu Kuan and Trinity.
Domestic firms are actively working on overseas channels, and brand recognition continues to rise. The high profile of overseas markets, the United States and the Middle East are of interest.
Asian market share declined from 50.2 per cent to 44.8 per cent, a decrease of 5.4 percentage points, two or two consecutive countries: the United States (26.8 per cent), Japan (20.9 per cent), China (18.2 per cent) and three countries (18.2 per cent) with global engineering machinery in 2022.
The market share has already reached 65.9 per cent, with China and Japan showing a decline of 6.8 per cent in the same share, respectively, from data on the start-up of excavators in various regions: the number of hours worked in emerging markets, as represented by Indonesia, dropped significantly during the spring festival; and the number of hours worked in Europe and North America was between 60 and 70 hours.
4 In terms of the increase in sales by Kallebitt and Pine Group: North America, the Middle East, and Africa have a much higher profile. We believe that the main factors are related to two factors: first, the Russian-Turkish conflict and the instability in the Middle East region, which has had a significant impact on the global energy market.
To be productive, war and geopolitical problems cause supply chains to be disrupted, oil supplies to be reduced, and oil prices to rise. Locals are actively looking for alternative sources of supply to sustain production and operations. Regions such as Africa and South America, with rich mineral resources (including oil, metals and rare earth elements) are exploiting demand.
The second is that the United States has worked in recent years to upgrade and strengthen its infrastructure, and the Infrastructure Investment and Employment Act, signed by the Biden government on 15 November 2021, involves a total of $1.2 trillion.
This bill is the largest infrastructure investment in the United States in decades. The implementation of the capital bill has greatly boosted the United States economy, particularly engineering machinery and metals associated with traditional infrastructure.
In summary: We believe that the high capital spending process for post-disaster reconstruction in the Middle East is expected to continue, that the demand for replacement of Russian Russian inventory equipment is still huge, that the capital bill has driven back manufacturing in the United States market, that the momentum is still strong, and that the South-East Asian market is gradually warming up after economic restructuring, in this context.
The overseas market for engineering machinery is expected to remain resilient. 3.3 countries’ product brand advantages are evident, with the top echelons on the international market with a high concentration of 62.4% of the global engineering and machinery market, and a high concentration of 62.4% of the cr.
The khl statistics show that in 2022, Caterpillar in the United States spent $37.538 billion in high housing, and read carefully the exemption clause, which is Japanese Matsuma, with sales revenue of $24.648 billion and market share of 10.7 per cent, published from the list.
Ten companies in China, Xu, Trinity, UCK, Liu, China Long, Shantao, Tetsu, Shanji, Shanji, Tianqian, Tianqian Dingli, and Fukuda Rewo, were ranked second in the top 50 rankings.
Our engineering machinery has made great strides in recent years, and our international position has continued to rise. Since 2021, Xu has been the world’s top three in two consecutive years; and the world’s top five has remained the top five.
In terms of share, however, domestic branding is relatively low in the global market, and future export operations are still well under way.4 New assets are being optimized, new Xu Xu is starting again with 4.1 and Xu is on the market with limited access to the entire industry to build a fully fledged engine.
The company became a well-deserved industrial leader of the engineering and machinery plate, with the company completing the merger in August 2022, and after the transaction was completed, Xu Xu’s shareholders were limited.
All the relevant assets were placed in the listed company, and Xu's engineering and mechanical assets were put on the market as a whole. Xu's controlling shareholders were changed from Xu's limited to Xu's, and no one actually controlled it. Xu's limited ownership of Xu's mechanical and mechanical holdings held 38.11% of the company's shares before the transaction.
There is a high degree of convergence between the two operations. By branch, the former cranes, excavators, concrete machines were the first three business blocks of Xu's limited size, with a 30% income ratio in 2019-2021. Figure 26: Xu's limited share of operational income (billions)
Figure 27: Revenue from Xu's limited sub-region (millions of yuan) Xu's limited strength in the direction of cranes, high machines, concrete machinery etc. The inclusion of these assets will be highly complementary to the original operation of Xu's machinery, optimized and improved operation of Xu's machinery
Until this deal is completed, Xu is Xu's limited core asset and subject of business. We have classified Xu's annual production and production of a limited number of different products in 2020 and compared it to the production of various products of Xu's machine in the same period.
The large-scale production capacity, such as tower cranes, vehicle cranes, high-altitude operating machines, concrete machines, etc., is still out of the market. Of these, tower cranes, high-altitude operating machines, concrete machines are the core brand of Xu, not only large-scale, but also 2019-2021.
Production has been growing at a high rate, and product power has been highly recognized in the market. At the same time, it can be observed that with the exception of a few products, such as car cranes, rollers, etc., the capacity of core operations exceeds 100 per cent, with the capacity of excavators, squids, and concrete machines at close to 150 per cent.
More than 220%. The infusion and overall listing of these assets will form a full-product matrix of Xu's machinery, which will further enhance the company's overall competitiveness.
New Xu Xu's new business has been opened up, and the company's elasticity has gradually been released. When it is achieved, the company, while maintaining the strength of its traditional niches, such as lifting machines, is pushing for the rapid release of new and emerging ones, such as high machines, miners, concrete machines, agricultural machines, and so on, opening up new growth space.
In 2023, the company ' s repositioned strategic and emerging industries increased their revenues by nearly 30 per cent, and contributed more to the platform and promotion of the fire truck industry. 2 Mine machinery: significant growth in revenue, with 4 times the increase in the number of new-source mining vehicles and 1.7 percentage points in the share of sales in the mine. 3 forklifts: income growth.
Nearly 30 per cent, building powered product advantages on a continuous basis, is a typical example of a company’s greening industry. 4 agricultural machines: starting power, gradually flowering results, tractors, harvesters, bulk deliveries, revenue growth 10 times higher. During the reporting period, corporate revenues from new energy products doubled, with revenue rising by 5 percentage points.
The main industry is strongly supported by the simultaneous upgrading of the quality and quantity of spare parts. Most of the key parts of engineering machinery, such as hydraulic components, motors, engines, etc., are imported, while the import cost of key zero components in the mainframe of engineering machinery is more than 40% of the cost of manufacturing, and nearly 70% of the industry ' s profits are accounted for by imported spare parts.
According to the company, in order to reduce the dependence on imports of core parts and components, the company has accelerated the promotion of several component autonomy and technology improvement projects, and has now achieved the autonomous control of parts and components, such as hydraulics, transmissions, castings, four wheels, electric machines and related technologies, while increasing the differentiation of mainframe products to complement the overall income.
4.2 The advantages of overseas configurations, with a rapidly rising export share, have led, after more than 20 years of exploratory practice, to an internationalized development model of export trade, overseas greenfield construction, cross-country M & As and global R & D. More than 300 of them are overseas.
Brokers, 40 offices, more than 150 service spare parts centres, marketing networks covering more than 190 countries and territories worldwide, Brazil, India, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, the United States, Germany, please read the text carefully and have no liability clause.
In the Asia-Pacific region, Central Asia region, Africa region, West Asia and North Africa region, Europe region, Oceania region has well-structured marketing networks involving a total of 64 countries, with 180 level-I operations in key countries, such as Malaysia and Thailand
Vendors, 24 offices, 100 service spare parts centres. National deployments along the “one-way” route continued to strengthen the support of the offshore financial system, with Thailand and the United States financing leasing platform completed that year; overseas affiliates such as South Africa, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Viet Nam planned; and South Africa advanced.
North American integration. In a number of contexts, the ratio of overseas receipts rose to over 40%, and the same rate increased by 10.41 pct. In 2023, the company's overseas system was operating in a new configuration that built the "1+14+n" system.
The international regulatory framework, with export earnings at an all-time high, has been growing at a high rate in most regions.
The company announced in February 2023 that it would limit its shares. The goal of the performance appraisal of the equity incentive granted to the stock is:
Domestic: End of construction in 2023 in the engineering and machinery industry, close to 2024 in real estate and capital policy, and boost the cycle of renewal of non-digger engineering machinery, which is expected to warm back. Export: The external landscape remains structural, and companies are well-placed abroad, especially in “I.”
Read the text carefully and avoid the risk of economic volatility in 6.1. The engineering and machinery industry is closely linked to the macroeconomic cycle, if macro.
A weak or volatile economy may be detrimental to the development of the industry. 6.2 Market competition risks. The engineering and machinery industry is more competitive, and it is possible that a company will not be able to maintain its core competitiveness on superior products and adjust its industrial layout in a timely manner.
6.3 The price risk of raw materials. There is a time difference between the price of a company’s products and the purchase of raw materials, when the cost of raw materials increases substantially and the company fails to lower the cost of the increases in time.
International trade policy is becoming more risky. International trade policy is becoming more intense, particularly in North America and Australia, and there is some uncertainty about overseas market expansion in the engineering and machinery industry.
6.5 Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The foreign exchange exposure of the company is mainly related to the United States dollar, the Brazilian Reais, the pound sterling, the euro, etc., and changes in the overseas market exchange rate will have an impact on the company ' s performance as the size of the company ' s foreign operations continues to grow.
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause attached to this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I do not receive any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.