Health-care equipment and services The profitability of health-care facilities and services The growth of internal growth is robust The overall performance growth of companies in the first half of the year is consistent with our earlier expectations.
Maintain the upward trend in volume prices during the first half of the year, seeing light rise to the third largest business.
On the one hand, the company achieved total equity/flow (million shares) on the basis of a high base for the same period of the previous year.
Building a Healthy Eye Circle -- 2019/05/08 El ophthalmology (300015) " Consumption and Technology Upgrade Driving "
Q3 Continues High Growth, Partnership Plan Wins Together - 2018/10/10
A slight slowdown in the growth rate of company outpatients and surgeries, as well as in the rate of income growth for cataracts, mainly affected by: 1) the upgrading of cataracts affecting the consumption conversion of high end crystals and the use of new technologies; 2) some parts of the health-care coverage affecting cataract screening activities and screening of older patients
However, these are only gradual factors, with csr having less than 25% of the country’s developed countries in Europe and the United States, so that as the population’s demand for visual quality and high-end income rises, it is a long-term trend.
At the same time, the company’s success will gradually be evident in raising the ratio of high-end surgery by continuously promoting good slogans and high-quality techniques. The rapid growth of kurning and visualization has largely overcome the short-term effects of cataracts.
The annual growth of 21.44 per cent in draught surgery is mainly due to the steady increase in the number of surgeries, while the proportion of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, has increased further, resulting in a trend of rising prices; the increase in visual services, by 30.98 per cent, is mainly the result of the continuous upgrading of visual technology and products and the country's close-view defence.
In the first half of the year, the company acquired Jinjing El, Nanjing El Cooper, Huan, the mother's net profit of 1710,000. Only one hospital was bought last year, contributing 1.39 million dollars.
Mother-to-child net profit - 740,000. So the first half of the year saw $4,614 million in earnings, mother-to-child net profit.
The growth of mature hospitals has been steady and rapid in the first six months of the company's mature hospital: 192 million (+16.4 per cent) and the net profit of 70 million (+16.7 per cent) have been achieved; and the income of Wuhanele has been 2.64 (+16.7 per cent) has been achieved.
At Chongqing, Shenzhen, etc., the average income of hospitals has increased by 22%, net profit by 29%, net profit by 100% (+73%) and net interest rate by 33%, and at 70 million (+30%), net profit, network layouts have been improved, and ophthalmological services have been laid down at multiple levels.
It's set to be a long-term hospital with high growth, and the company's performance is expected to stabilize at around 30%.
South China Sales, Zhang Wen Ting Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.