The biannual report of the Medical Health Research Centre (MHSC) predicts a sustained high growth in performance, and the company issued a 2019 semi-annual performance forecast with a sustained high growth in performance.
The company performed well in the second quarter of 2019, with sustained high growth. According to company forecasts, the company alone is expected to realize a net return profit of $363-414 million, a 24-42 per cent increase over the previous quarter.
1. " Sustained high performance, eye progress towards gold " . In 2019, the company continued to upgrade its core business of dredging, visualization, cataracts, etc., and its combined strength continued to grow.
2. " Performance meets expectations, high growth continues - love is strong, the number of consultations is increasing, and endogenous growth is maintaining a good dynamic.
3. The three-quarters performance continues to grow at a high rate of internal growth, and the focus for the next three years is on: 1) Internationalization strategies combined with brand influence.
(b) Growth pathways are fully validated, and M&A funds are the “speed booster” for the performance of listed companies; (c) chain models are replicated and multilevel network layouts are constructed; (d) Good incentives 4. New and Old Hospitals are developed into virtuous cycles, with built-in growth.
It is a cornerstone of corporate development, and multi-talent reserves are fundamental to the company’s growth. In terms of opportunities for industrial development, social policy continues to be favourable, and ophthalmology is in the midst of a new round of gold development: more recently, 18 departments, such as the National Development Reform Commission, have jointly issued a paper entitled “Strengthening the Advancement of the Social Sector.”
Action programme for the creation of a strong domestic market through the quality of the short-chains and the weak points of the co-services. The document identifies 12 service lines that support social forces, including ophthalmology. The document highlights the need to promote the implementation of cross-sectoral guidelines for the comprehensive and integrated processing of social care institutions in all parts of the country, with a view to streamlining them.
Optimizing the approval process is expected to increase the efficiency of ophthalmology’s expansion and replication. We keep looking at El ophthalmology’s off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company, which will continue to build ecological platforms around ophthalmology and serve national ophthalmological health management.
Lee Jin-Rae, share price maintains a “buy-in” rating of 54 times p/e, 40 times and 30 times the value, respectively.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment