We're going to offer an offer to buy isec and open up the South-East Asian layout.
The company is going to buy a new dollar through its fully-owned subsidiary, El-Eyeco International (Singapore) Ltd. The seven shareholders of the Isec, who hold 58.78% of the company’s shares, are going to give them a total of 35% of their shares to Elt, Singapore.
Public offer purchases are launched on the open market at a price of $NZ 0.36 per share. The purpose of this acquisition is not to withdraw from the market.
With this acquisition, Singapore has a minimum shareholding rate of 35%. If the stockholders of the open market accept all offers, Singapore has a maximum shareholding rate of 78.22%, with a total purchase value of about NZ$ 150 million at the proposed price of $NZ 0.36 per share.
(i) The proposed acquisition was made by the well-known South-East Asian ophthalmology chain medical institution, Isec, established in 2014 as the leading South-East Asian ophthalmological chain medical service, the Singapore Kelly Board listing company (stock code: 40t), operating 11 of them
The ophthalmology and general medicine clinics, located in Singapore (6), Malaysia (4) and Myanmar (1), are equipped with state-of-the-art technology and facilities to provide comprehensive professional medical care.
The team is composed of 24 ophthalmologists and 6 general practitioners and covers cataracts and draught surgery (including lasik, etc.), glass retinal diseases, corneas, glaucoma, Portuguese membrane, eye orthopaedics and general clinics.
Dr. Leehungming, founder of the isec, is a well-known expert in lasik and cataract surgery and was awarded a.c.e. by the Asia-Pacific Commission on Cataracts and Leather Light. Dr. Isec, co-founder of Wongjunshyan, is a well-known retinal expert in glass.
The Malaysian Medical Council Vice-President of the Eye Science Society. In recognition of his dedication to blinding work, the Asia Pacific Eye Science Society awarded him the Award for Excellence in 2017.
In 2018, Isec achieved income of $NZ 4.0444 million, an increase of 9.38 per cent over the same period; and in the annual El ophthalmology report (300015) and a quarterly report rating: high performance net profit of $NZ 8.67 million, an increase of 10.04 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2019, Isec achieved a gain of $NZ 8.07 million.
Three quarters of El ophthalmology (300015) reports an increase in endogenous performance of $NZ 2.0429 million, a profit of $NZ 3.3115 million and a net asset of $NZ 61.33 million.
The sub-acquisition programme valued about 22 times the net profit in 2018 against the target. El ophthalmology (300015) reported a steady increase in the volume and quality of performance.
Figure 1: Income and profits (ii) opened up the South-East Asian market for the last three years, and internationalized the next city. South-East Asia is the most densely populated region in the world, with a total population of more than 650 million, with huge market demand.
Building a bridgehead for the South-East Asian market will further the global integration of clinical, scientific and human resources, and will contribute significantly to the global strategy of a global eye health biosphere; and will continue to expand by deepening the “sharing of global ophthalmological wisdom”, bringing in the resources of a high-quality medical team with the international leading eye medical experience, such as in Singapore, and improving the corporate platform's shared and complementary health care system.
The acquisition of the South-East Asian Head Eye Health Group, isec, and its rapid entry into the region’s most developed markets, such as Singapore and Malaysia, is an important feature of the corporate internationalization strategy, setting out a global development network that covers Europe, North America, South-East Asia, and China, and further enhancing corporate leadership in the global field of ophthalmology. First, the isec is well known in the South-East Asian region.
The reputation and reputation of a doctor's team is well-stocked, with a rich level of operation, covering the general field of ophthalmology. Secondly, the isec has a very rich transnational management team and efficient operating experience, which will further strengthen the international medical management system of companies, and enhance their combined international strength and competitive advantage. In addition, isec is a publicly listed company with regulatory, financial transparency.
Economically, there are good prospects for growth, and corporate profitability will be further enhanced through organic integration of the isec. (iii) Companies are experienced in overseas integration and are expected to generate rapid growth of the isec. The isec is expected to grow rapidly when acquired, drawing on the company’s previous experience in overseas integration.
The acquisition of Europe’s largest chain eye tap, clínicabaviera.s.a. Clínicabaviera, had a fast-growing period of performance after the acquisition, reflecting an injection of kinetic energy and matching resources after the acquisition, led to a significant increase in the motivation for the development of European hospitals.
Clínicabaviera Quarterly Income Changes (Euros) Figure 3: Clínicabaviera Quarterly Net Profit Changes (Euros)
We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The risks of unapproved acquisition programmes, the risks of less-than-expected integration, the risk of exchange rate movements, etc.