El ophthalmology (300015): Acquisition of international lead ophthalmology group, improvement of global ophthalmology
The company is the world's largest ophthalmological chain of medical facilities, mainly in various types of ophthalmology consultations, surgical services and medical spectroscopes.
A million dollars to buy the Singapore listed company, ichealthcareld.("isec," stock code: development model and its accompanying business management system, highly appropriate.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Building a healthy global eye and an internationalized development model for the whole industry chain.
The leading science-based industry, with an internationalized research and development, diagnostic and cooperative platform, has developed production ecology from an international perspective, led international high-end ophthalmology cooperation, accelerated clinical transformation of new projects, developed a globalized ophthalmological biosphere based on domestic platforms and international markets, expanding the space for companies to develop.
The job isec covers the South-East Asia region, and the expert-level founder is well known. Isec is the leading South-East Asia chain eye medical institution, listed on Singapore ' s Kelly Board in 2014 and now owns it.
A total of 11 ophthalmology and general medicine clinics, including Singapore (6), Malaysia (4) and Myanmar (1), provide specialist ophthalmology services in South-East Asia covering low-end and different levels of upper secondary education.
A.c.e Award from the Asia Pacific Commission on Cataracts and Leather Light; founder Dr. Wongjunshyan, a well-known glass retina expert, served as Vice-Chair of the Malaysian Medical Council Eye Science Society.
From 2014 to 2018, corporate operating income increased from $102 million to $192 million.
In 2017, El ophthalmology began to internationalize by acquiring the US Mingwang Eye Centre, Europe’s largest chain eye medical machine, Bavarian; and in 2019, Shen Yang Yill’s Outstanding Eye Hospital opened, offering high-end eye medical clothing for the Northeast Asian region.
Today, the location of the South-East Asian region has been further strengthened by the acquisition of the isec. To date, Elmephthalco has built over 70 per cent of the country’s health-care population, over 300 specialized ophthalmological hospitals with annual outpatient visits of over 6.5 million, and about 90 ophthalmological hospitals in the United States, Europe, South-East Asia, and Hong Kong, China.
Figure 3: The global profile of El ophthalmology, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, net profits of 1,362 million yuan, 1,822 million yuan and 2,446 million yuan, respectively; ps. 0.44, 0.59 and 0.79, respectively, of 74.7 x,
With the firm’s deep ophthalmological conglomerate, the development model of the corporate internationalization whole-industry chain will be gradually refined, with steady growth in future performance expected, rising city occupancy rates and rising corporate valuation ceilings, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
El ophthalmology (300015): Acquisition of the International Lead Eye Group, Refinement of the Global Eye Circle
East Hing Securities Company reports that El ophthalmology (300015): Acquisition of the International Lead Eye Group, perfecting the global eye biosphere.
A nine-year experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, which has been a core member of the new wealth team.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.