El ophthalmology.
The company is the world's largest ophthalmological chain of medical institutions, and in 2019, the company reported operating revenues of $4,749 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the previous year;
The study of the optical mirror, the company's unique “staff chain” realized a net profit of 695 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 36.53 per cent over the same period, net profit after deduction The development model and its accompanying operating management system are highly appropriate
In response to China’s national situation and market environment, there is a growing trend of under-age and deep-seated eye-to-eye disease among the hundreds of millions of people.
In view of the policy of prevention and control, the population’s ophthalmological health-care awareness has been strengthened and the population’s consumption of ophthalmology has increased. The Department’s semi-annual report shows that the number of outpatient clinics in hospitals has reached 31,643,000, an increase of 15.31 per cent, and the number of surgeries, 29.96 million, an increase of 7.02 per cent, especially in high-end surgery such as flying seconds and icl in tangential surgery.
The percentage has increased steadily, and the business sector has shown a trend of rising prices. The services industry has been able to increase the professional and holistic nature of its services by upgrading its skills and products, thereby increasing its sales income by $838 million, or 30.98 per cent.
At the end of 2018, the number of private hospitals exceeded 20,000, accounting for more than 60% of the total number of hospitals.
In the reporting period, the company carried out five mergers and acquisitions involving $393 million to speed up the expansion of the health network from flat to stereo. In this case, the company completed the acquisitions or the new ones.
There are 13 hospitals, 9 clinics, regional hierarchies, and a wide network of health-care networks to achieve the scale of the company’s operations. Companies dig deep into the dividends of growth in the area of disaggregation, setting up children’s ophthalmological and congenital genetic diseases, and gradually develop special children’s ophthalmological specializations.
The company has gradually developed high-end medical services based on increasing customer stickyness, and the Shenyang Yill Hospital of Excellence is now operational, creating a nationwide brand of high-end medical services that radiate Northeast Asia.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that El ophthalmology (3000015): accelerates the deployment of a stereomedical network, strengthens the basis for growth in performance. The graded medical policy drives down ophthalmological resources, and the county eye market becomes a performance growth point. The company actively connects the various levels of hospitals and forms a regional unit.
The development model has been developed to achieve a comprehensive system of enabling hospitals through full penetration into provincial hospitals, active promotion of territorial hospitals, and the creation of branded visual clinics. According to the graded medical policy, which requires “no major disease in the districts”, the population at the district level is over 50 per cent of the population. According to statistics, the number of emergency eye care cases is 542,000 per million. The penetration rate is far lower than the 887 million per million in the other provinces. The company has set up the country's largest diagnostic platform for critical end-of-the-eye diseases, covering the country's 30 provinces and municipalities.
The company, as the leader of the ophthalmology industry, has a platform for international research and development, diagnostics, and cooperation, through a horizontal extension of the industrial chain, bringing together 5g leading companies to actively collaborate in the fields of cloud computing, big data, digitalization and the digitalization of health networks.
In addition, the company shapes its industrial ecology from an international perspective, leads international high-end eye cooperation, and accelerates the clinical transformation of new projects to create an intelligent ophthalmological biosphere based on domestic platforms, with international markets as an external front. With the firm’s deep profile in the “ophthalmology conglomerate,” the development model of the whole chain of the company will be gradually improved, with robust growth in future performance expected, with a market share.
The value of the ceiling will continue to rise, and the company will maintain its “recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that El ophthalmology (3000015) accelerates the deployment of the Stereo-based medical network, strengthens the basis for performance growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
A nine-year experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, which has been a core member of the new wealth team.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Elephthalm (300015): Speed up the deployment of the Stereo-based medical network and strengthen the basis for performance growth without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.