Internal growth is strong and the number of surgeries rises.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2019. The company ' s operating income of 19h1 amounted to $4,749 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period. The net profit of the parent company was 695 million yuan, an increase of 36.53 per cent over the same year, and the net profit of the non-belonging was 695 million yuan, an increase of 31.93 per cent over the previous 19 years.
Of this amount, operating income of $2,504 million was realized in the second quarter, an increase of 23.18 per cent over the same period. Information was provided for the preparation of the present report. (i) Business growth was robust, with high-end technical increases in passenger unit prices
During the reporting period, as demand for the ophthalmology market continued to grow, the size of the company's operations and brands grew, and the power of the hierarchical chain improved, the advantages of the scale effect emerged, the company's overall operating income and net profits continued to grow steadily and its main operations remained robust.
In the first half of 2019, the number of company outpatients increased by 31,643,000, or 15.31 per cent in the same year; the number of surgeries rose by 7.02 per cent in the same year, or by 20.54 per cent in the same year, when the number of cataracts was removed from the health insurance and screening model. The average outpatient income was 1501 yuan per person per hand;
Figure 1: Changes in the number of outpatients and surgeries
Three quarters of El ophthalmology (3,00015) reports: growth in endogenous performance, strong and growing scientific capacity.
El ophthalmology (300015) reports: high speed of operations and good performance of M & A projects
Figure 2: Changes in the average outpatient income of companies and average unit cost of surgical operations ($) The main sub-specialized operations in the first half of 2019 were 1.779 billion yuan, an increase of 21.44 per cent over the previous year, and 56.14 per cent over the same period.
+1.54 pp); the ratio of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl, has increased significantly and has become more priced; 3. The development of individualized techniques and even private customisation has continued, and there is still much room for growth in the draught operation. 847 million yuan in operating income from cataract surgery has been realized, representing an increase of 10.92 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 39.35 per cent (cf. +1.89 pp).
The increase in the Māori rate should be due to the upgrading of cataract surgery and the increased use of new technologies.
High-speed growth has benefited from the continuous upgrading of visual technology and products, as well as the deployment of the country’s near-sighted anti-control strategy. The immediate and back-of-the-eye operations have generated operating revenues of $511 million (compared with +18.35%) and 328 million (compared with +18.35%) respectively.
The company’s internal performance grew in high quality, with clínicabaviera.s.a. on 1 September 2017, and US Hospitalaw on 1 April 2017, excluding the two overseas buyers, whose net return profits were still at a high rate of 41.84% over the same period. In addition, the company acquired Jin-Change, Shanghai-Ell, Nanjing-Ell Cooper, No Symphony, etc. respectively during the reporting period.
We've built new hospitals like Shen Yang's and others. We've set up the Hunan Mayo Medical Science and Technology Company. But, according to our statistics, these acquisitions and new businesses for 19 years as a whole.
In the first half of the year, profits were not realized (about $7,138,000 in losses) and there was no positive impact on the company’s performance, so that the growth in corporate non-performance remained largely endogenous. The scale effect of the expansion of the division’s size and the use of the branding scheme during the same period last year resulted in a reduction in cataract screening in some areas.
The net cash flow of 19h1 operations was 997 million yuan, an increase of 28.14 per cent over the same period; the net cash flow of operating activities was robust and reflected high profit quality; (ii) mature hospitals continued to grow faster, with a continuous advantage of a hierarchical chain system.
During the reporting period, the company continued to speed up the improvement of the network of decentralized networks in the provinces and districts and to accelerate the development, expansion and deepening of the health network, with a focus on the local and district levels; and to continue to build the overall capacity of the group and its hospitals through the functional positioning of different levels of hospitals, with high resource-sharing rates and levels of care, as well as the continuous expansion of the network ' s breadth, depth and density
As the country’s health network continues to improve, the scale effect is further demonstrated. In the first half of 2019, the company’s top five medical institutions maintained a high rate of profit growth of 14.03 per cent and a net profit of 22.79 per cent, reflecting a higher performance of mature hospitals in Europe, with prospects for the future of the home.
During the reporting period, the company ' s international operations grew steadily, with clínicabaviera achieving a 10.5 per cent increase in performance in the first half of 2019, reporting an additional hospital in Italy during the reporting period. Clínicabaviera achieved operating income of €6.205.9 million, a 10.5 per cent increase over the reporting period; net profit of €7.2.06 million, a 2.4 per cent increase over the same period, followed by a rapid increase in performance following the acquisition of clínicabaviera.
In the long term, the introduction of dynamic energy and matching resources after the acquisition led to a significant increase in the motivation for the development of European hospitals. Figure 3: Clínicabaviera 19h: Chronology, clínicabaviera Quarterly Income Changes (EUR)
According to the region, the income growth rate is higher in Italy (+88 per cent) > Germany (+18 per cent) > Spain (+2 per cent) > ebitda (+37 per cent) > Italy (+25 per cent) > Spain (+24 per cent). We believe that the growth momentum in European hospitals is well reflected in the success of the corporate internationalization strategy and that future international operations are expected to continue in the home: 1.
Future profitability increases firm performance effectively. 2. Surgery techniques such as old flower mirrors for target companies have great advantages relative to the country and can compensate for domestic technological disadvantages: due to the advanced and ageing economies of the euro zone, the old eye surgery techniques of standard companies are more mature, and many clinical trials of crystals are carried out by standard companies and can be drawn upon: 3. “Surgery centres plus clinics”
Business models allow companies to learn about their hierarchical chain systems. 4. Companies have been able to integrate rapidly and deeply into advanced international health-care concepts and cutting-edge technological systems, to match high-end service models and management experiences, to facilitate the development of high-end health-care services, and to enrich and enrich the Division’s global team of good experts.
During the reporting period, the company's science and research system, with its “two houses”, “six” and “two stations” at its core, has developed, high-level scientific research has emerged, and the platform's strengths have become more evident.
ips condition cultures and flying-second contour lenses combined to build studies of high activity retinal topskin cells (rpe) published online in the authoritative journal of biomaterials, The Biomaterials Journal (actabiomateraria); Professor Xu Peace and his team's paper, Immunization Control in Aging Retinals, the leading global ophthalmology journal, Progressinretinalandeye
During the reporting period, the company published a total of 128 articles in various journals, of which Sci/medline recorded 30 papers, China's core journal, China's statistical source of scientific and technical papers, 64 articles and 34 articles in other periodicals.
42 projects, 2 projects at the national level, 19 projects at the departmental level, and 21 projects at the municipal level. The company has organized the participation of experts in international and national academic meetings, including the annual conference of the American Association for Visual and Eye Research (arvo-2019), the Second International Academic Congress on Cataracts and Crash Operations in West Lake, the 34th Asia-Pacific Conference of Eye Sciences, the annual conference of cataracts and draughts in the United States (ascrs2019), etc.
Academic conference. At the conference, Al experts participated in international professional conferences with 51 speakers, 2 speakers, panels and 50 posters: 147 speakers, 11 speakers and 362 papers or written exchanges with national professional conferences. Corporate experts and well-known national and international professionals shared clinical experience, explored eye development, demonstrated corporate scientific and academic capacity, and continuously enhanced corporate industry influence.
The company ' s scientific capacity is increasing, both by upgrading the company ' s medical skills and thereby increasing the reputation and profitability of hospitals under the company ' s umbrella, and also by attracting more ophthalmologists: now that the company has one third of the country ' s ophthalmologists, ophthalmologists are receiving higher pay and pay for joining the company.
While there is a long-standing consensus that companies’ scientific capacity and influence will be strengthened in the future, they will significantly increase their attractiveness and ensure their long-term development. The company is a leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing scale and branding, and its network configuration.
We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating. New hospitals are less profitable than expected, etc.