El ophthalmology (300015).
One billion yuan, 36.5 per cent more than the same year, 700 million yuan less than the parent ' s net profit, 31.9 per cent more than the same year, an operating cash flow of 1 billion yuan, 28.1 per cent more than the previous year, and the overall level of expectations.
Mother-to-child net profit is $400 million, an increase of 36 per cent. Thanks to the branding effect of the company and close-visibility control policies, the company achieved 3.164 million outpatient visits in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.3 per cent in the same year; the number of surgeries was 300,000, an increase of 0.3 million, a decrease of 1:1 per cent in the number of sub-services, with 37.4 per cent in the share of the earnings of the tangential surgery and visual services, respectively.
17.6 per cent, or 21.4 per cent and 31 per cent respectively, were the main drivers of growth in the company's core business, with a significant increase in visual services, which benefited from visual technology and product innovation and policy drive, and the portfolio was expected to continue to expand beyond the proceeds of cataract surgery in the short term: close to 20 per cent remained in both the front and the back of the eye.
Growth: 2) According to Molecular Corporation, the central hospital chief, Shaaïre, Vuhanail and Chengdu El are growing more robustly at 16%, 19% and 16%, respectively; East and Shenzhen are increasing more rapidly at technology-using research, with R&D costs increasing by 136 to 66 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, suggesting that the company is trying to achieve core technology.
As a result of the impact of scale, the reduction in the rates of corporate management and sales costs during the reporting period was the main reason for the increase in net interest rates. (2) According to the subsidiary, the net profit increases for Shao Yill and Chongqing El were 43 per cent and 76 per cent, respectively, with net interest rates increasing by 5 pp and 12 pp, respectively.
• Accelerating the distribution of the medical network, which is progressing in the area of disaggregation. During the reporting period, the company acquired or built 13 hospitals and 9 outpatient clinics, respectively, such as Jin-yun, Pu-Mae-El, Kim-hoon, Ho-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae-Hae, and strengthened the company’s leadership in this area while increasing its impact. 1)
The company acquired the Chongqing El Children's Eye Hospital, which focuses on the prevention, diagnosis, treatment and research of various childhood and adolescent ophthalmological diseases, with the aim of reaching out further to the treatment needs of different groups of patients; 2) Shenyang Yill Outstanding Eye Hospital is operating, targeting high-end markets, bringing together specialists and doctors for international water.
Accommodative diagnostic services foster high-end and sub-high-end client groups. So we believe that the company is now entering a new stage of growth, namely, by digging, deepening, diversifying and refining new areas of ophthalmology, thus allowing it to break out of the bottlenecks of growth and keep its performance growing at a high rate over the long term.
2. El ophthalmology (300015): Exogenous endogenous dual energy, with a steady increase in volume (2019-04-29) and a prominent share value (2019-04-10)
Elephthalm (300015): Performance is slightly over-expected, and Nino has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.