El ophthalmology (300015): Introduction of world-class war investment books, advanced internationalization process.
The company is the largest ophthalmology chain in the world.
A study photoscope, a company's unique “hierarchical chain” with an unlimited share of 6.194 million shares in the terms of sale of the transferring company, which together account for 2 per cent of the company's total equity, of which the development model and its accompanying operating management system are highly appropriate.
Ten thousand shares, or 0.7% of the company's total equity. The shares are given by the capital of the capital (hillhouse) and the temasekfultonalphapte.ltd, where the capital of the capital is given 1%.
On 30 August 2019, El ophthalmological shareholders were proposed to donate 100 million shares (3.23 per cent of total equity) to the Xiangjiang Public Interest Foundation (hereinafter referred to as “the Foundation”) in Hunan Province.
After accepting the donation, the Foundation will have access to development finance based on its operations, which are not limited to centralized bidding, bulk trading, and exchange of purchases of etc. Introduction of world-class strategic investors to move the internationalization process forward with more open global thinking.
The market value is a watershed, with 2019 as the year of “secondary entrepreneurship”, and this time, through the transfer of equity to two world-class strategic investors, High Capital, Lightmass, and a more open-minded outreach international.
This re-entry into the Agency’s El ophthalmology also shows a strong confidence in the company’s future development. At the same time, the highly globalized development of Laxey has a strong operational role in leading the enterprise’s internationalization.
This collaboration with El ophthalmology is expected to mobilize adequate global medical resources and accelerate the Division’s internationalization. The equity transfer funds are intended for three main purposes: first, to purchase the core urban property, to provide permanent medical accommodation for El ophthalmology’s flagship hospital; and, second, to accelerate the preparation of a dedicated facility.
The industry's eye health insurance company, which promotes El ophthalmology to build a healthy ophthalmology; and third, better implementation of the East's financial and intellectual boom, El ophthalmology (300015): introduction of a world-class war investment book to further the process of internationalization.