Performance meets expectations, growth is strong. Elmephthalm (300015.sz) semi-annual 2019 rating: increase (maintenance)
The country’s near-sighted anti-control strategy, health awareness, and rising consumption together drive a steady growth in its core business. The company achieved 3,164.3 million outpatients in the first half of the year, with an internal growth rate of over 20%; the profits are growing faster than the growth in the harvest because of scale.
Reactions, efficiency gains, and higher Māori business ratios. Sub-operations, X-rays, families attach great importance to young people’s near-visit control, and companies achieve rapid growth through specialized medical lighting and other services: further development of the field’s near-visit control.
Technology upgrades, consumer upgrades, and branding effectiveness. Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which should drive the prices of tangents, cataracts, front and rear surgeries.
(The unit price increases with the high-end technique ratio), with the same rate of increase as the El ophthalmology (300015.sz) in-depth study - inside and outside - continues to expand to improve the distribution of the medical network, with new M & A fund not in place.
During the first half of the year, the company acquired or built 13 hospitals and 9 outpatient clinics, such as Xiaobong Conming, Gui Lin Yill, Chongqing El and others.
In addition, the company will continue to invest in the field of ophthalmology and to incubate into the company’s future savings through in vitro breeding.
More high-quality M&As will also increase the certainty of performance growth, with a scarcity and a certain premium effect for medical services; taking into account the steady growth of existing endogenous operations and the prospect of accelerated growth of visual services,
The forward M&A momentum will increase future performance and maintain an “uptake” rating. The main assumptions behind the profit forecast are: the amount of technology, the country’s near-visit penetration rate, still has much room for upswing, and it is expected to be dredged over the next three years.
The rate of growth is 40/35/30%. As the hospital network accelerates down to the grass roots, the treatment rate for cataracts will increase consumption and the potential of a highly specialized visual operation to replace some generalists.
The gross profit rate is expected to remain at about 52 per cent in light surgery, with cataract operations still influenced by health insurance policies, and Māori4 and the expected tax benefits enjoyed by companies, while the analytical logic of the report is based on their own professional understandings, and the report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and concludes that no third party is involved.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.