The performance of the Medical Health Research Centre is in line with expectations, and the ophthalmologist is on track.
During the reporting period, operating income was realized at $4,749 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to the parent division was realized at $695 million, an increase of 36.53 per cent over the same period; and performance in the first half of 2019, net of non-recurring returns to the parent company, met expectations and the company maintained robust growth in its operations.
Each business section has maintained a robust growth trend, with a strong growth in the visual services section. The number of outpatients and hands is growing steadily.
The company’s old hospitals continue to grow at a rapid rate, with a rising share of new hospitals and a virtuous circle of old and new hospitals. According to data tracking over the years, the company’s revenues from seven core hospitals are continuing to grow, and ophthalmology is moving towards gold.
3. " Performance meets expectations, high growth continues - with the help of the Love Merger and Purchase Fund, the stock of hospitals outside the corporate system is abundant, and the orderly infusion of in vitro projects has enabled the public ophthalmology to fast-track its 2018 performance " .
The growth path has been fully validated and steady growth sustained. During the reporting period, companies acquired or built 13 hospitals, including Xia Jin, Pu-El, Xi Bo Conming-El, Shanghai-El-Ling, and nine.
Innovative models improve the demand for multiple levels of health care and explore new growth points in the future.
The company has been focusing on building and training science and research platforms, and has developed medium- and long-term incentives for the company.
We keep looking at El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company as it continues to revolve around ophthalmology.
We're looking at the company Lee Jin-ray in 2019.
Medical risk of social problems: risk of network sinking: risk of medical accidents: delay in the issuance of the semi-annual report of the M & A Foundation Hospital in 2019, with performance in line with expectations, and steady growth in company operations. $4,749 million in operating income was achieved during the reporting period, representing an increase of 25.64 per cent over the same period; and attribution to the mother-in-law was achieved.
1.2019 The performance in the first half of the year was in line with expectations, with firm growth in corporate operations sustained. In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $4,749 million, an increase of 25.64 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to the parent company of $695 million, an increase of 36.53 per cent in the same year; and a transfer to the parent company.
Unless the net profit after recurrent gains or losses is 695 million yuan, a 31.93 per cent increase in the same year. Business income is expected to be 2,504 million yuan in the single quarter of 2019, an increase of 23.2 per cent in the same year and 397 million yuan in the net profit attributable to the parent company, an increase of 35.6 per cent in the same year.
The number of outpatient clinics and surgeries has been growing steadily. Over the reporting period, 31,643,000 visits were made, while the unit price has been rising well and the trend has continued.
2. The growth of the business sectors has been robust, with a strong growth in the visual services sector, which achieved 838 million yuan, a 31 per cent increase in the same year and an 18 per cent increase in the share of operating income.
Medical combinations have increased in awareness, with 1.78 billion people earning a 21.4 per cent increase in comparison with the previous year, representing 37 per cent of operating income, returning to steady growth: we expect to be affected by overseas operations and schedules for the same period of 18 years, with a sharp increase.
The former clínicabaviera was integrated and stabilized, while the country’s operations were steadily expanding during the summer, with the tangent surgery returning at a steady pace, but with the highest percentage of operations. Cataract surgery reached 847 million, an increase of 11%, and accounted for 18% of the main business.
The main reasons for the slowdown in the pace of operation of the barrier are the gradual slowdown in the rate of growth in the number of operations of the cataract since the fourth quarter of 2018 as a result of the transition to the integration of health care policies implemented by the State in the form of co-operative medical care for urban residents and rural areas, and the structural impact of the optimized expenditure on health care in some provinces and districts.
Using a cataract-to-crystal transformation strategy, the increase in the use of high-end multi-focal crystals, flying-second cataracts, etc., will fill the slowdown in the cost of health care coverage for low-end cataract operations.  511 million, an increase of 18% over the current period of surgery.
3. The company’s old hospital continues to grow at a rapid rate, releasing profits during maturity; the share of new hospitals has grown in a virtuous circle compared to the upgrading of new and old hospitals.
The profit is 288 million yuan (youy = 27 per cent). The share (2019h = 39.4 per cent) is declining from year to year, with new hospitals rising, leading to a virtuous circle of new and old hospitals, and the sinking of channels under a hierarchical chain model.
In the first half of 2019, the Sha ' ail income-side hospital grew by 16.4 per cent (established in December 2004), profit by 17.8 per cent, and in Wuhan ' ail income by 19.3 per cent (established in July 2003) and profits by 23 per cent.
The income end of Chengdu-El grew by 16.1 per cent (established in December 2002), while the profit end grew by 21.4 per cent; the income end of Yi-yang-il grew by 14.5 per cent (established in September 2003): the profit end grew by 76.2 per cent; the income end of Yi-Chu-El grew by 19.1 per cent (established in September 2004); and the profit end grew by 28 per cent.
• 10% growth in Chongqing's income (established in July 2006) and 42% increase in profits at the end of the profit line.
With the help of the M & A Fund, the Institute of External Medicine of the corporate system is well-stocked and its growth path is fully validated by the orderly injection of in vitro projects.
13 hospitals and 9 outpatient clinics in Shanghai, like the Aergian sunny. 5. Model innovations to improve the demand for multi-level medical services and explore new growth points in the future.  Rapid expansion of the visual sector.
▪ In the area of deepening the breakdown of medical services, the company acquired the Chongqing Yill Children's Eye Hospital, which focuses on the prevention, diagnosis, science and research of all kinds of childhood and adolescent eye diseases and congenital genetic ophthalmology.
6. The company has traditionally focused on building and developing the talent of science and research platforms, and well-developed medium- and long-term incentives have provided important support to the Division ' s rapid chain replication expansion.
▪ During the reporting period, the company's “two houses”, “six” and “two stations” system of science and research has become increasingly complete.
During the reporting period, companies achieved better returns from incentives under the formation of a long-term interest community. At the same time, the company’s restrictive stock incentive scheme in 2016 was first awarded phase III and the reserved phase II was unlocked.
Profit predictions and investment proposals:  we keep looking at Al ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company will continue to revolve around 1.345 billion net profits from parent companies until 2021, 1.79 billion and 2.382 billion, respectively.
▪ Risk of medical problems: risk of network sinking: risk of medical accidents: risk of delayed infusion of M & A Fund Hospital; risk of impairment of goodwill; risk of less than expected construction of county hospitals.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment