Tonway shares (600438) Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
Events: Companies published their first quarterly report in 2018, achieving business income of $5,221 million in the first quarter, sustained profitability and a steady increase in sales performance. During the first quarter, the traditional light season in the photovoltaic industry, corporate performance maintained a steady growth trend and business income of 52.21 per cent in the first quarter increased in comparison with the previous quarter.
24.05 per cent; net return on mother ' s share of 320 million yuan, an increase of 20.30 per cent over the same period. In terms of ratios, one quarter percentage point, a slight increase over the same period last year, shows a steady upward trend in asset profitability.
The amount of advance payments and inventory is innovative, and the company produces and sells a lot of money. The company’s amount received in advance in one quarter is up to 12 months/minimum dollars, indicating an increase in advance purchases by its customers and a good future sales volume for the company. At the same time, the public
Tung Wai shares (600438) The stock of the Tung Wai Division is 25.43 per quarter, representing an increase of 10.71 per cent and a rise of 43.83 per cent over the same period; this indicates that the public administration has made substantial preparations for production and sales during the season.
The two major industries are working together in a “light-for-fishing” scheme, which increases their capacity for performance. Production is expanding, and production is gaining ground.
The company now owns more than 20,000 tons of crystallized silicon, which is expected to increase to 70,000 tons by the end of 2018, taking into account the 25 million tons of each of Leysan ' s and Bottex ' s capacity; the company currently has 5.4gw capacity for battery tablets, and is in the process of being built.
Both three-stream and two-stage compost production, totalling 5.5gw capacity, is expected to exceed 10gw by the end of the year. On the one hand, the expansion of capacity can be a solid back-up to growth in performance, and on the other hand, it will continue to strengthen its industry leadership.
Cash flow performance was excellent and cost controls were good. The net operating cash flow of the company during the first quarter was 5.02, an increase of $265 million over the same period last year, an increase of 111.81 per cent over the same period, and the company now has a better operating cash flow and good performance and repayments.
In recent years, companies have moved into the luminous industry on the basis of deep-farming agriculture.
By focusing on industry opportunities, there have been remarkable achievements in the multi-crystal silicon and battery segments, and performance is expected to increase further as the company expands its capacity and accesss the photovoltaic parities, profit projections and financial indicators:
Lungi shares (601012) - the one-crystal dragon's strong and brilliant performance.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.