Tomway shares (600438) of agro-forestry and fishing are recognized by single crystals, and silicon production is fully secured by orders from the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Corporate announcement of major sales and procurement framework contracts with Central Ring shares, where companies are contracted to sell approximately 70,000 tons of polycrystal silicon; sale of solar cells totalling approximately 1,800 mw; purchase of silicon tablets totalling approximately 24.1 deep binding with downstream monocrysil silicon manufacturers, with full production security: 17 years of Lungi shares and Central Rings
The shares are ranked first and second in the world in 2.2 billion and 1.2 billion pieces, respectively. The company signed silicon sales contracts with Lungi and Central Ring on 23 and 28 of this month, respectively, to be tied to the depths of single silicon producers.
Tons of multi-crystal silicon: the central ring will purchase more than 1,400 tons of silicon from the company in 18 years, and each year in 2019-2021, on the one hand, cooperation with Lungi and the central ring proves that the company's excellent multi-crysilica quality has been given downstream single crystals, that the company's multi-crystal silicon cost advantages are significant, and that the multi-crysilica business will grow steadily over the long term: since this year, the multi-crysilica business has grown steadily.
The highest price performance of silicon in the four chains reflects the currently tight supply and demand structure of the chain, which is expected to remain high for the entire 18-year period due to the fact that most of the additional production capacity in the industry was built in the fourth quarter of the 18 years. The company’s 17-year multi-crysilica production cost is $588,000 per tonne, less than the industry’s average of about $70,000 per tonne.
At average levels, the company’s new production capacity is expected to reach about $40,000/t, with a significant cost advantage. In 2017, the country produced 240,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon, imported 159,000 tons, seized the opportunity to import multi-crystal silicon, replaced the larger industry, actively expanded its capacity, reaching 70,000 tons by the end of 1818, and expected to do so in 1919.
To reach 120,000 tons, the multi-crystal silicon business will grow steadily over the long term. Q2 rings of battery operations are improving significantly, with companies leading the profitable industry: two-quarter polycrysil silicon silicon tablets are down by more than two quarters, and single-crysil silicon silicon tablets are up by less than single-crystal silicon cells, so two-quarter corporate electricity will grow by less than one-crystal silicon.
The increase in the ring ratio for the pool’s operations is evident. With the three-stage 3.2gw battery project in Chengdu and the 2.3gw battery project in Fertilizer II coming into production in the second half of 18 years, the cost of processing will be further reduced, and corporate profitability and competitive advantage will be further enhanced.
Profit predictions and ratings. Cooperation with Lungi and the Central Ring has ensured the company's production of multi-crystal silicon from 2018 to 2020, creating silicon + battery double taps at $1.20, corresponding to 18 times, 12 times, and 9 times, respectively, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Pools, two taps of silicon batteries (2017-11-07) will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, either for their failure to do so or for their specific recommendations or views in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.