Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) August 30, 2025 Tcl Science and Technology Bulletin, semi-annual report of the company for the first half of the year
Current operating income of $85,662 million, an increase of 6.67 per cent over the same period, net profit of $1.884 billion from the mother, focusing on three core business lines, strengthening business resilience, corporate prices compared to the 300-percent trend
The semiconductor shows business: tclstar achieved business income of $50.43 billion in the first half of 2025, an increase of 14.4 per cent in the same year; net profit of $4.32 billion, an increase of 74.0 per cent in the same year; net profit of tcl shareholders of tcl technology of $2.63 billion, an increase of 51 per cent in the same year.
The competitive advantage in the area of products is 24%, an increase of 4 percentage points in the same year, combined competitiveness and ebitda’s profit margin are the world’s leading. In the area of small and medium-sized products, competitiveness is increasing rapidly: in the first half of 2025, the volume of display sales increased by 18%, and the volume of nb sales by 18%.
71 per cent long; 61 per cent increase in vehicle load sales on the same date; 51 per cent increase in mobile phone sales on the same date; and, with regard to the exclusive market, the company completes the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares and the 100 per cent of the shares of Leather (China) Ltd. (Huangzhou) and consolidates them under the name t11,
In the same period, the company also completed the second phase of project t9 in Guangzhou. t9 and t11 will create good industrial synergies to enhance the size and competitiveness of the company in small and medium dimensions and optimize its products.
Structure, which provides the basis for the continued development of corporate lcd operations, where the company ' s business area (t4,g6 generation) has continued to grow, with sales rising by 8.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and where revenues have increased by 9.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the market share of flexible uned mobile phones has increased by 9.2 per cent.
The world's fourth largest market for folding products is firmly in third place, and the wearing of products achieves economies of scale. At present, t4 plant yields, project input output, and ebitda rates are all guaranteed. 1. The panels continue to improve for profit, looking forward to photovoltaic operations.
One billion yuan, equal to 28.0 per cent, of which 5.77 billion won, ring to 7.1 per cent, and 3.85 billion won, ring to 26.2 per cent, of which the company is taking active and effective measures to survive the industrial winter, consolidate and maintain the competitive edge of the crystal to replace short panels,
The semiconductor silicon business: the middle ring is ahead of 2.74 billion yuan in business income in the first half of 2025, an increase of 38.2% over the same amount, and leads domestic industries in terms of scale and overall competitiveness.
In the second half of the year, companies are confident that their operations will continue to grow and that market competitiveness will continue to improve. Large fluctuations in panel prices, increased market competition, inadequate repair of photovoltaic operations, and geopolitics.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.