The semiconductor shows a strong business position and a dynamic deployment of new and emerging industries.
For $85,662 million, an increase of 6.67 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother is $1,883 million, an increase in the same year; semiconductor shows a strong business position and an increase in profitability from the inside out. tclwater \triangleright, first half of 2025.
Stars achieved business income of $50.43 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent, a net profit of $4.32 billion, an increase of 74 per cent, and a net profit of $2.63 billion attributable to tcl technology shareholders, an increase of 51 per cent. Companies continued to exercise their role models and efficiency advantages, improving their performance significantly, and maintained a competitive advantage in both size and emerging areas.
1) Large-scale area: maintaining competitive advantage in large-scale areas such as tv and trade visibility, with the city of 25h1 having a 24% increase of 4 pct compared to the same period; at the same time, 25h1 completed a 100% acquisition of shares in the lig Guangzhou line, known as t1, with a capacity of 180k/month; in addition, the company completed a photoconductor display of Shenzhen Shenzhen Star at the beginning of July 2025
Li Xiaoqing, the company's competitiveness has increased rapidly, with sales of 25h1 monitors, nb, vehicles, mobile phones, etc. increasing by 18 per cent, 71 per cent, 61 per cent and 51 per cent, respectively, while 25h1 corporate operations have continued to grow and sales have increased by the same amount.
The construction of the oled production line is being upgraded from 3k/month to 9k/month; while the company is actively developing the micro led industry, the company plans to increase its investment in mled product technology, materials and industry chain-related links in the future
In the first half of \triangleright, \tcl achieved an operating income of $9.87 billion, a 28% decline in the same year.
A 24-year quarterly review shows that business is entering a new phase of profitability, with $5.77 billion, ring 7.1 per cent, battery assembly $3.85 billion, ring growth of 26.2 per cent.
(ii) Semiconductor silicon silicon: in the first half of 2025, the middle ring was the first to earn 2.74 billion yuan, an increase of 38.2 per cent.
Domestic industries are leading in modelling and integrated competitiveness. Corporate products, technology, processes, and quality have improved, and products have stabilized the supply of major integrated circuitrs in the country and partially exported products.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.