Mid-Stand-Stand-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Stand-Step-Stand-Stand-Stand-Stand-Stand-A-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-A-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-St-S-S-St-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
\triangleright Market data: 16/9/2025
Accelerators and high-speed silicon light product ratios.
Production and scale will continue, and 1.6t products, mainly silicon light, are expected to contribute to a further increase in the market value of Māori circulationa shares (billions): Rates. To meet the demand of large clients for continued high growth next year, companies remain committed to fast-growing production security.
In the first half of the year, the company produced 1,161,000 light modules, yielding 9.4 million units, an increase of 29 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year, and the company ' s output was further stagnated to higher speeds. On the domestic front, the company earned 2.01 billion yuan in the first half of the year, up from +51.4 per cent.
The speed is higher than in overseas markets, which suggests that companies also maintain a leading position among the country’s major Internet customers and benefit from home-grown construction. Why does the 2026 light module market continue to have a high growth climate?
In-depth research, intelligent workflows online on mainstream model platforms, user growth, single missions, Gowoo-Yo, and growth in the volume of calculations are both driving reasoning totoken, and the need for reasoning to drive the whole thing.
The key to the capital expenditure of the cloud company (and many forms of post-training are also increasing the demand for training). According to the 30 July factset, the combined capital expenditure of the four overseas cloud producers is projected to increase by 50 to 333.8 billion United States dollars. Investment will be further expanded in 2026 with the encouragement of the Trump government.
Big. According to BJN, at the White House party on 4 September, the big tech giants of the United States expressed their “spoken willingness” to invest, for example, $600 billion in Meta by 2028, $600 billion in Apple, $250 billion in Google, and $75-80 billion per year in Microsoft.
400g to 800g of gb300) which drives the use of light modules under the same structure surges. Another reason is that the scaleup network light module is increment, and the light module is expected to take over the copper connection because of the increase in bandwidth and the increase in the size of the supernode.
High-quality delivery capacity is a powerful moat. First, it looks at scaleout, scaleup, multiple scenes. Modules are no longer bulk orders.
All meets the needs of large clients of head manufacturers; third, highly standardized and exclusive knowhow extension capacity, with companies maintaining high standard and low-cost delivery in Suzhou, copper mausoleum, Thailand; fourth, silicon light tap status, highlighting the silicon light programme in 1.6t, 3.2t8 channel light module, which increases the cost of eml chip bom
We believe that the company ' s share of delivery is stable in North America ' s major customer markets, that it is expanding smoothly, and that the high-end silicon light-driven Maori rate is on the upswing, with the company ' s net return profit expected in 2025-2027 being less than expected by the fall of the application than expected for North America ' s capital expenditure; and that large customers are importing new supplies.
\triangleright \triangleright's counterpart leads to a decline in the share of supply available to the company; shortages such as key raw materials, eml, result in supply capacity not being able to meet demand; changes in exchange rates affect the profitability of the company, etc.
The financial statement forecasts and valuations are aggregated on a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or belief in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.