800g ADR-driven performance increases, Māori rises significantly \triangleright
>ai demand-driven, high performance driven by accelerated release of high-end light modules such as 800g: 25h1 company revenue and net return profits increased by 37.0 per cent and 69.4 per cent respectively, with high performance of major downstream clients increasing by one step capital expenditure increased investment in arithmetic infrastructure areas, while demand for high-end light modules such as 800g increased significantly, while demand increased significantly
It also drives the light module to an acceleration rate of 1.6t and above. 25h1 company light module sales were 9.05 million, an increase of 46.0 per cent over the same period, of which 7.25 million were sold offshore. 25h1 company light module production was evaluated at 1.161 million per quarter for 25 years: performance met expectations and ai was driven high.
Cost controls are good, and the contribution of higher-end products to Māori has increased significantly: with respect to cost rates, \triangleright rating: ai significantly boosts 400g&800g demand, corporate industry
25h1 company sales cost was 0.68 per cent, a decrease of 0.15 pct, management fee, compared with 0.84 per cent in 24 years
Looking ahead, with further increases in the volume of 1.6t, silicon light, etc., the Māori ratio is expected to have further upscaling space.
\triangleright Review: Ia needs support 800g acceleration, Māori ratio net
The company will benefit from a sustained depth in order to maintain a sustained high profile, as a leading global digital light module manufacturer: a significant increase in interest rates from overseas giants - 2023/09/08 - Microsoft/Google/Meta/Amazon 25q2 quarter capex totals about $95 billion (year-on-year +67 per cent).
The ring ratio +24%) while households have expressed optimism about the future, Meta's year-round capex guidance will continue to grow at similar high levels. Google has moved the year's capex upwards from $75 billion to $85 billion, noting 26 years of capex going on. Microsoft expects capex next quarter.
In view of the continuing high demand for high-end light modules driven by the ai, we raise the profit forecast by a multiplier of 41x/27x/22x. The company is a global luminous module tap manufacturer, deeply tied overseas head manufacturers.
The overall market share is ahead, while companies are pre-eminent in the technological frontier of light communication and are expected to continue to benefit from the growth in demand for high end-to-light modules brought by the ai. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.