On August 26, 2025, Mid-Swiss published the semi-annual 2025 report.
Three hundred and ninety-five million yuan, an increase of 69.40 per cent in the same year. q2 quarter data shows that the company achieved a revenue of 8,115 million yuan, an increase of 36.25 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 2,422 million yuan in the return to the mother, an increase in the same year.
At the level of operating income, we believe that the growth in the performance of the Division in the first half of the year was mainly due to an increase in accounting capital expenditure by priority downstream customers, 800g.
The demand for high-end light modules has increased significantly and has accelerated to 1.6t; at the level of net profit returns, the product structure continues to be optimized, thanks to an increase in the share of high-end products of 800g, which has a clear catalytic effect on the Māori rate and net interest rate increases. Looking ahead, companies have continued to raise funds in the first half of the year.
Fund-raising projects such as the "3rd phase of the copper mausoleum-building high-end luminium industrial park" promote capacity-building for high-end products, while also improving cost-control capabilities and raising research and development inputs for companies to maintain a competitive edge within the industry.
Reductions of 0.15 percentage points, 0.87 percentage points, 0.9 percentage points, respectively, during the same period of the year; absolute growth is significantly weaker than increases in income levels. In terms of profit margins, significant catalytic changes in cost control have been made.
The product pattern shows that the conventional light module accelerates to a high output rate of 1.6t, helping to optimize product structure, boost profits, and accompany the increase in capital spending by cloud producers in North America/China, and the globalization of arithmetic clusters.
The situation is beginning to emerge, and the light communication industry chain, represented by the light module, is expected to be further strengthened. q1 performance has steadily increased, with profit ends undergoing marginal transformation. The company is the world’s leading light module manufacturer and is expected to rely on 800g/1.6t light module.
We expect a larger model of corporate business in 2025-2027 to be commercialized less than expected: North American cloud producers invest less than expected: network architecture shifts: macroeconomics are less than expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.