Mid-Sz (300308.sz) The Māori rate has risen fast in the second quarter and is about to be delivered in the second half of the year.
q2 1-quarter revenue of $8.11 billion, or 36 per cent, and net return to mothers of $2.41 billion, or 79 per cent. Downstream demand led to performance growth, followed by a 1.6 t light module development: performance growth in the first half of the year was driven by sustained construction of arithmetic infrastructure by end-users and strong capital spending growth
High-end module sales such as 800g have increased significantly, the product structure has continued to optimize, leading to a significant increase in corporate operating income and net profit on a par. Current capital spending by front-line cloud producers, both domestic and foreign, has continued to increase, the demand for arithmetic remains tight, and the demand for a 800g module downstream remains strong; looking ahead to the future.
In the second half of the year, the 1.6 t light module has started to package and is expected to grow on a quarterly basis, and next year there will be more customers adopting the 1.6 t program. The penetration rate is expected to increase rapidly.
The O2 Māori rate has risen rapidly, and future 1.6t/Silica light products are expected to increase profitability further: the company ' s q2 Māori rate has reached 41.49%, an 8.05pt and a 4.79pt ring increase in the same year. The large increase in Māori rates has largely benefited from an increase in the share of high-end products coming out.
The net interest rate of q2 is 31.45%, an increase of 8.29 pct and a 6.12 pcc increase in the ring comparison for the same period.
The company is the global leader in the field of light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: the light module is the core of the computing industry, and the company is firmly in charge of the world's leader, based on
In the 2023 ranking of light module manufacturers released by lightcounting, middle-class Xinjiang is once again ranked as the world ' s first institutional investor as a share of circulation a. One, the headline position is strong. With regard to new products, the company ' s 1.6t light module product is now in the distribution scale.
In addition, the company's silicon light technology is well-stocked and now has a 1.6t silicon light solution and self-researching silicone chips. We believe that future corporate technology is well-stocked, and that it is expected to grow at a high demand.
The era has kept the industry at the forefront. Profit forecasts: considering the continued increase in the Māori rate, the net profit share of our company for the period 2025-2027 has been renovated;3 capital spending by overseas cloud producers has fallen short of expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.