800g shipments continue to grow in size + silicon light module start + cost is continuously optimized, and the company’s profit margin is higher. 25q2 Māori is 41.5%, corresponding to +8.1 pt, ring + 4.8 pt, and up to three quarters in a row, we think, in the context of the usual year-on-year decline in product prices in the first half of the year.
Under this, the company is still able to maintain the momentum of high profit growth, mainly due to the continued expansion of the 800g export volume, the large amortization cost, the higher level of the silicon light module, and the continued optimization of the sales/management/research cost ratio of 25q2 companies - 0.1/-0.55/-0.5 pct. We believe that following the company ' s delivery, we will continue to improve.
The company continues to expand its production and expand its research and development inputs to front-line products. The company continues to push forward the copper mound.
The company has successfully developed a 3nm1.6 tosfp2xfr4 light module and 800glr2osfp with a simple light module, which is displayed on the site of lfc2025.
Global head manufacturers are able to respond to demand from mainstream customers, while increasing production in an orderly manner, and, in a context of high demand, silicon chip layout is expected to achieve structural advantages in material supply. We appreciate that companies continue to expand their capacity to produce and deliver high-end products while increasing their capacity.
Midmiddle Cricket (300308): 2025: More high-end product lines are on the ground, maintaining a leading position within the industry.
As the company reports, we believe that light interconnections can be expected to take advantage of transmission distance as factors such as tco, user experience, model expansion, etc., generate demand for larger scale scale-up supernodes.
The advantages of the 2024 report are gradually being applied to the scale-up scene, and demand is being multiplied.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the profit margin is expected to fall short of expectations, taking into account the volume of products such as company silicon light, 1.6t, etc.; increased competition in the industry; tight supply of raw materials; industrial technology overlaps; three major financial forecasting tables;
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.