Quarterly increases in Māori rates to further expand overseas productive capacity — IMZ incident assessment report ivzy@cfsc.com.cn
Net profits grew faster than the same ring, and the Māori rate continued on a quarterly basis. In the first half of 2025, as a supplier of the primary light module, the company ' s net return profit and the non-net profit ratio increased faster than the same and ring ratio. The Māori rate continued to grow.
As a result, the q2 Māori ratio has risen considerably compared to q1, mainly benefiting from high-speed light modules such as 800g, better rates, improved design, etc.
With the need for asic chips and 400 g and 800g light modules generated by the Ethernet data centre, the industry as a whole remains high and the company is expected to continue to benefit from the industry's needs.
The overall Māori ratio of q2 is mainly due to the silicon light delivery rate, the improvement in the rate of success and product closure. The expected annual increase in the silicon light share has not only accelerated the introduction of silicon light on 800 g, but also increased the input of silicon light programmes on 1.6t. The silicon light programmes are at the end and end of the launch.
1. Middle Cricket (300308): Overseas ai, soft and hard, accelerated deployment, home-grown luminous module dragons, with a high degree of integration on the receiving end, to replace some of the original separators, cw
The lasers also have a stronger value-for-money advantage, and the market demand for silicon light modules is expected to continue to grow as the advantages of silicon light programmes come nearer.
Middle Cream (300308), 2023 All-round customer diversification, overseas distribution capacity to meet the high annual increase in profits in North America, high-end light module demand
2024-02-02 Firms actively accelerating client diversification, seeking new customers in overseas and domestic numeracy infrastructure and through their own distinctive technologies and products and large scale
The company has been operating in Thai factories for many years, and the production efficiency of Thai plants has been almost at the same level as in the country. The share of company output in Thai plants has been raised to a higher level in the first quarter, and is expected to be delivered from Thai plants in the second quarter.
It will expand further in Thailand 23, 17, 14 times the amount required to fully meet North American customer order requirements, with the company having the technical strength and modeling advantages in the field of light modules, 800g, 1.6t high-speed product volumes that are expected to drive the company's performance.
Risks, downstream demand less than anticipated risk, arithmetic need less than expected risk, risk from overseas operations.
Luzhoyang: Master of Arts (M.A.), National University of Australia, at Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023 China Ishi Jun-yung: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, double degree in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, researcher.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.