In the first half of the year, performance was slightly higher than expected, and the 1.6t light module will bring a new growth dynamic.
Downstream demand-led performance growth, followed by follow-up attention to 1.6t light module development: the first half of the year was dominated by a significant increase in the sale of high-end light modules such as 800g, sustained optimization of the product structure and company operations, as a result of continued construction of the computing infrastructure by end-users, strong growth in capital spending
Revenues and net profits have increased considerably. The capital of one or two frontline cloud producers, both domestic and foreign, is now supported, the demand for arithmetic continues to be tight, the demand for 800 g light is still strong downstream; looking ahead, the 1.6 t light module has started to deliver in the second half of the year and is expected to grow on a quarterly basis, and next year it will also be available.
More customers are expected to use the 1.6t program. The penetration rate is expected to increase rapidly, with companies leading the industry with related technology, and a new wave of performance growth is expected to follow.h20 sales to China are resumed, and tariff concerns continue to subside: on July 15, British Welda will resume.
H20 sales in China, and a new fully compliant gpu for China. Yin Weida claims that the U.S. government has assured Yin Weida that it will grant permission, that the company wants to start delivery as soon as possible, that the domestic market is expected to quickly resume its purchases in the short term, and that the company Yin Wei Da’s industrial chain, such as the Mid-Sud, is expected to benefit.
A combination of products and market concerns are expected to ease the tariff problem further, with companies now receiving more than BJP overseas.
88%, the majority of which are exported to major U.S.-related plants, with the prospect of corporate performance after trade disputes have subsided The company is the global leader in the light module area, with 1.6t, silicon light and other emerging technologies moving well: the light module is the ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulationa
In the core area of the computing industry, the company is firmly in the world's leading position, and in the 2023 lightcounting ranking of the manufacturer of the module, the middle stump is once again in the world's first and headlines. On the new product side, the company's 1.6t light module product is in the process of being delivered.
At this stage, it is expected that this year q4 will be delivered in small q4 volumes, which will lead to a new round of growth from 2026; in addition, the company has a sufficient stock of silicon light technology, which now has a 1.6t silicon light solution and self-research of silicon chip. We believe that there will be sufficient future corporate technology reserves, which are expected to generate high demand in the country.
The era has kept the industry in the vanguard; three, the overseas cloud company's capital expenditure has fallen short of expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.