Innolight (300308/ch) 2qearningsreinforcealinfrastructuresend buy (Maintain)
I don't know what you're talking about.
(previoustp rmb151.00)Robusttoplinegrarrowstainaidedmand
And yoldimprovement.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, mgmt.extectsal-drivendemandremoenainelevatedtough2026 wiith800g volumescontiningtoreiseand1.6 tadoptionacelerating.wenoicedthateoptolink(300502ch, nr)alsopreannouncedsignificant2qnpgrrowthof
You've got 60% yoyin2q, and 800g witchsalesalonyearcycled full-yearsalesin2024.bbgconsensus
Forecastsmajoroverseahyperscalers' (msft/amzn/goog/meta)capex
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, except 800gsalesandincorporated from 1.6t, we expect more than 10% of the world's population.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of this, but I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, note: earlysestimatesforinnorightares and bigmestimates: companydata, and bigmestimates.note: thecalculationofthecastincludesfinacianssets.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(s) coveredhisresearch report with 30calendardayspriortoteteofissueissuesueofthisreport; (2) Will dealinortradeinthestock(s) coveredhisresearchreport3businsdayofotherthedateofissueofthisreport; (3) serveasanofficerofofofofofthe Konglistedcompaniesdirectedinthyport; and (4) havenyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistscompaniedcased.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvementadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformation, dactuatedeventsmayifferrealfromthatwichiscontainedthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforpurposeofsuplyinformationtotheclientsofcirentsorgm oritsaffiliate(s) thomitistbureted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanyscienceornyinterestin secritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neith and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholds, agents, delegates, directors, officesorsorsoremployoyèsallbe.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methhodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporated associations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanotherperson wofthepriorwrittenconsentof and Bigm.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedtoenstaintythenalysprotenfectoriesbypostentialconfactssointerestthatcoud certainoriabilityofothersesearchreport.thisreportis invertedfordstoriesthestatestatelyto"majorusinstitutionalinvestors”, asdefinedintilile15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchhangeactof 1934,asamended,andmayyotbefurnishtoanyotherpersonsentstates.eachmajorustitutionalinvestivesatresativesystemsactatives.
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandadagreesthatshathaltshathaltridiorprovidethisiporttoanyotherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishingto effectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation providedthesisresportdosoldsonlythroughau.s.-registerbroker-dealer.Forcificentsofthisdocumentiningaporeinsin
This reportistributedinsaporeby pte.mited (cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20171928d), anexemptfinancialadviserasdefined in thefinancialadvisersact (cap. 110) ofusingaporeandreguilaedbythemonetataryauthorthorityofspore.cmbismaydistreportsproducedbyits researchiveforignitities, affiliatesotropotherworldhousehousehousespooltoarrangementunderundersourceration32Cofthefinciancianciadvisersregulations.
If you're going to do it, then you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.