The demand for the Doc interconnectivity-driven light module has been on the rise. In 2025, cloud company capital spending remained strong, with companies and sovereign entities demanding the same amount of money.
At the technical level, gpu and acic's single-caddied bandwidth optimized to become a key bottleneck solution path that directly drives bandwidth demand up. We expect the data centre light module needs to explode further in 2025.
blackwell drives a new round of growth, and the 1.6 t light module is expected to speed up penetration. The need for the British Welda blackwell series gpu and related technology from a second-line cloud plant, sovereignty and business ai is expected to continue to grow, while the 1.6 t light module and so on is expected to start participating in the package delivery, which is expected to achieve base and penetration rates.
A cloud factory is expected to grow rapidly, and asic is expected to perform slightly less than the gpu card, but at a higher price.
The amount of “dollars” that can be purchased requires the purchase of arithmetical cards and an increase in the number of accompanies, investment in or redistribution of the capital of the cloud plant to the chain of industry, where the demand for hardware associated with the industrial chain is expected to grow faster than the capital of the cloud plant.
The company, as a global head manufacturer with close ties to large clients, is able to report a quarter of 2025 when it receives mainstream clients: performance meets expectations, high expectations, and output expansion progresses in an orderly fashion, with silicon light chips in a tight upstream environment.
At the same time, it is hoped to achieve structural advantages in material supply, which in turn will benefit deeply from the industrial demand trends of 800 g, 1.6t, and silicon light. Looking at 2025h2 and the follow-up, we believe that, in the context of the continuing trend of cloud producers in network structures, companies rely on silicon light technology, vertical integration of supply chains, and customer services.
The combined advantages are expected to benefit in depth from industrial trends of 800g and 1.6t.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the network architecture and firms are less than expected, taking into account the growing demand for overseas numeracy; increased competition in the industry; tight supply of raw materials; industrial technology overlap; and the emergence of three major financial forecasting tables.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.