High demand, increased silicon light penetration, leading to higher profit margins - mid-2025, mid-point performance rating, middle-rises (30038.sz)
The net return to the mother is 3,995 million yuan, an increase of 69.40 per cent; the 2q25 harvest is 8,115 million yuan, and Zhao Liang Bing is 6.16 pcts, an increase of 7.12 pcts and, overall, the quality of the company ' s revenues has increased.
The increase in the volume of silicon light module output has led to growth in the Māori rate, and the supply of upstream raw materials has been strained: with the rapid advance of artificial intelligence building across the globe, companies, as global champions, have benefited from the growth in demand for high-speed light module, represented by 400g and 800g, the build-up of silicon light module penetration, and the second season
Wang Xijiang is the main programme, the 1.6t light module, produced and exported on a large scale, and the product has the basis for increasing prices. With the company’s six-monthly reporting data, we believe that the global upstream supply of raw materials is still strained.
In a tight environment, the pressure on companies to lower prices is relatively manageable, while the rise in the volume of high-origin 800g silicon light-mode blocks has further raised the company’s Māori ratio. Demand continues to rise, silicon-light penetration increases, and a much larger-scale delivery of 1.6t is expected to drive.
Half-yearly, performance exceeded expectations: as the Internet giants advanced on the i and large model layouts, gpu servers would lead the intelligence base or become one of the main directions for the year 2025 and the future, silicon light model block penetration increased, data centre in-house connectivity programme advanced and demand for 1.6 t light modules increased
Further empowerment of companies is expected in the second half of 2025, with companies, as champions of the light module industry, expected to continue to benefit from the high growth of the industry, with companies expected to perform at 2h25 less than expected and with increased competition in the light module industry.
The annual report and the 1q25 quarterly performance reviews, the ai-pulse performance increases, the speed-light module continues to be released with time (300308.sz): performance increases.
The light-module tap benefits a big development, middle-to-end stump (300308.sz): Profitability continues to be optimized, and R & D delivers power industry leads.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.