China Handover (60180.0.sh): The China Handover Company is China's leading traffic infrastructure enterprise, which revolves around "Greatness."
The core areas of business are, respectively, capital construction, capital design and dredging, with a focus on high-quality development and shareholder feedback.
Specific initiatives to include domestic and global ports, shipping lanes, blow-filling land, watersheds, roads and bridges, railways, urban orbital transport, and the 2024 programme of action for the “Effort of Improving Efficiency” are the assurance of the majority group of shareholders.
The crediting programme proposed by the Department, without affecting its normal operations and long-term development, is an initiative to increase the value of the investments in public and municipal infrastructure, construction, and environmental protection that companies are listed on the market, as well as the returns of shareholders in the Division.
Design, build, operate, and manage. Report, more emphasis on high-quality development. This is not only a company’s decision to develop in the current industry environment, but also because it has long focused its work on high-quality development.
In the next three to six months, major issues will be highlighted: accelerating the development of overseas and new-quality productivity as a priority for high-quality development. The company, as the traditional backbone of the facilities engineering industry, has continuously optimized its business structure; it has not only stock resources.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Production, and direction of new contracts, so that funds can be brought back faster to meet the objective of pooling resources to optimize business structures and develop emerging business. New signatures in new business areas in the first three quarters of 2024
As the leader of the infrastructure industry, companies are highly competitive, not only domestically, but also overseas, with emerging and overseas businesses becoming the focus of corporate development. Other traditional infrastructure engineering business areas, such as roads and bridges, railways, etc., focus on quality.
Total equity/currenta shares (millions of shares) Asset structure continues to be optimized, operating net cash flows improved by the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023.The asset structure is also gradually improving as a result of the dynamism of corporate stock assets and high-quality development.
The third quarter of 2024 also saw a modest improvement over the second quarter, with net cash flows from companies operating in the third quarter of 2024 amounting to $2868 million, an increase of $31,658 million over the second quarter, and changes in current flows that are inseparable from the firm ' s focus on high-quality development.
Assets structure, active expansion of emerging and overseas operations, and maintenance of corporate “strongly recommended” ratings. Source of financial and intellectual excellence in East China (60180.0.sh): Capital optimization, with an increase in dividends
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Constituency (60180.0.sh): Optimizing assets, increasing the share of the profits, the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East, the victory of the Zhao army.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Consistency (60180.0.sh): Optimizing assets and increasing the dividends do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. The information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are based on it.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.