The company's review of the flavour fermentation ii November 1st, 2023.
Internal change continues, with short-term performance still under pressure - 3rd quarter 2023
Channel repair has been slow and demand-side improvements have been limited. The 23q3 income growth loop has been slightly increased by q2, mainly due to the return to normal macroeconomic improvement plus base, but the rate of increase is still low, reflecting the fact that the Division still faces significant structural challenges at the demand and channel ends, and the restoration of market and channel confidence.
At a slower pace, the company took the initiative to restructure the product group and the customer during this critical period, with the reduction of stocks and rehabilitation channels as its first task. For sub-products, 23q3 soy sauce/false sauce/sale oil revenues were equal to -2.8%/-4.9%/+2.3%, while the traditional core products performed poorly, with a similar share of income for the rest of the 2303 items.
+3.3 per cent/+0.1 per cent of the same ratio on/on the 23q3 line, with the impact of a change in the structure of the channel below the line, and the slow rate of growth of the power provider, mainly due to 22 years of accumulation of the epidemic, are higher. The number of dealers in 23q3 is 6775, with a 0.3 per cent increase in the ring from 23q2.
The ratio of oil, sauce and other products has increased; (2) consumption classification has led to a slower increase in prices at the mid-to-high end of the chain. In fact, three quarters of the price of raw materials has fallen on a year-on-year basis, some of which has eased cost pressures, while the Division has continued to optimize the supply chain, co-production efficiency, and effectively exploits its business potential.
5.6% of the same year-0.3pcts, mainly due to the recovery of revenue-side growth spreads, and the fact that the company still spends three seasons on-line to help deflate channel stocks and pull terminal sales, as well as active roll-out of soy sauce and ice cream, working in collaboration with the Gynaecology to enter a fancy factory and re-engineer branding the brand name " Taste Old"
Power. Management cost rate: 23q3 is 2.4 per cent and year-on-year +0.1 pcts, which is expected mainly to be the management of manual and +0.1 pcts.
At the lower end of the table, the income end is expected to increase at a faster rate; 2) at the end of the cost: 23h2 soybeans are at the same price as the package.
Client structural optimization and the recovery of the channel system, on the other hand, focus on healthy-oriented spices and fat products such as specialty prefabricated vegetables, re-altered meals, organic and low-sugar low salt products at the end of the product. The Division is long-term competitive as a taste-facilitating head enterprise, and companies buy back shares at low prices.
Long-term confidence and maintenance of the `recommended' rating. Table 1: Key financial indicators predict that I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. The drinking supply chain, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, etc., are good at deepening the value of industry investment through historical review and comparison with overseas perspectives.