Sea weather industry (603288.sh) 16 November 2023. Performance is still under pressure and long-term interest in corporate development
The seafood industry published three-quarters reports in 2023, yielding $18.65 billion, or 2.3 per cent less, in 1-3q; the annual net return from the parent company was 59.2 (-2.8), 67.4 (-4.9), 77.2 (-5.7 billion) and ps, respectively, the firm was increasingly competitive, and the market share of the multi-producer development continued to expand, with the potential of the platform ' s enterprises.
The business rings are better, the harvests are better, the harvests are better, and the seafood industry is growing by 2.2% in the third quarter, and the acceleration rings are warmer than the market is expecting.
The consumer environment is slowly recovering in three quarters: the company has increased its catering effort. The level of pipeline stock has also moved downwards, reflecting an upward trend in end-market sales. By category, soy sauce, sauce sauce, aphid oils in three quarters are 2.8 per cent, 4.9 per cent, and + 2.3 per cent, respectively, and aphid oil is part of the increase.
Regionally, there has been a slight decline in the eastern and central regions, with the number of corporate distributors falling by 397 to 6775, respectively, reflecting the company’s growing business approach to working with the large and medium distributors.
• The downside of the Māori rate, with the level of profit still falling at a low level, should be related to the strict management of the company’s active costs by 0.3 pct. The increase in management costs by 0.1 pct. The increase in financial costs by 0.8 pcc is a decrease in interest income in the past.
The outlook for the second half of the year, given the low base and the fact that the market is still recovering, is expected to pick up faster in the fourth quarter and higher in the net profit than in the first three quarters.
In the context of the current weak recovery in the industry, the sea weather is faced with high-channel stocks and low profitability, corporate plus new report 2023.8.30.
Quick layout new retail channels, along with the adaptation of traditional channels. Products are broken down by track power, zero new items. Short-term pressure, long-term robustness- company information. Adding soy sauce is already on the market.
883.4-14134,000 shares are used as stockholdings for future employee holding or equity incentive schemes, which, on the one hand, highlight the firm ' s confidence in future development and, on the other hand, offer possibilities for further development of sound long-term incentive mechanisms.