China’s leadership in medical outsourcing, enabling global innovation, we believe that the strength of the company’s core lies in the following four points: prejudicing emerging trends in R & D + high barriers, technology platforms + high-visibility, high-quality management teams of clients to create a drug’s Ming Kandeh industry.
Corporate outreach to build new molecular empowerment platforms to anticipate emerging research and development trends and global medical innovation; corporate management teams with professional commitment and depth leading, covering drug discovery, R & D and production-wide process services; and corporate rapid development of talent ladders to improve globalization
Enabling platform; advancing the “Long-tail Clients” strategy, high customer loyalty, steady growth drivers of short, medium- and long-term corporate performance, firm prices compared to 300 deep trends
1) Benefiting from the high profile of the pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing service industry, the growth of short-term corporate performance is largely dependent on the ability of small molecules to provide the Cro/cdmo Pharmacy, Biotechnology and Capability Platform to accelerate the process of new drug research and development for clients; and the continued expansion of long-tailed clients to contribute to a stable and sustained cash flow.
The cdmo Operational Clinical Early Project is well-positioned and productively deployed to increase the capacity to carry orders. As of 31 December 2020, there were more than 1,300 new drug sub-projects involved in the small molecule cdmo service project (45 in the iii phase and 28 in the commercialization project) and as a result of research
In the medium term, ddsu’s innovation milestones and sales share are expected to increase.
The fast-growing clinical coro business is already on the ground and the income share is increasing steadily, and it is expected that the company ' s clinical coro revenue will rise significantly as demand orders for the new pharmaceutical clinical service in China grow rapidly and the company ' s clinical coro sector improves efficiency.
As early projects advance to commercialization and income-sharing elasticity. 3) Over the long term, Cdmo operations income levels and Māori levels are expected to increase incrementally, with the release of capacity, the number of projects (i.e. 14 in ii/iii) and i
The portfolio’s operating income will be a new source of growth for companies’ future revenues. The growth space for the Medical Outsourcing All-Technology Platform is strong in terms of long-term growth fundamentals, covering for the first time the risks of changes in policy in the camps and in international policy; and the risk of a decline in demand for services for pharmaceutical research and development production demand.
1 Pharmacy Mind - China’s Medicine Subscribeing Leader 1,121 1st windfall, building an integrated enabling platform
Through the enabling global pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical equipment companies, Psychiatry Conde is committed to promoting new drug research and development processes that bring breakthrough treatment to patients. Currently, Psychic Condé is carrying research and development from more than 4,100 active client partners from more than 30 countries around the world.
The new project, with 29 R&D production bases/branch offices in China, the United States, Germany, etc., has about 21,900 scientists and technicians globally, with a total workforce of 26240 by the end of 2020. The 2020 performance report announces an increase of approximately 28.46% in total corporate business income, 44.79% in operating profits and 44.79% in total profits.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by approximately 44.18 per cent on the same basis: the adjusted net profit from noon-ifrs ' return increased by 45-50 per cent on the same year, and the company was a leader in drug research and development services in global Top10. The company’s main business was divided into four main sectors: laboratory services, cmo/cdmo services, clinical research and
At the operational level, companies are a small group of companies that can provide a full and integrated range of new drug research and development products: they have an integrated service model and an open platform model, they have a whole new pharmaceutical development chain service platform, based on industry-led technological strengths and service capabilities, and they provide high-quality and efficient services to global clients.
Integrated R & D production services. 1.2 Founders have central control and senior management teams lead the development of the company geli (Li Ge), Ningzhao (Ju Ning), Liu Xiaojong and Zhang Xiaojun are founding fathers and acting in concert
A senior professional in the management team, the company ' s actual controller, Dr. Li Ge, is one of the leaders in the drug outsourcing industry, and the success of the drug industry, Condé and the drug community continues to attest to its visionary strategic vision and excellence in management.
Work experience up to 10 years, with outstanding industry experience in their respective fields of specialization, is expected to lead to rapid corporate growth. 1.3 Companies have robust financial data and continuously increased profitability.
Many years of M & As have taken the lead in the industry worldwide, ranking ninth in 2018 in the global market for drug research and development outsourcing. The main advantage of M & M Cond is its vanity, its breadth and depth, its coverage of small molecules, its full-flow services for chemical discovery, research and development, and its production, and its continuous refinement of the business class in line with industry demand.
The company’s main business is divided into Chinese district laboratory services, cmo/cdmo services, clinical research, and US district laboratory services.
Production operations, 29 per cent; clinical research, a clinical trial and regulatory filing service for the period from clinical to iii, 8 per cent, with a smaller base, will grow rapidly; and finally, United States district laboratory services, mainly the development of production cell and gene therapy products, and medical instrument testing services, 12 per cent.
Chart 3 is divided into four segments, where the company is dominated by offshore customers, with steady growth in its performance. The company’s main income is from offshore customers, and the Chinese District Experimental Room Services and the cdmo/cmo Services are the company’s core business units that cut through the small molecules of medicine.
Production chains, with a share of more than 80 per cent. In recent years, 28.8 per cent of the population has benefited from the migration of the outsourced industry to China-India and from domestic innovations. In the first quarter of 2020, the onset of work was delayed despite the epidemic. With the resumption of normal work and production capacity in the second and third quarters of the year, the Chinese district laboratory services and cdmo/cmo services have grown rapidly, and the harvest has been achieved.
The growth rate rose to 27.3 per cent at a rate of 11,115 million yuan; in 2020, q1-q3 returned to the mother ' s net profit of $2,368 million, with a steady increase in the size of the company ' s revenue in figure 5 (in billions) The company ' s three fees and R & D rates have been stable in recent years, with financial costs in 2017 and in the first three quarters of 2020.
At a peak, corporate cost rates are expected to stabilize in the future as business volume continues to expand and business matures.
The core competitive edge of 2 companies 2.1 discovers new molecules - predestining emerging trends in research and development, enabling global medical innovation, new molecules are the foundation and key to drug research and development, and as technology advances, new targets for disease management are being developed.
As an enabler of pharmaceutical research and development, cro needs to have the capacity to take on different molecular types of research and development; and new technologies are a fast way to move forward in drug research and development. As a global drug discovery leader, Pinging Condé will keep track of the front line.
Technology-enabling pharmaceutical innovation can prejudge emerging research and development trends and enable global pharmaceutical innovation. Intra- and extraneous build-up of new molecular-empowerment platforms, companies start from specialized chemical to biological platforms, to new molecules such as protac (proteolysis).
In addition, a number of key configurations, such as nucleotide, multipolars, etc., form a variety of service platforms, such as hits, crelux, Faigen, etc., as well as innovative biotech, artificial intelligence, transformative technology, health information technology, health care, and risk-investment funds through joint ventures.
Investing in health-care sub-sectors such as health services really prejudges emerging trends in research and development, enabling global innovation in medicine. The number of patent applications has increased, and the capacity for innovation has continued to grow.
Iprdaily and the Incopat Research Centre for Innovation Indexes jointly released the “Top 100 of global biopharmaceutical inventions by 2020”, which ranked memmin Conde 47th among 165 patents, one higher than last year, and third among the global cro and cdmo companies.
According to the database of the National Intellectual Property Office, as of 1 March 2021, the Physician Condition had been patented, and the Public Prosecutor ' s Department ' s 2016-2020 application for the public patent ipc classification, with the exception of the small molecular synthesis patent involved in the main business, began with an increasing number of applications for the del (dnaencoedcompoundlibrary) patent, public and private.
The Department has done a great deal of work in this area: bioanalysis and testing, experimental animal-related, oncology- and virus-related patent applications have been kept high. The patent applications show that the drug Ming Condé is developing new businesses, reserves, and new technologies are being used to invent new and better-enabling pharmaceutical companies.
(b) Diagram 10, Ming Condex, has been publicly patented for nearly five years: Shanghai Pharmacy Ming Condé New Pharmacy Development Co. Ltd., Tianjin Pharmacology Ming Cond New Pharmacy Development Co. Ltd., Tin-free Pharmacology Ming Cond New Pharmacy Development Co. Ltd., Shanghai All-Pharmacology Development Co. Ltd., Shanghai Pharmacology Industry Co. Ltd., Su State Pharmacy Cond New Pharmacy Development Co. Ltd. and Su State Pharmament Ming Cond New Pharmacy Development Co. Ltd.;