We've got a delay in the recognition of revenue from the outbreak disturbance and the opening of the operational platform, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: January 2022, companies achieved business income of $353 million, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the previous quarter; Net return to mothers of $0.04 billion, a decrease of 88.56 per cent over the same period. • Income increased steadily, with gains and losses on fair value having a short-term pressure on profits. First quarter of 2022: 1) collections
At the end, the company achieved revenue of 350 million yuan, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period.) At the profit end, the company actually returns a net profit of 004 million yuan to its mother for the first quarter, a decrease of 88.6 per cent over the same period.
The loss of movement has no impact on the company’s fundamentals. 3) At the cost side, the company’s sales cost is 10.8%, the outbreak’s disruption has led to a delay in revenue recognition, and the resumption of work is proceeding in an orderly manner. In the first quarter of 2022, Sem Seunghai received less revenue than expected, down 170 million dollars from the company’s plan, mainly because of equipment caused by the effects of the Shanghai epidemic.
At present, the impact of the Shanghai epidemic is still present, as reflected in the logistics shipments to companies, the physical check-up of technicians, customs imports and exports. In April, the Shanghai region actively promoted the resumption of work, and the company is now in the process of entering the country.
With the resumption of work on the white list and the relevant documents and permits, we expect the company to resume its production operations in an orderly manner, with the goal of achieving the planned goals throughout the year.
In addition, the company actively promoted the development of new equipment, and the 18th cavity 300mm monocrystal cleaning equipment has been certified for production, and two ald devices are well under development and are expected to open.
New market space. We keep looking at corporate platform configurations, and we're looking forward to benefiting from domestic production equipment, market dividends, and we're looking forward to opening up the global market.
In addition, the company has been active in expanding the layout of its products, initially to the platformed product, and will grow more rapidly in the future.1 The domestic cleaning industry is a leader in the equipment industry, with multi-area layouts expanding the product structure.
Semiconductor cleaning equipment, semiconductor plating equipment, and advanced encapsulating wet equipment. With many years of technological development and accumulation, companies have succeeded in breaking through single-megasonic sonic cleaning technology, single-hull combination cleaning technology, electroplating technology, stressless polishing technology, and sterilized pipe technology, and in entering the supply chain of many major domestic and international semiconductor manufacturers.
Figure 1: Introduction to the company's main products, semiconductor cleaning equipment, advanced encapsulation of wet equipment
Wet etching equipment, single-swap cleaning equipment, front-track copper interconnection plating equipment.
One-saps cleaning equipment, one-sepam plating equipment, one-sepam plating equipment, and one-sepam plating equipment in the back.
A single-hull combination of cleaning equipment has been well developed, and semiconductor-cleaning equipment has accumulated. Shenxia has been strong in semiconductor equipment, and has taken on major national science and technology topics on several occasions before and after, in copper-connected non-resilient polishing equipment, copper-connected copper plating equipment, single crystals.
In addition, with years of accumulation, companies have successfully developed the world’s first saps/tebo megasound cleaning technology and the tahoe single-shelter combination cleaning technology, which has effectively improved the productivity of downstream customers by cleaning 28 nm and the crystal circle below.
Corporate ownership is highly concentrated and internationalized. The company’s equity structure is highly concentrated. According to the 2021 annual report, Shanghai’s top shareholder is acressearch, behind which the owner is Wang Po, and enjoys real corporate control. From the company’s layout, the company has also set up fully-owned subsidiaries, such as the United States of America, the United States of America, and the United States of America and California, to form local teams to better serve local clients.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure The company’s main business consists mainly of semiconductor cleaning equipment, other semiconductor equipment, advanced wet cover equipment:
In terms of revenue structure, semiconductor cleaning in 2021 generated revenues of RMB 1,060 million, an increase of 29.3 per cent and a gain of 68 per cent in the same year; other semiconductor equipment generated operating income of RMB 270 million, an increase of 352.4 per cent and a contribution of 18 per cent; advanced encapsulation of wet equipment generated sales revenue of RMB 220 million, an increase of 121.0 per cent and a contribution of 14 per cent.
According to the Māori structure, in 2021, semiconductor cleaning services contributed RMB 470 million, or 82 per cent; other semiconductor equipment contributed RMB 50 million, or 9 per cent; advanced encapsulation equipment contributed RMB 500 million, and the division achieved a net return profit of RMB 100 million, representing a significant decrease of 88.6 per cent in the same year.
Profit margins are subject to short-term pressure as a result of changes in fair value, and the R&D cost rates are consistently high. 1) Profit margins: Overall net interest rates fell significantly by 15.2 pp in 2021, mainly because the company ' s involvement in medium core international strategic distribution resulted in a certain margin loss that did not affect the company ' s basic business level.
The impact of the epidemic has led to short-term pressure on cash flows. In terms of operating cash flows, the net cash flow of companies between 2017 and 2021 fluctuated considerably, mainly because the company is still in the early stages of market opening and is facing semiconductor manufacturing.
We're predicting future corporate cash flows with the enhancement of core technology and the upgrading of the market position, assuming that 1: Subconductor Crystal Mill expansion supports the need for cleaning equipment, and we're projecting corporate cleaning in 2022-2024, assuming that 2: Other semiconductor equipment and advanced encapsulating wet equipment of the company have been certified downstream by its customers and are currently in a blast.
In the growth phase, we expect the prices of other semiconductor equipment and advanced encapsulation wet equipment to be raised every year from 2022 to 2024, and we have selected two companies in the industry that are similar to the Shanghai model in the United States of America, with an average of 14.3 times the pers in 2022. Given that the company is the leader in the domestic cleaning of equipment, it is expected to continue to lead national production replacements in the future, and to be plating and standing.
Other semiconductor equipment, such as tubes, copper scraping, and advanced encapsulation wet equipment, are extremely dynamic and are expected to remain above 99.5 per cent/59.6 per cent for the next three years as the equipment moves to semiconductor front-track processes.
The industry of cleaning equipment in the country is an absolute leader, and 90% of the equipment is now covered by the process, and the complexity of the process will increase in the future. The demand for cleaning equipment will also increase significantly. 2) The company's operations are organized in the fields of plating, stubble tubes, copper scrapping, ald, and it expands to the future, with a significant increase in the downstream market space. For these reasons, we recognize the growth of the map.
We give companies 18.3 times the market value of 46.570 billion dollars in 2022, commensurate with the decline in downstream demand, the pace of product R & D less than expected, the risk of fluctuations in fair value gains and losses, and the absence of international geopolitics, and the absence of any direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.