The impact of the epidemic q1 has been recognized, and there has been a significant increase in R & D investment.
The company published a 22-year quarterly report, q1 received 350 million yuan, compared to +28.5%, the net profit from the epidemic was recognized, the profits fell considerably. The first quarter of the year was less than expected, mainly because the epidemic delayed the recognition of equipment revenue from last year’s shipments; the net profit from the parent fell more than the previous year, the main one.
The market value of the share in circulation (million yuan) is due to a loss of $24.497 million in fair value changes and an increase in research and development inputs.
The impact is that the company’s revenue recognition was partly delayed, the supply of parts and components imported was blocked, and the volume of goods delivered was lower than expected. As the Shanghai area resumed work, the supply chain was gradually recovering, the q2 product portfolio optimized Māori, and R & D investment increased significantly.
Based on the advantages of cleaning equipment, product platforming is moving forward. The company's products have gone from a single cleaning facility to a domestic semiconductor cleaning facility, and three strategies have gone to the military.
There are several areas of advanced containment equipment and electroplating tube equipment. According to the company ' s public, in February, the international semiconductor platform company entered into a number of batch orders, including 29 slot wet cleaning units and front-line copper interconnections.
On April 22, the company announced the successful production of the 18th cavity 300mm monocrystal cleaning equipment, with a 50% increase in capacity in the same size. The company insisted on technology differentiation, product platforming, and customers.
Globalization, widening market space and moving towards internationalized platform-type companies.
Listed in the provisional list of the Foreign Companies Accountability Act and exposed to the risk of class action.