Quarter 2022: q1 was significantly burdened by the epidemic, q1 by the Huang Rui Lian o1 production business was significantly burdened by the Shanghai epidemic, and revenue-side growth was lower than expected by the market
In March, the Shanghai epidemic continued to spread, with regional controls having a clear impact on company production operations, logistics transport, etc., and was the main reason for the expected increase in revenues. In the short term, the Shanghai epidemic has not increased as fast as possible.
There are no clear signs of abating, and uncertainty about the operation of production still exists. Over the course of the year, regulation has gradually eased, and we expect that corporate revenue will continue to grow well throughout the year 2022.
A significant increase in R & D costs is one of the main reasons for the decline in profitability. This is a significant increase in the number of R & D staff, which reached 391 by the end of 2021, an increase of 71 per cent over the same period; on the other hand, a significant increase in R & D inputs due to increased research and development of new products.
The change in the share price of the center core international, with the net gain from the change in fair value of company 2022q1 amounting to $24.5 million and a significant decline ($13.75 million), has had a clear negative impact on real profitability.
Wet & dry equipment, platform layout opening up the company's growth space, while cleaning up the leading position of the equipment market, the company is actively engaged in platform extension, and continues to comment: rapid release of new items, 2021.
Open the growth space. Under the wet process, extend advanced encapsulation & plating equipment. 1) Advanced encapsulation wet equipment: most of the single humid equipment has been covered and has been successfully supplied to customers such as micro, medium core long power, Nepes, etc., at the release stage; 2) electroplating equipment: 2021m10 has received a major semiconductor in Asia.
The scale of operations was accelerated by the first batch purchase order for the ecpmap plating system in February 2022, which was based on a stand-alone tube, horizontally expanded drying equipment: upfront.
The body cleaning equipment, the platform layout, is concentrated in lpcvd, which is to be applied to the oxidizer & diffusion furnace, and finally to ald, which in 2020 was the first facility to be sold by the Department of Public Administration, with subsequent product volumes, to further open up the space for growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board