SUNWAI (688082): Delayed income recognition, stepped-up layout extension growth curve recommended (first time)
Corporate report for the first quarter of 2022: operating income of $354 million, an increase of 28.5 per cent over the same period; net profit from parent return of $0.04 million, a decrease of 88.6 per cent over the same period; due to delays in the collection of revenue from clients of non-mortality equipment.
The ratio is 47.2% and the ratio +1.49pc is mainly influenced by product mix optimization. The decline in net return profits on a year-on-year basis is mainly influenced by increased investment in research and development, with a billion yuan resulting in a net return profit being lower than the non-repatriation net profit.
Platform expansion, global distribution of differentiated equipment Cleaning equipment is in bulk harvest: companies are now cleared of cleaning technologies such as saps and tebo megasounds, developed autonomously and protected by global intellectual property rights.
The washing technology and equipment already cover more than 80% of the cleaning process, the customers cover the Yangtze storage, the China Rainbow Group, Hercules, Nakaroo International, etc., and in 2021 the company acquired the mega-sonic single-polywashing equipment of the main semiconductor manufacturer at the Chinese factory.
Demo orders, two orders (12 cavity) from the major international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States, for saps single-sampling equipment, copper-plating equipment entering fast and long-term: 20 shipments in 2021.
Completion of 4 semiconductor plating equipment, of which 3 ultraecpmap plating equipment, 1 ultraecp3d plating device certified and entered into mass production for 28 nm, 40 nm, 55 nm, 65 nm technical node and Tsv
a:r = 10:10 process, received Damascus plating equipment demo order from major integrated circuit manufacturers in Asia.
There are eight sales a year. Corporate platform expansion has started on scale, differentiated equipment has served global clients, and there is much scope for future development. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
The market demand for semiconductors is not as high as expected; downstream crystal circle manufacturing capacity expands less than expected risks; spare parts shortage risks; new equipment development is not as fast as expected.
The Automated Industry has six years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is mainly responsible for listing companies in the mechanical industry. Ding Xing: The University of New South Wales has a Master of Finance, which is now mainly responsible for listing companies in the mechanical industry.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should independently assess the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.