BMW shares (600019): persistently build low-cost poles, focus on the spillover effects of BMW restructuring; BMW shares (600019) semi-annual performance rating.
The world's leading modern steel conglomerate, the Numerical Billion Dollars of the World's 500-strong China BMW Steel Group Ltd., fell by 5.16 per cent the same year, and realized a net profit of $6,187 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Heart Enterprises. The main industry specializes in the production of high-tech, high-value carbon steel sheets, thick plates and steel tubes, which are the most profitable of all.
The products to be used are widely applied to the supply capacity of automobiles, appliances, petrochemicals, and high-end products.
From the above data, we can see that Changjiang's profitability continues.
It is consistent with previous expectations that the product structure of the Yangtze River will continue to grow at a higher level, and that the production costs of the Yangtze River will be lower: the Qingshan base will show strong performance, and that resilience will be associated with the gradual realization of the downfall effects of the implementation, namely, Qingshan, Mayshan and Boshan.
There is a lot of room for improvement over profitability. The construction of the Zamjiang III furnace system is progressing steadily, the heat work started on May 9, the cooling work started on June 11, and the burning work started on June 17, which is expected to take place in July 2021, when the Yangtze will add more than 4 million tons of capacity and the total iron and water production of the year.
With 12.25 million tons, the size and profitability of the company will be close to Baoshan headquarters, achieving the goal of “remaking a treasure steel”, while the company's capacity to supply high-end products such as motor panels, home electric steel and electric steel in the South China region will continue to grow and become an important performance growth point for the company in the next three years.
In 2018, the company set a cost reduction target of $10 billion for the new three-year period, challenging $13 billion. In the first half of the reporting period, the company achieved a cost reduction of $3.15 billion, exceeding the annual target.
The data disclosed showed that the operating cost of 2019h1 ton steel was $5365.9, a decrease of $62.7 from the same period last year. This performance was faced with an increase of 30.8 per cent in the iron ore index of 2019h1 compared to the previous year, while coal and coke prices remained high during the same period; and $378.3 for the 2019h1 ton steel period, compared with $378.3 per cent for the same period.
Over the same period last year, there was a decrease of $30.2. The company ' s ton of steel production costs and the cost of the period are still high at the level of the industry, but the gap with the level of the industry is narrowing, the Māori rate is flat in the same product, and the potential for efficiency gains is enormous.
In this year’s decline in performance, the company’s cash flow remains strong, with cash and cash equivalents in the first half of 2019.
This represents a net increase of $1.16 billion, of which net cash flows from operating activities are $9.44 billion; the financial costs of companies are 940 million less than the same period in the previous year.
In June, the company announced that the company had implemented a strategic reorganization of the company, and that the State Finance Committee of the province of Anhui had transferred 51% of the company's shares free of charge.
As a result of this reorganization, China’s BMW will hold 51% of the shares of the Ma Steel Group, and will indirectly be the controlling shareholders in the Ma Steel stock. The horse and steel shares are China’s giant steel conglomerates and important steel production bases, producing 9.5 million tons of steel annually, of which 2.4 million tons of steel is used in cars, the steel production of cars is growing year by year, the user structure is constantly improving, and the main clients are Jianghuai and Chiri, which have opened up Chang An.
The market for the two major car brands and the east wind has been narrowing the gap with the top levels of the industry; Anhui, as a home power production base, has provided a good downstream market for horse and steel developers; production of refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines in Anhui province in 2017 was 39 per cent, 21 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, higher than the national level, with the annual production of steel for household appliances in horse and steel shares reaching 1.8 million tons, or about 15 per cent of the national share; and no access to silicon in horse and steel.
With BMW restructuring the Ma Steel Group, BMW production will reach 15 million, 10 million and 4.5 million tons, respectively, for automobile steel, home electric steel, and electric steel, and high-end products will be made more market-owned, bargaining power and anti-market risk-resistant capabilities, and the spillover effects of the restructuring will help to improve the performance of companies listed in the BMW.
In the first half of the year, the country’s production of rough steel grew by nearly 10% compared to the previous year, while demand grew mainly around the construction industry. The market for cars, the company’s main downstream, dropped by 13.7%, and the combined Māori rate for steel manufacturing units fell by 5.4 percentage points compared to the previous year, with the rate for cold and hot roller products falling by 11.5%, respectively.
10.4%, down 4.9%, 9.1% from the same period last year, respectively, especially the rate of Maori for chilled products is already lower than it was in 2015. We believe that, against the background of the lower base for the same period last year, the level of flat-rate declines in automobile sales will be expected to be gradually reduced in the second half of the year, and that the national tax reduction and incentives for car consumption are expected to be put in place to sell good automobiles, while the demand for car plates will be gradually improved, taking advantage of wealth.
The spillover effects of horse restructuring are expected to rewind the profitability of chilled products. Moreover, the demand for piped products continues to rise, with the demand for piped products rising at a high rate, with gross interest rates of 12.9 per cent for corporate pipe products during the reporting period, up 0.5 percentage points from the same period last year, close to the 2009 best level ever.
In the second quarter, the price of priority products will be raised, and the profitability of the second half will remain robust. On a quarterly basis, the company achieved a net return of 3.46 billion yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 735 million yuan in the ring over the first quarter.
This is 300, 350, 300, 300, 300 and 200-700 tons higher than the March ring. The prices of the company’s main products are now published for the last three quarters. Statistics show that the prices of hot rolls, pulverized zinc, electroplating zinc, unopposed silicon steel, September to silicon steel are 50, 250, 250, 150, 200 yuan higher than the June ring.
The positive impact of the company’s upturn in the prices of its products has to some extent been accompanied by an increase in shipments by iron ore suppliers like the fresh water valley in the second half of the year, which will weaken the trend in iron ore prices, and the company’s profitability in the second half of the year, which will remain stable. The source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that BMW shares (600019): persistently build low-cost taps and focus on the spillover effects of BMW restructuring.
Four-dimensional witness, three years of experience in the chemical industry.
Ph.D. in Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, product development and research in bountiful steel, products, technology and life in the steel industry, 2015-2018
There is an in-depth understanding and research, and in May 2018, the Alliance’s Económica took place. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.