The company released its semi-annual report for 2018, where it achieved business income of $14.876 billion, together with an excess of annual cost reduction in the first half of the year and an effective hedge demand and cost up.
\triangleright’s flat market, represented by the motor plate, continues to be depressed, with the CCM steel price composite index of 109.5, a decrease of 4.6 per cent over the same period, while the Pulse iron ore index of $91.4, an increase of 30.9 per cent over the same year, and cost increases and overlaps.
The fall in demand put a great strain on the company’s operations. The company completed 22,827,000 tons of iron production in the first half of the year, or 0.4 per cent more than in the previous half.
\triangleright has seen a significant improvement in its operations over the first quarter, driven by the rise in steel prices, mainly due to the increase in steel prices in the second quarter.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company ' s profits were increased. Roe 3.48%, 2.49 pct less than in 2018 h1, and cash flow from activities amounted to $10.26 billion, a decrease of 51.53%. In the first half of the year, the company ' s overall earnings were better than the average for the industry, but the company ' s profits were affected by the downside of the industry.
Future price pressures on raw materials have eased, manufacturing has hit the bottom and corporate profits are expected to remain stable, as raw fuel prices, such as iron ore, have recovered, and manufacturing, such as cars, are expected to remain stable: in addition, the construction of the Changjiang 3 furnace has steadily advanced and the company continues to deepen.
In the first half of the year, 79 smart equipment-type renovation projects were launched, the Silicon Steel 4 plant was completed, the East Mountain base was fully operational, the first smart iron and water transport system single-machine operated, and the company's future management would be more intelligent and efficient.
In the first half of the year, the percentage of patent applications for inventions reached 93.89 per cent.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Suketung (Certificate of Practice: 80100516001), consultant (investment), senior engineer, first-level builder.
In May 2017, Liu Yang (Certificate of Practice: s0101,18050012), Master of Financial Engineering, Imperial Institute of Technology, and in 2018, he joined the Civil Security.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.