The company's evaluation reports that the company's profits have gone down with the industry, that the Changjiang project is advancing steadily, and that the company's share (600019.sh)
Oh Jianxing 2. Our analysis and judgment.
(i) “Long and weak” and cars are the reason for the decline in corporate profits: corporate products are dominated by plates, steel industry “Long and weak” patterns, and automobile markets decline, leading to a 43.51% decline in corporate net profits in the first half of the year. For steel, first half of the year.
Domestic production of rough steel was about 490 million tons, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period; the price index for steel in the China Steel Association was 109.5, a decrease of 4.6 per cent over the same period; and the P-62 per cent iron ore index was $91.4 over the same period, down by the same time: the price of steel in the early q2 was supported by raw material prices and the cost of the State fell.
The impact of taxes has increased slightly, but the release of capacity since June has led to a fall in steel prices. On the automobile market, q2 global automobiles sold 23,119 million vehicles, down 2.7 per cent from the previous year, and domestic car production, down 13.7 per cent from the same date.
10.4 per cent, a decrease of 4.9 per cent compared to the same period the previous year, a decline of less than 870 million yuan in hot-rolled carbon steel plates, effectively overcomes the complex situation of the continuing low automobile market and rising mining prices, and increases the resilience of companies to cycles.
(ii) The Changjiang project is moving forward steadily, and the overseas project is actively promoting the construction of the system of the Samang Triple furnaces. Work began on the heat-rolling project on 9 May, on the cold-rolling project on 11 June and on the boiling project on 17 June. The project is scheduled to begin on 2021
At the time of the year’s launch, the additional capacity it would provide would be significant, i.e. 1.225 million tons of iron water, 12.28 million tons of steel water, 1081 million tons of steel. The Changjiang Manor Production Project is one of the multi-manufacturing base projects, and its successful roll-out to completion means that the company can go further.
Over-manufacturing base management capacity upgrades and synergetic excavations to keep production capacity stable, contain costs, and effectively respond to potential risks arising from changes in the internal and external operating environment. In addition, the company is moving forward with the overseas process-wide steel base project, which has been initially locked in.
The internationalization of the company was seen as an essential route to the development of the arsenal. The domestic steel industry is now in a long-cycle phase of decapitation, competition is increasing, and the external layout is proceeding smoothly.
Companies continue to expand their capacity on the domestic supply side and under environmental control. Companies are industry leaders with higher profitability than industry averages, and their effective cost controls, product upgrading policies, and 2) base environmental controls are less than expected.