A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Shengyi Technology (600183 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Solid 3Q21; Cost pressure ahead
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 31.90)
Up/Downside
+36.1%
Shengyi Tech released 3Q21 results with revenue of RMB5.5bn (45.5% YoY)
Current Price
and net profit of RMB925mn (93.9% YoY), largely in-line with its preannounced
earnings earlier. We believe Shengyi's solid results confirmed the strong demand
China Technology Sector
for both CCL (56.6% YoY) and PCB (26.8% QoQ). However, 3Q gross margin
was down vs 1H21, suggesting difficulty in further transferring the material cost
Lily Yang, Ph.D.
pressure to downstream clients. We revised up FY21-22E EPS by 6-16% but
slightly adjusted TP to RMB30.50 with lower target multiple (22.5x vs. previous
25x FY22E P/E). Maintain BUY.
Alex Ng
Positive outlook for FY21E-22E CCL sales supported by strong demand;
cost pressure may challenge GPM ahead. Due to pent-up demand for CCL
from several end markets (auto, consumer, etc.), Shengyi reported strong
sales during 9M21. Revenue grew at 59.8% YoY, however, GPM reduced to
Stock Data
~26% in 3Q21 (vs. 29.3% in 1H21). The results are largely in line with our
Mkt. Cap. (RMB mn)
previous view of "another strong quarter in Q3" but uncertainty is rising given
Avg. 3mths t/o (RMB mn)
"limited room for CCL suppliers to increase ASP" (Link). We think the
52W High/Low (RMB)
30.46/21.20
Company had less ASP adjustment in Q3 although material cost continued
Total Issued Shares (mn)
2,302.5
Source: Bloomberg
to rise (LME 3M copper price rebounded to US$10k/ton last week). Looking
forward, we believe momentum for CCL will continue on strong demand.
Shareholding Structure
However, short-term uncertainty still exists, such as cost pressure and further
Guangdong Guangxin Holdings
22.65%
power shortage.
Dongguan Guohong Invest.
14.94%
Weihua Electronics
14.17%
PCB segment started to recover with improved GPM. We saw its PCB
Source: Bloomberg
segment recovered in 3Q21, with 26.8% QoQ revenue growth. Major reasons
Share Performance
include 1) 5G deployment resumed in 3Q21 and 2) contribution from new
capacity in Ji'an factory (37k sq m/month). PCB GPM has also increased to
21.3% (vs. 16.0% in Q2) but still negatively affected by high material price
pressure, compared to GPM of 29.6% in 3Q20. We believe PCB business
will continue to recover but high cost pressure will remain as an overhang.
12-mth Price Performance
Maintain BUY and slightly adjusted TP to RMB30.50. Our new TP of
RMB30.50 is based on lowered 22.5x FY22 P/E (vs previous 25x due to
limited CCL ASP upside). Although GPM may face continuous challenge, we
saw net margin was steadily improving. Trading at 16.6x FY22E P/E, the
stock remains attractive. Potential risks include less-than-expected transfer
of material costs and less-than-expected market demand.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: GP CPAs
Recent Reports:
CCL upcycle to continue; Maintain
BUY - 17 Aug 2021 (Link)
Positive outlook for PCB/CCL sector
(Link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
3Q21 Results Review
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Sector outlook remains positive despite short-term power
shortage
Prismark raised 2021E full-year growth forecast for PCB industry again to 18.2%
(8.6%/14.0% in 4Q20/1Q21), driven by the widespread economic recovery as the
pandemic is controlled and there is strong consumer demand. They believe Japan and
China will outperform their global peers.
Source: Prismark, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
In 1H21, Shengyi Tech has experienced fast growth in its CCL business (a key material of
PCB) due to the pent-up demand from consumer and auto market. Meanwhile, given that
material prices (especially the copper) remain at their highs, the ASP of Shengyi's CCL
products has increased ~30% in 1H21, successfully transferred the material price to
downstream PCB manufacturer. However, its PCB segment has a much weaker
performance due to the delayed 5G deployment this year. The ASP has dropped as the
telecom products have a higher average price.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
We expect material prices to remain at their highs in near-term given that 1) recovery of
global economy will continue; 2) low copper inventory in China and 3) government
intervention (suppressing market price from its equilibrium) which increases buyer's
intention to stock up material inventories but curbs suppliers' willingness to sell.
Source: Shengyi Electronics, CMBIS estimates
There were several waves of material price increase in 1H21 to reflect the rising costs.
Shengyi's CCL price has increased ~30% in 1H21. The room for further price rise will be
less. For 2H21, the market is conservative, given concerns of 1) sluggish consumer growth,
2) uncertainty in macroeconomic environment, 3) reducing demand in low margin market
suppressed by high material price and 4) potential impact from power shortage starting
from late 3Q21.
Currently, Shengyi's CCL capacity is about 680-700w sq m per month. Due to the high
order volume in 1H21, the capacity utilization is very full in certain months. The auto market
has the longest order visibility (60-90 days). New CCL capacity includes 1) 11mn sq m in
Changsu, Jiangsu (expected to begin production in Sept./Oct. 2022), 2) 2.6mn sq m in
Dongguan, Guangdong (expected to begin production in Sept./Oct. 2022) and 3) 7.4mn sq
m in Shanxi (expected to begin production in 1Q22). New PCB capacity includes 35w sq
m in Dongguan, Guangdong (expected to begin production in 2H22).
Figure 11: Capacity Schedule
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Overall, we are still positive in Shengyi's future performance. As the second largest CCL
provider in the world, we believe the Company is capable to adjust its product structure to
1) transfer the material cost better than its peers and 2) maintain its capacity utilization at
high level.
However, near-term uncertainty still exists. Currently the power shortage has limited impact
on the Company, but the situation may get worse as cold weather has come. Meanwhile,
as material prices are still at their highs, continuous cost pressure may challenge the
Company's GPM ahead.
Valuation
Maintain BUY with new TP at RMB30.50 (36% upside)
We maintain BUY rating with TP of RMB30.50 based on the trimmed 22.5x FY22E P/E.
We lowered the valuation given that the transfer of cost pressure slowed down in 3Q21 but
material prices, especially copper, are still at their highs. We expect the momentum will
continue and PCB business will steadily recover, but near-term cost pressure will remain
as the biggest overhang.
Potential risks include less-than-expected transfer of material costs and less-than-expected
market demand.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.