In the first three quarters of 2022, Hangzhou bank receipts and net repatriation profits were $26,622 million and $9,275 million respectively, representing an increase of 16.47 per cent and 31.82 per cent, respectively.
- Hangzhou Bank - 300 Business Analysis - Manufacturing + Green + Agriculture. Total loans/company loans/individual loans are 677,645 million, respectively.
At the end of the reporting period, the sum of $107,830 million was available, an increase of 17.58% from the end of the previous year.
At the end of the reporting period, corporate deposits amounted to $8,709,45 million, an increase of 7.44 per cent over the end of the previous year. Retail deposits and company deposits grew at a significantly faster rate than they were expected.
Sale aum 4.8739 billion yuan, an increase of 12.85 per cent compared to the end of the previous year. Asset management promotes product innovation, good asset quality, and adequate provision. Companies accumulated $474 million in non-performing loans in the previous three quarters, counting credit points. Adequate capital. At the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy/first-level capital adequacy/core-level capital adequacy rate
Over-expected contraction of macroeconomics, recurrent domestic epidemics, and expected deterioration in the quality of lending. Figure 4: Reduced poor rates, robust provision  Over-expected contraction of macroeconomics: the over-anticipated contraction of macroeconomics does not only increase credit and asset quality
Repressive, and this can lead to a negative cycle of market pessimism about banks’ shares. The domestic epidemic is repeated: the epidemic will limit the movement and consumption of residents and slow the growth of retail loans, especially banks in retail transition.
▪ The higher-than-expected deterioration in the quality of loans: if the exogenous shocks result in a serious deterioration in the quality of assets, the company needs to raise a high provision and the net profit will be seriously eroded.