Accelerated business growth and delays in the cost of immunization - Quarterly Review, 2020 24/04
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 33.5 billion yuan, a 40 per cent increase, a net gain of 910 million yuan to the mother, a 28 per cent decrease to the same year, and a net gain of 830 million yuan to the net gain, a 0.5 per cent decrease to the same year.
\triangleright company o1 continued to lead the industry at a rate of 77% over the same period, only 3% over the same period, mainly in relation to the company ' s direct camp system, which remained operational during the outbreak, as well as the preferential franchise.
The impact of employee subsidies, increased purchases of quarantine materials and higher cost pressures in the company during the first quarter, a decline of 2 pct to 16% over the same period, while out-of-service expenditures increased by 297% to $4.995 million as a result of external donations. The q2 feature is expected to continue to work, with the cost optimization period after the introduction of the slow separation measures.
As a result of the epidemic, short-term below-line consumption is under pressure, but the share of online consumption has been rising, with the share of retail sales in the total retail sales of social consumer goods rising from 23.6% in January-March of this year, up 5.4 percentage points from the same period the previous year, prompting a rapid recovery in the express delivery industry. Since the company launched the power vendor special benefit package last May, we expect to be operating on our own base.
At the same time, the company is gradually optimizing the cost of the preferential items business, using a fast-separation approach to the time-separation of the effects and the power suppliers, which is expected to start in the third quarter of this year.
In the medium and long term, supply chain operations or the creation of a second-growth curve for companies The company supply chain operations continue to grow faster, q1 achieving supply chain revenues of $1.31 billion, an increase of 137 per cent over the same period, and single companies recorded a faster 18 per cent increase in supply chain revenues in March as a result of the base effect of mergers and acquisitions of dhl.
Against the backdrop of the current upgrading of macroeconomic structures, our high-value-added industries, such as electronics, computers, and communications, are entering a rapid phase of development, and the demand for supply chain logistics outsourcing by the firms concerned is rising. And, thanks to corporate investment in technology, infrastructure, and acquisition of supply chain assets, such as Dunhow, we believe that we are at the end of the spectrum.
There is still considerable scope for expansion in supply chain operations, especially with the future introduction of Hyoyo airport, where the company’s transport network is more efficient and is expected to further expand its supply chain clients at the end of the supply chain, drawing on the advantage of the location of the north of the lake. We expect that preferential match-making operations will continue, while companies are gradually taking steps to upgrade the company’s capacity.
In the medium-to-long term, b-side supply chain expansion will bring a second degree of ease of control to the company (002352).
27x Maintenance of the “recommended” rating. New business expansion was not as expected; prices in the express market intensified; capital expenditure increased beyond expectations.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.