In-depth report two: Autonomous brand transformation, smart electric propulsion, automobiles, cars, cars, all-store solutions, and an era of electric intelligence.
In the case of motorization, the three-power technology is comprehensive, including, among other things, the new energy vehicles, the high-voltage power of the power system, and the high-hydrogen technology of hydrogen energy and fuel cells. Smart collars.
The s098051908002 domain, which is oriented towards the development of a cloud-pipe-end integrated pantry solution, includes, inter alia, the Central Ocean (high-precision map), the upper zero beam (building a "zero-band Galaxy 4+1" scenario service platform), and the connection
Genesis (auto-pilot controller development) and investment in momenta, together with the scientific and technological poles of Alibaba, 21.00-23.00 mobileye, Huaieng, Yin Weida, Ali, Tetsu, etc.
In January 2021, the company, together with Zhang Jiangko and Ali, set up a meta-fund investmentl project, which will use a new organizational structure and operating model, focus on Internet technology and intellectual experience, face consumer innovation needs, and
To promote socialized sales patterns. The first type of L7 for high-end pure cars is expected to be produced this year, and the end of the year is expected to be marketed for high-end pure suv-type Ls7. In October 2021, the company set up a flying car, which will separate the r brand from being marketed by flyers with light assets.
The wires are electric vehicles plus smartness, using a marketing model of "new retail without borders." The "r" brand will complement the "l" project. The "r" brand will be used as a brand of new powerful states, with differentiated routes, and the car will be able to position high-end luxury brands and improve the high-end layout of corporate ownership.
The new end continues to improve, and there are valuation opportunities for the autonomous brands. The upper-mortality conglomerates are moving steadily on the side of the electric-smart transformation, multiple-owned new energy vehicle models are being introduced, new end performance continues to be positive, sales are expected to increase rapidly, and profits and valuation bottoms are ready to rise.
Three-quarter review of the Upper Gas Group - 600104 - 2021: third-quarter performance loops: increased branding of electric vehicles, clearer lines of new energy products, continuous upgrading of three-power core technology autonomy, faster layout and development of new energy vehicles; progressive realization of core technologies in the area of intelligence
State Securities - Upwind Group - mid-point rating: 2-quarter performance slightly industrialized, based on cloud-pipe end-of-end full-store solution, Venus on board Zebra Image, " Upload Group - 600104-2020: Performance in line with expectations, new electric intelligence "
In this year's time, the UFO-600104 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Imnew Car Launch, Electric Ages, The Upper Gas Group-600104 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Ten Billion Investment to Create A Smart Car.
Building a full-store solution that opens the age of electric intelligence in a global carbon-neutral context, car smartness is rapidly developing. The new power of car-making, represented by Tesla, has opened up a screen of car electric intelligence, and traditional car companies have accelerated the pace of transformation.
The computing car starts to be applied directly to cars using such technologies as chips, high-performance batteries, basic software. The upper-mortality group pushes deep into the "new quadrupling" strategy of "electrification, smart network connectivity, sharing, internationalization" and strives to improve its performance, while deploying in-depth advances in the innovation chain, throughout the process of re-engineering the global automotive value chain.
The company’s research and development system has been consolidated, with the creation of the Ministry of Forward Technology Research, the Ministry of Technology Management, the Ministry of Information Strategy and Systems Support, and the Centre for Strategic Research and Knowledge Information.
In the light of the strategic and forward-looking vision of driving and driving the future of cars, the upper wind has now formed a super-magnification matrix of electrodynamic intelligence, with not only a rich platform technology, but also a perfect layout.
In the case of electrodynamics, the three-power technologies are comprehensive and include: 1) up-scaling energy, focusing on the development of new energy vehicle power systems; 2) high-hydrogen technology, focusing on hydrogen and fuel cell development. In the area of intelligence, developing cloud-pipe-end integration.
Full-store solutions are in the direction of: 1) China Sea Court, focusing on high-precision map technology development; 2) Soft Company, building a "zero-band Galaxy 4+1" scenario service platform; 3) Autopilot control development, combined with motors; 4) investment in momenta, working with Alibaba, mobileye, Huayung, Ying Wei
Figure 2: Upwards to create a multi-innovated enterprise layout with electric intelligence transformations, pure electricity, plugs, fuel cells in parallel, with the “three-power” core technology constantly breaking through.
The upper-air conglomerates move along three technological lines: pure electricity, plug-in, fuel cell, and deep-deep “tri-electric” technology. From the point of view of the upper-air subsidiaries, we conduct electrical technology analysis, which includes, inter alia, upper power for new energy-powered technologies, high-hydrogen technology for hydrogen energy and fuel cell technology, and technology for battery and battery systems.
The upper-air motor power: the upper-air speed can be used to create integrated development of three power systems, including batteries, electric machines, electrical controls, and hybrid systems. The upper-sea automobiles and the upper-air motors group have invested in the development of the upper-sea express car technology company.
The Shanghai Elevator can rely on the full vehicle development capability of the Shanghai Steam Technology Centre for the development of products of electric-drive-transformation technology and for the development of a system for the development, manufacture and application of electric-property-property-property-property-property-property-driven transmission boxes; and also for the development of battery systems, electrical-electronic technologies and other accessories.
This has accelerated the process of home-grown development and contributed to the construction of a domestic industrial chain of key parts and components for new energy vehicles. Three generation-wide product systems have been created, with continuous technological improvements and improved product performance.
erx5, Marvelx, etc.; the two models er6 and marvel-r of the then-listed r cars adopted a new generation of three electric technologies e1, which optimized on a zero basis to achieve better performance; and e2 represents the next generation of three electric technologies that will be developed on the basis of a new electric platform.
In contrast to eo, e1 and e2, the introduction of 8 floors of hair-pin appliance technology has led to a significant increase in electrical performance. The hair-pin machine, compared to the traditional circular copper wires, can be obtained by improving the shape of copper wrapping.
A higher slot-filling rate would not only increase power density, but would also improve the evaporation of the radiator, and cut the weak operational noise. While the hair-pin bypassing technology is also used, the e1 will double the number of tumbles, from 4 to 8 layers of the e0. More tumbles would help reduce the skin-drawn effect (conductor is in transit).
When current power is converted, internal power flows to the surface of the conductor are condensed) affect electrical performance, thereby increasing power efficiency, power density, and torque density, and prolonging the mileage.
In addition, there will be 150 kw, 180kw and 250kw power plants in the e2 power-driven platform, which will be driven by a single power unit or combination depending on the type of vehicle, and will be further enhanced in light quantitative terms, with 250kw power in the e2 platform with a weight of 85 kg.
Structurally, e1 uses the same axis layout to make vehicles more compact, and e2 returns to the parallel axis layout to build a more robust vehicle. Compared to the eo parallel axis design, e1 uses the same axis layout with the advantage of saving electricity more horizontally, thus making vehicles more compact, and the disadvantage is that vertical space restrictions lead only to support pre-dispulsion.
The engine will return to the parallel axis layout to take a back-to-back layout, and the back wheel will have a greater grip than the front wheel, allowing it to combine with a larger torque engine, which will allow the vehicle to perform better. However, this design will require a higher degree of performance on the vehicle platform.
So starting with the e23 power system, the upper steam will use a new generation of fully self-researched pure electrical structures, thus taking advantage of the small size and high performance of the new generation of power-driven systems. In addition, the e1 power-drive system has already supported local fota, while the e2 power plant will be able to achieve faster, more efficient and more comprehensive fota through 5g technology.
Figure 9: E2 power sets will return to the layout to build a more robust model of the battery. Battery platform technology continues to improve, as reflected in: 1) battery capacity and type: at stage eo, each vehicle will design cells and power-drive systems individually, which is very complex and time-consuming.
The size of the e1 platform has been harmonized for 53kwh, 63kwh and 72kwh batteries, of which 53kwh uses lithium phosphate batteries, system energy density 133wh/kg, 72kwh uses a three-dimensional battery of ncm 523 and the aggregate energy density has reached 180wh/kg. e1 progress has been made, in addition to accommodating different amounts of electricity, with integrated aluminium moths.
On a plate, the cost is reduced by 17 kg. The upcoming e2 battery platform, with a single battery bag of 1690 mm length, 1300 mm width, a battery capacity range of 50-100kwh, a axis range of 2,500-3100 mm, covers basically the entire vehicle type from ao to d level, making up for the large e1 battery capacity.
(ii) Safety: heat out of control levels far above national standards, in the e1 system, 140 mm and 145 mm, e2 will be able to achieve 110 mm, thus giving enough car design space, which will also be shown in figure 11:e1 battery pack structure
Hydrogen Science and Technology: The high-hydrogen technology, established in June 2018, has completed the development of multi-fuel cell reactors and systems with a power of 30kw ~ 140kw and the product is primarily aimed at commercial vehicles. The high-hydrotech technology has four main functions: R & D, testing, manufacturing, hydrogen supply. For the first time, the membrane electrodes have been added.
Cement production lines, which means that not only does it have the autonomous R & D capacity for membrane electrodes, but it also has the manufacturing capacity for membrane electrodes, and that the cost of fuel cells will be further reduced.
A low-cost system architecture has been developed through technological development and application of vehicle-class, high performance, high reliability and high power fuel cell systems. Promep3x has a rated capacity of 117kw and has the advantages of integration, high power density, high durability, high reliability and high environmental adaptability.
The gas age has been dominated by the development, production and sale of power cell modules and systems.
In June 2019, the 10,000th battery package was delineated, and work began on the second phase of the Xiaoyang Power Batteries Project. On the same day, the 100,000th battery bag delineation ceremony was held simultaneously in the upper gas age. The age-era gas operations included lithium ion cells, lithium polymer cells, fuel cells, power cells, development of super-capacity storage cells, and life.
At the end of the year, the power cell system project was scheduled to be launched in June 2018. At the end of the year, the upper steam age (the first phase) will have a capacity of 200,000 packs, and the 14 new power core production lines of the current era will have become operational.
The total area of buildings is over 700,000 square metres, with several advanced power cells and pack (cell packs) production lines, with 350,000 new packs expected to be built by 2024. Data from the Institute of High Industry Research (ggii) show that in 2019 there were 742.88 mwh, and in 2020 there were about 1.6gwh, a similar increase.
In the 2020s, the gas package was 0.78gwh, representing 67.83% of the capacity of the vehicle, and the power cell purchases from the air were gradually shifting from the Ninder era to the cloud-pipe-end integrated whole-store solution, accelerating the intelligent transformation.
In May 2020, the upper-air zero-beam software sub-company was set up and will be fully converted to the user-type high-tech company. The zero-beam-wide solution covers centralized electronic architecture, soa software platforms, smart steam.
Four basic technological solutions for vehicle data plants, all-temperature ota and network security, as well as an end-to-end, end-to-user-to-end smart scenes service platform, called "Zo-Block Galaxy 4+1". Figure 16: Up-load zero-band core business
On the hardware side, the centralized electronic architecture has achieved the penetration, extension and expansion of hardware; on the software side, the soa software platform has achieved the purchaseability, sale and subscription of software; and on the data side, the data factory has achieved intellectual self-learning, self-development and self-evolving.
The creation of zero beams demonstrates the ambition of the upper gas to enter the new track at full capacity, with a series of actions that complete the process of “shattering the spirits”, “ing the roots”, and “building the forces”. “Colding the spirits”, i.e., building a centralized electronic shelf, building an open-oriented software platform for service structures, setting up an all-carry data factory; “Zing the roots”,
It's a new generation of electric vehicle platforms, smart domain controllers, chassis execution systems, etc., and it's a “strength” that invites a number of partners to work together on a cross-brand, cross-platform, cross-carrying software development platform to create a “software car” with user experience at its core.
Centrally centralized electronic structures are the brain and neural network systems of smart cars. Central computing units are the core, which organize intelligent cabins, intelligent driving domains and intelligent interconnected domains organically through high-speed communications technology.
A hardware base is provided for intelligent digitization services. Up-board Soa software platform, the first theoretical system for soa software architecture in the auto industry. On-board zero beams, integrate the entire car's smart control algorithms, sensory devices, and implementation devices into a single service that can be called through
Professional integrated development environment open to third-party developers. Figure 21: Soa software platform. Figure 22: Soa design architecture
Based on the Soa platform, developers are free to develop the service and applications to reach the sea level and to mount it through testing and validation; users are free to subscribe to the service, enabling thousands of people to use it. The Developer platform is an incubator for software products and is an important part of the upper zero-beam soa platform. Through the Developer platform, it is full-fledged open-minded.
A smart car data factory based on the Internet iot program is a digitized vehicle running parallel to the clouds. Through 5g communications and big data technology, it constantly trains the evolution of the ai artificial intelligence algorithms to drive intelligence.
The top-heavy evolution, smart cars will lead to full life cycle self-learning, self-development, and self-evolvement. The full-bureauta and network security solutions are the bottom-of-the-line support for smart cars.
Intergenerational, upgradeable. Along with a zero-barrel, a full-scale smart car network security protection system is built, network security is integrated into the overall smart car R&D process, five layers of cloud, communications, systems, software, hardware are protected, smart car clouds, tubes, integrated network security solutions are created. End-to-end user belts are built.
To make smart cars the third space in which users move. Through more personalized, emotional intelligence services, users are given a more thoughtful and reassuring experience of "caring together" and "caring together."
The latest technology, such as a centralized electronic architecture, soa software platform, will be on top of the high-end smart electric products of wise cars and r cars in the next two years.
In September 2017, the upper steam group signed a strategic investment cooperation agreement with the Wuhan Square group, using the China Sea court, a joint venture between the luminous group and China Haida in Guangzhou, as a platform for in-depth cooperation in technical areas such as high-precision maps, big data, cloud computing, autopilot, etc. After this collaboration, the upper gas invested $146 million in the China Sea court, holding 51% of the shares.
Smart driving is divided into perception-decision-execution of three parts, and core drivers are derived from the development of artificial intelligence technology and sensor technology. However, there are clear limitations to the performance of sensors, on the one hand, by the limited range of visual sensors, such as cameras, and laser radars, on the other hand, by the limited range of sensing and the low degree of long-range sensing; and, on the other hand, by the sensors.
The application is limited by the working environment, the camera may not work in the rain and snow, and the dust in the air will be shadowed, and the laser radar will be activated. The auto-drive prodigious deficiency needs to be remedied by introducing a high-precision map sensor, which can remain normal all day long, dead-end and unlimited in the vehicle process.
As the autopilot moves to level 13+, high-precision maps will become increasingly essential. High-precision maps will play an integrated role in the integration of different sensor data, serving as a platform for multisensor integration, building up a landscape map that is updated in real time. At the same time, driving experience data can also be accessed into high-precision maps, reflecting differences.
The driver controls the driving characteristics of the vehicle and the status of the vehicle at the time of the journey, all of which are based on geo-space coordinates provided by high-precision maps in order to function accurately. Figure 26: Real-time data updates of high-precision maps
In June 2021, China Sea Court's first edition of the 4d-hour digital base, a high-precision electronic map of the national highway, was officially delineated. The product covered the country's highway, with a total mileage of 327,000 kilometres, and had acquired intellectual self-sufficiency.
Single, and participated in the heavy-card pilot at Ocean Hill Harbour. In mapping technology, the product builds high-precision, high-quality, high-reliability bone data across the country, and uses the next generation of ai to map a dynamic, real-time 4d digital base, which combines high-precision mapping with vehicle-borne crowd perception.
In addition, for the first time, the Court made public the concept of a full-scale daas data eco-service, “1+1+n”, the first “1”, “a map of the national highway”, the second “1”, “one medium” and “n”, which should be applied to the product.
Figure 27: The downline of the high-precision map product of China Ocean, the upper-air network electronics, domain control technology that supports intelligent transformation.
Up-to-a-broad-associated electronics: Launched in 2009, it broke the foreign technological monopoly on the electric transfer system (eps) and was the country ' s first autonomous innovation technology firm to successfully produce the iescu and smart brake systems (ibs), whose smart-a-passer systems (ieps) and car-networked smart terminals (ibox) are market rules.
The new four-fold innovation transition, especially in terms of motorization and intelligence, will be strongly supported by a combination of ecu, ibs, ieps, ibox, and four core business lines. The upper-mortality conglomerates and cogeneration electronics are co-arranged in domain controllers, including smart domain controllers, and the 5g module, which works with China, has customized its output.
It's the first time that China has ever made a car certification, perfecting the medium- and high-end layout, i+r enabling the technology transition, and the main whole company belonging to the upper-mortality group, including the upper-car branch, the upper-mortality branch, the upper-middle-middle car, the upper-middle-middle-end car, the upper-middle-middle-middle-mart, the upper-middle-middle-middle-mart, the upper-middle-middle-middle-mart, the upper-middle-middle-mode, the upper-middle-middle-mortex, the upper-middle-mortex, the upper-mart, the upper-mormity, the upper-mart, the upper-mart, the upper-mormity, the upper-morner, the upper-mort, the upper-mort, the upper-mort, the upper-mort, the upper-mart, the upper-b, the upper-mart, the upper-mover, the-mover, the upper-mover, the upper-mover, the-mover, the-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-the-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life, the-of-of-of-of-of-of-life, the-of-of-life, the-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-life, the-of-of-life, the-of-of-of-of-of-life, the-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-
The public, the upper gas, the upper gas, the same type of Mitsubishi, the Nanjing Ivique, the upper gas, the red rock, and the Shanghai Schenwow, all of which have a super-massive brand matrix covering all classes of goods.
The project 'Intelligent Automobile' is located in the Zhangjiang Smart Park in East New District of Dao Pu and is dedicated to becoming "the implementer of the changes of the smart age" and has been launched as a star car, with a projected volume of production this year. The development route for the in-house-incubated r cars is electric car plus smartness, using the marketing model of "New Trade without Borders" and accompanying it.
New life spaces like r-space, r-store, which connect with consumers in a different product posture, interactive mode than in the past, demonstrate the business thinking of upper-bond groups throughout the life cycle of products such as car experience, sales, services, etc. "r" brands will complement "l" projects, and r brands will be a new powerful state enterprise.
Cards, main difference routes, smart cars, high-end luxury brands.r Project (Flying Van): New brands, new retails, new products, new experiences, location, May 2020, Up-Jon Wai brand, high-end electric products.
Cards are officially run independently, becoming the brand of the vans parallel to the Queen's and Lords. Product planning: The r brands have the branded marvel series, the limo-er series, and the suves series, and are ready for the next three years. On August 13, 2020, the r brand's first flag ship, Winnie.
Rer6 is officially listed. Three models have been introduced. After the subsidy, the official instruction cost is $16.28-20.08 million, and Nedc can travel 620 km. In 2020, the second model of the Guangzhou Car Fair R brand – smart power submarvelr – was officially launched, with China offering an initial advance price of $220,000.r
The brand also shows its first flagship, r-auraconcept, figure 30: r brand, r-auraconcept, a retail service system integrated on-line.
The new retail service system is a user-operated system that integrates online and offline, with the experience centres, delivery centres, and the "three-dimensional" layouts of the service continuously moving forward into depth, covering the entire life cycle of "purchase-use-reform-forward" and continuously meeting and surpassing user expectations. As of March this year, the Flying Motor Experience Center has reached 188 places across the country.
From Shanghai to Shanghai, South to Sanya, West to Lang, North to Harbin, with a core business circle of 85 mainstream cities in the country. At the same time, flying cars have a network of 123 after-sales services throughout the country, covering 80 cities, providing users with professional, efficient, transparent, and easy after-sales experience.
Marvell - Technology inwards, and experience outwards, with several key product characteristics: 1) Medium pure electricity suv; 2) 70 kwh battery packs with a total of 500 km; 3) 5g smart cabin, 19.4 inches medium
The controls + 12.3 inch LCD dashboards; 4) Balon 5000 technology platform, level 3 smart driving, rpilot 3.0 support system; 5) whole car ota, car interconnection. Marvelr was listed in February 2021 for $21.98/2398.
Table 3: Configuration separation of marvelr, rpilot 3.0 mind-driving growth pack, 5 g chip plus v2x driving support
4.8s performance package, high performance 4-drive upgrade, three power units, 100-km acceleration 4.8 seconds 93kwh super-long extension package
Large battery version, 93kwh battery, nedc continues more than 700km intelligent driving: supporting the network of 5g vehicles is an outstanding feature of marvel ' s product strength, with some of the functions of 5g being the world ' s premiere. The rpilot autopilot support system mounted by marvelr passes through 11 cameras.
And radar, as hardware support, implants a 5g microchip to achieve visual, radar and hyper-vision triple sense, using 5g high-speed mass information processing to achieve higher-level intelligent driving.
Smart pods: 19.4 inches of controlled large screens integrate all interactive features and connect to 12.3 inches of LCD dashboards. The zebra system mounted by marvell not only allows for voice interactive recognition, intelligent navigation, line-up-down applications, but also supports voice-controlled intelligent driving and mr-mr blending virtual landscape intelligence support systems, for example.
The Venus 2.0 operating system interface is based on a card layout that supports multi-application simultaneous operation, reduces application capacity and improves the fluidity of multitask simultaneous operation.
Up. With regard to the adornment, marvelr is characterized by the use of a combination of a lamp band line and an adornment of different colours to create a front-face style with a closed grid, integrated matrix lamps and arrows running through the taillights. Figure 35: marvelr shape
Figure 36: Marveller Integrated Matrix Lamp 8 December 2021, Autopilot operating platform 1-4 under the company flag - Robotaxi project launch demonstration application in Shanghai. The first 20 Robotaxi (l4 autopilots) were deployed in the project fleet
Motor vehicle), using a class I4 autopilot technology such as a high-calculus platform developed autonomously, a "Visual + Radar" multi-redundant sensor solution, self-researched smart line control chassis products, full-flow-driven algorithms, cloud-pipe-end closed loop automation tool chains, etc.
Rich travel service operations provide users with comprehensive safety and security and intelligent travel experiences. By the end of this year, the Dow Robotaxi project plans to launch 60 L4 autopilots in Shanghai, Suzhou, etc., and to launch r7-Apparent High Level Pure Suv, flying the First Flagship.
It's a very elegant design concept, leading the industry in black technology. As a first medium- and high-end smart electric product based on "r-tech high-energy intelligent body," Flying Vander 7 uses medium- and large-scale suv body form, from the three dimensions of "viability," "intellectual" and "aerodynamic" to "technomy" of intelligent life.
The original concept vehicle. r700 km accelerates 4s or so, re-trafficks 600 km, with direct waterfall oil cooling techniques, peaks and continuous acceleration technology.
Figure 39: r7 Extreme performance, extreme performance, maximum power.
Highest torque, wings, wings.
Through the drl, through the led tail.
ultrawave Continuous acceleration technology at peaks Electric oil cooling heat radiating technology
In the case of intellectuals, Faifr7 has a self-researched high-level intellectual driving program, pp-cemTM, a Pixel-level dot cloud-convergence intellectual driving program, which uses industry-leading Pixel-level ultra-density dome cloud-intelligence technology, equipped with 33 sensory hardware, raising the security level of smart drivers to a completely new height.
The luminar laser radar, which uses 1550 nm light-source technology that is consistent with human eye safety, provides a distance of up to 500 metres. pp-cemTM coordinates with a premium4d imaging radar, which is equipped with cutting edges such as the Inveldorin super-measurement microchip, allows for more accurate multi-scenes object identification.
In the brain module, Flying Vanr7 uses the trinity multi-dimensional sensory interaction system, 43 inches of a truly coloured three-screen Trans-Clan, with a 70-inch large-screen ar-hud viewing system, a high-convergence 8155 chip with high-level voice, state, etc., and supports the soa-defined scenario model. The super-sense hmi machine interacts with each other, opening up emotions and life.
Figure 40: Flying Vanr 7luminar High Standard Laser Radar I (Intelligent Automobile): On top of the back, working with Ali, Kozi Pudong, full of everything.
The ball, the high end I project, is the "Project 1" of the upper steam group, which carries with it the burden of innovation and branding of the upper steam group. In January 2021, the metafund was established, with a total investment of nearly 10 billion dollars, 75% of the upper gas, and 25% of the Jang Gokko.
It is planned to invest with Alibaba in the high-end electric car project (the Smart Automobile), team size, end-21 user-driven: the Smart Automobile is a brand-new user-type auto start-up company that, through large data from users, will create a sustainable development closure of the enterprise value chain and is moving towards a fast-paced product drive.
Households will act as drivers of the entire business chain of enterprise R & D, production, manufacturing, marketing, etc. The data generated by the daily use of cars will be processed by automating artificial intelligence, which will drive product upgrading and branding.
Triangular collaboration: The upper steam group, Zhang Gang Goko and Ali Baba will take full advantage of their respective strengths and provide a strong “end” for their cars. The upper gas group has three power cores, artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, network security and software five innovation centres, and top-notch capabilities in the field of intelligence manufacturing, and is connected to Ali in the car.
The partnership between the network system and the new retailing industry, the joint venture with the British Flying Bulls to create the igbt Core Component Company, the industrial alliance with the Ninder Times on the new energy cell, and the collaboration with China, China, etc. on 5g technology has created a broad and powerful network of intellectual cars. At the same time, the Zhang Gang High Technology Park has a world class.
With high-tech industrial clusters of ecology and core technological resources, such as ai, chip, Alibaba has the synergies of the user community, the Aryan, and the Dharma Academy, among others. Triangular collaboration will provide a full capacity for intelligent cars, helping to take advantage of the world’s first heights in the area of smart cars.
Figure 43: Aariun A.I. Industry: Global layout: Smart Automobiles set up an exclusive intellectual travel institute to create an international development system with a “one-way, three-way” approach. In this case, the entire research and development centre will act as a “cross-axis” for data-driven centres, smart driving centres,
The forward-looking research center is “business-through.” The upper steam design center in London, United Kingdom, focuses on leading design and creative work around the world. It will bring new designs with an international style for intelligent cars: the up-scaling smart driving center in North America has the world's leading smart driving skills, and it will be rickets, v2x, etc.
A multi-pronged effort to empower intellectual car technology; the Upper Gas Innovation Center in Israel has consolidated a number of cutting-edge overseas technologies in the area of artificial intelligence and has landed projects that apply some of them to intellectual cars.
Structural change: Smart cars will adopt a new organizational structure and operating model based on a relatively horizontal flat- level control system, with an emphasis on asset-based research and development, an emphasis on Internet technology and intellectual experience, a face-to-face with new consumer demand, and a socialized marketing model. In terms of distribution channels, traditional 4s shops are also highly likely to be used.
This is replaced by an online sales +underline experience shop model. Smart 1-7 - Six Smart Modules, with top-of-the-line imsmart l7 and ls7 positioning high-end pure sedans and high-end pure power suv, respectively, with more fashionable designs.
The front face is a closed-faced, brand-named logo, and the side of the vehicle is fluid, using a cross-fascine design, which increases the visual length of the vehicle. The new model uses a black glass roof, a high-resolution camera on the top, and a cross-cutting taillight on the tail.
Smart digital architecture: Imjit cars use domain integration central computing numerical architecture and soa “atomization” soft profile architecture. 1) In the domain integration central computing digital architecture, Inveldaxavier (30-60tops) is responsible for ipsd intelligent driving centre, Engji Puimx8 (2tops) is responsible for icc smart computing centre, high-level 8155 (3tops)
In charge of the icm smart cabin centre, Horizon j2 (4tops) is responsible for imate smart partners. The architecture is real-time ttttech multichip real-time data interactions, supporting 1gbps to communicate with the radial speed. 2) In Soa " atomization " software architecture, smart applications can integrate across domains, generate 1000+ smart integration scenes, mainly
It's a super-sense-controlled panorama, small scenes, welcoming scenes, and so on, and it's a combination of cdc, icm, ipd, icc, and so on.
System-level modularization capability to support a multi-screen interface that provides a scene-scene immersion experience with flexible, variable and customized product characteristics. 2) Multi-nucleic isomers, central wisdom deployment: the system is intelligent, multi-accountable, scalable and fully compatible. 3) Smart scenes: 39 inches cutting-edge, up-scalable.
(b) The In-cell technology, with resolution up to 6240x720, supports the smart split screen function. (4) The 2kamoled curvature central screen of 12.8°, with built-in in-think cars, is the first inter-mos operating system worldwide.
(i) Wisdom Carlog carries 150 million top-level pixel cameras, equipped with specialized, single-reflector glass, supported 180° non-aberrant hyperbolic and 4k video shoots, with super LCD (iso 12800), high dynamic range (3dhdr, 104db), time-delayed photography, slow motion photography (480 frames),
A ledisc is made up to support intelligent light piloting, spotlight pedestrian alerts, broad-light blanket guides in the v2x intelligent integration interactive aspects, and whole-scene skin, whole-scene co-creation in the expression of intelligent light.
Smart autopilots: 1) Visual awareness solutions: Im puzzles use Anvedaxavier (30-60tops) chips to match solutions for 15 high-resolution visual cameras, 5 mm wave radars, and 12 ultrasound radars. 2) Laser-compatible software and hardware architecture redundancy program: Im puzzles can at the same time be compatible with Anvedaorinx
(500-1,000+tops) Complementing three laser radar solutions. 3) Doortodorpilot:im is planning to have zero point-to-point automatic driving capability by the end of 2021. 4) Automotive parking & call: At the first-line business centre, at the end of 2021, im puzzles will apply automatic passenger parking & call
Figure 48: Automotive parking technology: (a) transient response to high-stretch double-axis: im smart self-car has a four-wheel-drive, back-axis-driven, 100-km acceleration of 3.9s, electric power of 400kw, switch to 700n.m.) Super-cells:
The new vehicle is branded 93kwh, with a high of 115kwh battery, which is developed in conjunction with Ninder Time, with a energy density of 300wh/kg (single body) and a zero-power reduction of 200,000 (nedc) to achieve the highest level of safety that will never self-fired. 3) No refilling: the new vehicle supports wireless recharge and achieves cm heights.
Precision-set automatic parking. Smart luxury: 1) Smart whole car architecture: im smart self-cars customised with Williams' exclusive chassis, aligned to global 5-star security standards, with all-aluminium territory with the front fork arms plus the back 5-string. 2) Line-controlled mind-driving
Retrievals to power machines. 3) Smart spaces: new car types full-time with double-story static glass and smart four electrical openings, closed systems (open + inhaling), with European domestic interior air quality, semi-methamphetamine skins in Bavarian, Germany, and real wood panels in the 45° Komo Lake North, Italy.
Figure 50: The fine interior of a smart car, the construction of a digital marketing system, the acceleration of the toc transformation, the intelligent electrodynamic transformation of the automobile industry as a whole, and the significant impact on the channels and marketing strategies of automobile sales
According to the Big Data Report on the Automobile Industry in China 2018-2019, published by the MicroCar Data Institute, the model for the sale of cars, in addition to the traditional 4s shop, has also risen rapidly, with brand-made direct sales outlets, auto supermarkets, car financial leasing, etc.
Automobile marketing is moving towards verticalization of delivery channels, productization of advertising services, and precision in marketing, and the focus on new energy cars is gradually shifting to relatively high intelligent cars and r cars, and the flag car companies will build up “toc” capabilities, moving from “product-centred” to “use-based” ones.
The shift from a digitalized life cycle of users such as car making, selling, using, and living in cars, to real-time high-frequency data from the user's operations, and then to feed the data back into the business subjects, form closed rings and create value. The brand-new "diploma" reflects the dynamic of "new up" and uses young people's energy.
At the same time, sub-enterprises, such as auto-cars, car-car-cars, car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-in-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-in-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-in-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-age, are also using their own opportunities to accelerate the release of new products from the E-fi-to-to-user system, are also actively promoting business-to-to-reach.
In the future, it is expected to develop a new digital marketing system that combines its own channels, channels of cooperation, channels of payment, and cross-routing to create an integrated platform for the seamless experiences of consumers in digital channels and to adopt a new system of marketing.
The digital performance assessment system has increased roi and strengthened the user experience, resulting in: (i) efficiency integration, the creation of a leading industry, the creation of a car-borne digital marketing biosphere; (ii) a lean integration of resources and improved marketing efficiency; (iii) data flow through Internet thinking, breaking traditional marketing barriers and improving the ability to turn leads; and (iv) architecture.
Building a system for digital marketing operations and management of channels, both internal and external. On a site-specific basis, r brands promote a “new retail without boundaries” model, focusing on Internet genetics, creating a completely new service channel for online integration, operating throughout the user-centred life cycle, and adopting a new service line that will be used to provide the Internet with access to the Internet.
Order-based direct sales and a uniform and transparent price system that builds the r brand as a co-building space for user relationships. Meanwhile, the r brand has built a three-dimensional direct camp system based on r-space, r-store, r-delivery, and now 30 experiences.
The heart has been covered in 18 cities. r The car also combines calls, appeasement charge, star charge, and national grid push. r-power, which has access to data from 300,000 charge posts, has a Commissioner's on-site power supply service, which provides users with more accurate, comprehensive, dynamic, real-time charge-stamp queries and navigational planning information.
Figure 55: r-space restructuring, new product improvement, value-reflection machines in autonomous brands Structural restructuring, creation of an innovative research and development complex, listing of undistributed hydrogen
In March 2022, the company announced that it would create a new upper-mortality group centre for innovation research and development and that it would implement integrated management with the former upper-mortality group technology centre. The upper-mortality group centre for innovation research and development is the research and development platform at the level of the company's auto ownership brand, which will be responsible for the integration (package) of the vehicle ownership brand.
It includes hardware and software, coherent development of architecture technologies and common high-value modules, forward-looking technologies and advanced processes and related capabilities, and through the effective implementation of market-based incentives for technicians, contributes to the creation of a leading international research and development platform for “technology innovation, team entrepreneurship, personal growth”.
To integrate five major information technology centres and create a research and development team of more than 10,000 people. The General Institute for Innovation Research and Development will fully integrate the five major information technology centres (software, artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, network security), the Car Technology Centre, the Overseas Innovation Centre (United Kingdom, Israel, North America) and so forth.
In the future, the General Institute for Innovation Research and Development will accelerate the deployment of a rapidly iterative technology architecture platform, increase investment in hardware research and development, create several domestic and overseas branches, and build a global research and development team of more than 10,000 people.
Figure 56: Innovative Research and Development Institute, personalized and customized, working together on major issues
• The upper-carbon group will feed new energy sources through the chain of innovation, targeting intellectuals, supernovaes, valorists.
Autonomous brands such as Will, mg and others, with the characteristics and characteristics of the industry and its subsidiaries and overseas operations.
The new research and development department will demand a variety of innovations.
The ring, forming a combined driving base, fast and effective "dating" technique, whole car structure.
On different products, strong R & D efficiency, for innovation (including software, hardware),
The power to drive the diversity of the entire product, to create a powerful technology base, to make R & D and innovation products available.
Common high-value modules, forward-looking technology development, full effort to close down new smart terminals --
The General Institute for Innovation Research and Development will provide a source-driven driver for the new races and new developments. It is also using the new energy smart network vehicle as the main vehicle around the "high-end smart electric brand" smart-ass cars, the "user-led data-driven technology company" flying cars, the "robotaxi" and the upper steam.
On March 10, the Academy of Innovation Research and Development announced a strategic collaboration between the two sides around design, intellectuals, smart tanks, and the co-founder model.
In-depth collaborations have been developed, inter alia, on electricity, integrating innovative R & D resources, accelerating the deployment and landing of forward-looking technologies, and further developing the medium- and high-end smart motor vehicle market. According to the strategic cooperation agreed between the two sides, the flying car will be used by the General Institute for Research and Development of Upper Aerial Innovation.
The Peifang Convergence Centre model is deeply integrated, with deep exploration and co-creation in the areas of smart car design and development, smart driving technology, storage, smart cabin software and hardware integration and landscape applications, thus improving overall development efficiency, responding quickly to user needs, and leading to the upgrading of the smart car industry.
The first one came down this year with a car-like windmill. Under the lead of the Faifan Design Co-inventor Centre, Flying seven uses a full-scale p-cemtm pixel-level cloud integration program with high-end laser mines from Luminar, premium4d imaging radar, super-calculatory microchip from Investorintm, boosted version remote cloud angles.
Global top-of-the-art configurations, such as radar, raise the experience and safety levels of smart drivers to a completely new height. Figure 58: Flight 7 smart configurations, split-up hydrogen innovation panels. Companies directly hold 4.6211% of the equity in high-hydrogen technology, total direct/intermediate companies.
The Japanese company plans to separate Shanghai Tyet and Technology Ltd. from the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Hydrogen Fuel Cells. Automobile industry development has moved from technology exploration to the early stages of commercialization.
According to the White Paper on the Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Cell Industry in China, hydrogen energy will be an important component of China’s energy system.
In part, about 10 per cent of the energy system in 2050, the demand for hydrogen gas was 60 million tons, and 10,000 hydro-hydrogen plants were hydrogen fuel cell taps. In 2019, the total installed capacity of the fuel cell system was 128mw, the number of installed stations was 2782, the number of associated enterprises was more than 20, and the market share of the top five was 87.4 per cent.
12.6 per cent, ranked fifth. Figure 60: Structure of fuel cell output in 2019
Manufacturing, hydrogen supply four main functions, line-covering membrane electrodes, fuel cell reactors, fuel cell systems, whole series of hydrogen storage systems.
The new end of the autonomous brand has continued to improve, and the build-up can take place. The upper-mortality conglomerates have steadily advanced in the transformation of electric intelligence, with multiple new autonomous brands of new energy vehicles being rolled out, and new end performance has continued to improve, with the promise of a rapid upswing in sales, profit and valuation base.
The Autonomous New Cars Matrix is rich and the new product cycle is about to open. 1) Smart cars: Smartass brands match over $300,000 in the market, positioning high-end + luxury, and its first-end L7 is looking to be high-end smart and pure sedans, which are expected to be high-end vehicles on board and expected to be delivered in 2022. In addition, smartass brands are expected to launch new cars this year.
Type ls7, positioning high-end smart, medium-medium suv, and hopefully building a more complete product matrix. 2) On board the car: according to the company, the r sign, the glorification and the title brand are currently working on at least 14 new models, with a clear distinction in positioning: r for the 20-300,000 market, with emphasis on technology + high end; and the classics.
The medals are the main price of $10-2 million, mainly for sports and overseas markets; the Queens brand is aimed at $10-20 million in the market, and they continue to focus on “comfort + space” and continue to expand in the direction of value for money. In the case of electricization, a stand-alone electric brand has been created, and new energy lines have become clearer, among them, upper-mortality groups.
In collaboration with Ali and Zhang Jiang Gokko, build high-end electric smart car brands, take cars and create r brands, medium-to-power high-end electric smart cars. In addition, three power core technology autonomy continues to increase, driving new energy sources, faster vehicle layout and development. In the area of intelligence, progress is being made towards industrialization of core technologies based on cloud-based technology.
The tube-end-of-the-store solution introduced the global first-class 5-g-crossed mass-car marvelr and, in conjunction with Ali, built the zebra mind-walking vus system, which, in addition, is the first time that the smart-wing os will land on the first line of the smart-ass car, model l7.
As the effect of the company's transformation becomes apparent, the product is more responsive to user needs and more competitive. The grand light series for the general Mitsubishi industry is aimed at a functional niche market of less than $100,000, occupying the position of champion in the new energy car sales, which continued to be marketed after the roll-out of the car type of Mitsubishi macromini, with 30,100 vehicles sold in June 2021, up from the same rate.
In addition, the Mitsubishi macrominiev convertible will be officially launched next year, and is expected to contribute further to its sales. The intellectual brand 's lead car 'L7', a high-end smart and pure sedan, has acquired more than 60,000 intended customers since the launch of the Shanghai Car Fair in April this year, with the first 2,000 orders being stolen during the show.
More than 55% of the post-90 client ratio represents a high degree of recognition among young people for the location of the company’s products. The rds are already on the market for two models, er6, marvelr, and the new product es33 is expected to be on the market in 2022.
Major new energy sales are rising rapidly, leading to a rapid increase in profits and valuations. Autonomous brands have great potential, and valuations are at the bottom of the spectrum.
pe (growth car companies entering profit periods) with a lower value rating of pb (a mature car company entering a smooth sales phase). In the past, uplifts relied mainly on popular and universal support sales, and autonomous brand sales had some scope for upgrading compared to home-owned brand companies such as Gilly, Wall, Biadi, and there was an increase in valuations both horizontally and vertically.
Vertically, in recent years, the valuation of car companies such as Gilly, Wall and Biadei has been on a long-term upward trend, particularly since 2020, in Tesla’s national production, new power of car construction and the introduction of a self-contained electric smart car model.
The city and Jili experienced a relatively large increase, with a peak of 104 per cent, 343 per cent and 315 per cent respectively in 2020, compared to vehicles such as Yugili, Wall and Biadi, where the current valuation of the upper gas is at the bottom of the range, with a significant difference of 0.7.gili (1.5), Grand Wall (4.5) and Biadi (8.1) on 28 March 2021.
Since 2020, there has been a rapid increase in the valuation of the representative car companies with autonomous brands. Using the market value/volume sales valuation method, we have applied the market value/volume sales multipliers for Bitasla, disassembly of new car-making forces such as pelicans, americas, ideals, and remodeling of the value of cars such as Biadi, the Wall, Gilly, and so on.
The rapid growth in the sales of new energy vehicles will clearly lead to a rapid increase in valuations. In the future, wind and gas will gradually increase the input and construction of electric and smart car brands. This will also be part of the process of re-engineering of the valuation, which is expected to meet figure 67: arguably/ideally/predictable re-engineering under the market value/volume method (millions of dollars)
Figure 68: Biadi/Jili/Gaza value recast under the market value/volume distribution method (millions of dollars) our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
In terms of joint venture brands, in 2021, in the context of the industry's lack of cores, the upper public, in Shanghai General, sold 1.2 million vehicles, 1.33 million vehicles, a change - 17%, -9%. In the context of chip improvements and low stock levels, we expect the upper public to do so as a result of multiple vehicle types such as the Audi, the popular id series, and the Cadillac lyriq.
On the autonomous brand side, as the l+r project lands, the whales, r7s, etc. are being delivered on a continuous basis, and the cars are on board, based on our judgement of the volume of vehicle sales, we expect to achieve a downward trend in the overall volume but cost of the fleet in 2022-2025. Meanwhile, companies are continuously investing in research and development, with total R & D costs expected to be high.
Taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's soundness.
The absolute valuation is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. We have selected the Changon cars, the Hiroshima group, the Great Wall car group, and the Upper Group four autonomous car companies as comparable companies.
230, 214, 127, 5.46 million, respectively, are autonomous brand leaders; with regard to digitalization and electric transformation, the Changan car, the Hiroshima group, the Wall bus, and the upper-air group were well placed to build the money. Reference can be made to a well-developed corporate product matrix, with multiple vehicles on the market, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Between dollars, but the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the calculation of the company's free cash flow over the next few years, the calculation of the weighted average capital cost (wacc), the assumption of tv and the selection of parameters for comparable company valuations, which incorporate many individual judgements, leading to the risk of deviations in the valuation, specifically
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a risk-free rate of 3.00 per cent and a risk premium of 12.00 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be a margin of appreciation or appreciation for these parameters.
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 1 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may make significant adverse changes in the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvaluation of the company ' s valuation.
In terms of relative valuation, we have compared the relative valuation indicators of the long-ann automobile, the Hiroshima Group, the Great Wall Autonomy brand, and the average pere of comparable companies in 2023 as a reference for relative valuation, together with the risk that prices are expected to be optimistic and thus overestimate performance over the next three years.
In the early stages of the company ' s new energy vehicle model, the country accelerated the phase-out of traditional vehicles, raised the double-centre standard, or brought cars as optional consumption, subject to macroeconomic trends, with greater impact on consumer income expectations and confidence, if the economy continued to decline, or had a negative impact on the company ' s operations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject