Use of Friends Network (600588.sh) Annual Report 2023. In 2023, the company achieved operating income of $9,796 million, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the previous year; and realized a net return to the mother.
By the end of the year, the business organizational model had been upgraded from a region-based to an industry-based one, while the medium-sized enterprise client business had continued to operate on a regional basis but with a unified, vertical organization.
The phased impact of the Division’s operations and performance has passed, and the company’s operations are gradually on a good growth path. Launching a large business service model, Yongptt, giving the industry a leading client billion yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period, with cloud services generating $6.34 billion, an increase in the same year.
The model yongpt, which can be adapted to the mainstream generic language model at the bottom, achieves business operations, human interaction, knowledge generation and application generation through the provision of universal competency services, area services and industry services Business intelligence in four areas, covering finance, manpower, marketing, research and development, procurement, manufacturing, supply
In the areas of production management and management of enterprises, such as chains, projects, asset operations, synergies, etc., large models of business services with a multiplicity of research-friendship networks (600588.sh) in the field of securities companies in China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
The annual report provides an overview of the progress made in upgrading the organizational model and the momentum for contracting the contract. Xu Xu, China Minerals, Far East Digital Intelligence, etc., has chosen to use yongpt, the world’s top 500 companies and industry leaders, to achieve more intellectual development.
Research-Friends Network of National Dollar Securities Corporations (600588.sh) 2022 Launching the Globalization 2.0 Strategy, Continuous Growth of the Overseas Atlas Reporting Point Review: Strong Growth of Collections, Active Increased Strategic Inputs
In 2023, the company launched a globalization 2.0 strategy to expand markets in Europe, North America, the Middle East, and Japan, while continuing to deepen its regional operations in Hong Kong, Adotai, and South-East Asia. The company’s overseas deployment was further improved to cover a growing number of offshore customers and local customers abroad, including Hong Kong, China.
Many prominent companies such as Bay, Electric International, China-Turkish Group, China-Malcote International, China-Kampon Group, and local companies such as Concorde, Waihai International, and the army of ssk jewellery, kemple, chs, mcc, raffles
Institution, elken, inti, evergreen, hrc, etc., have all chosen to use their friends’ products and services to drive corporate globalization, informatization, and digital transformation. As a global leading provider of corporate cloud services and software, companies have been focusing on information technology.
In the area of applications and services for industry and public organizations, there is much room for sustained growth in the future. The forecast of the company ' s 2024 - cloud transformation is less than expected; the risk of new product R & D and diffusion being less advanced than expected; the risk of brain drain; the risk of increased competition in the industry as more producers enter the corporate cloud services market; and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.