A summary of the 2020h1 report: the rules have been established and there is room for more housing and housing development (600048.sh).
2021 is more of a center city with long triangles.
Annual inventory: the structural characteristics of the 2020 housing stock are clear, high-energy levels are uncertain whether the industry will continue to grow under the current circumstances, but it is not certain that it will be able to do so.
Industry research: Why would Changsha become a model of national learning? It is likely that the market rate of high-quality housing companies, especially like Paulie, will increase further.
Business Research: The ultimate option for the expansion of South China Houses: occupation, the development of a kind of large-scale state with an advantage in land storage and credit.
Land is a developer's ammunition, developing earth storage distribution and soil storage from Paulie Business studies: From Vankoa's view of the growth and performance of head houses, earth storage is located in core urban clusters and high-energy cities, as well as high stock levels, etc.
Business studies: "Back," re-starting, and looking at the green city characteristics mean that companies have more valuable development resources. In terms of policies at the industrial level and the performance of markets in different cities, Paulie's development is excellent.
Qualitative genes and earth storage configurations will help companies to further increase their market share. In addition to the advantages of soil storage and credit, which are likely to increase their market share, firms currently have sufficient unsold resources, low financing costs, and robustness.
The real estate sector, which has experienced a steady downswing since July 2021, is also currently at the policy level emphasizing a reasonable demand for housing and a new one.
People’s housing needs, local governments like Chengzhou, are also regulating policies and setting the signal of profit. Industry may be heading towards the Black Iron Age, but the Black Iron Age is a little rain.
Not the end point. Even in the Black Iron Age, high-quality firms are still worth a period of rainyxy (microsigns) to further consolidate and strengthen their competitive advantages and achieve long-term high quality.
When the industry enters the black iron age, the division between housing firms becomes even more pronounced.
Qualitative genes, and previously neglected advantages, are more evident in the black and iron age. If we compare the development of Paulie with other private firms of the same size, in the last two years it may have been common for everyone to argue that the growth of the disease has been steady, for example, in terms of the size and length of the increase, limited growth and exclusion from the top three levels of the industry.
However, when major adjustments are made in the industry, historically robust features have also become an advantage for firms. For example, soil storage and credit advantages may lead to a further increase in the market share of firms; the wealth of unsold resources, low financing costs, and a sound financial structure that gives firms greater scope for profit.
Further, how to seize the opportunities of the moment is also relevant and, in this context, we recommend that enterprises seize the opportunities on the investment side and produce good products in order to further consolidate and strengthen their competitive advantages and achieve long-term high-quality, one-land storage and credit advantages that help to increase market ownership.
In the current context, it is uncertain whether the industry will continue to grow in size, but there is a potential for further increases in market occupancy by high-quality housing enterprises, especially large-scale countries with indigenous storage and credit advantages, such as Paulie.
Land is a developer’s ammunition, and in terms of the development of earth storage distribution and soil storage in Paulie, the fact that it is located in core urban clusters and high-capacity cities, as well as in high-capacity cities, means that businesses have more valuable development resources. In terms of investment layout, Paulie is developing land reserves that are distributed among the most promising urban groups in China, such as Penang.
For example, according to the company ' s mid-2021 data, 6% of the land reserves to be developed by the company are located in first-line cities, 16% in core second-line cities, and 37% in ordinary second-line cities.
Land reserves are as high as 51 per cent. Chart: Distribution of the ready area for sale in the large urban population (Hampym)
Chart: Distribution of unsold area in energy-grade cities in 2021H1 Paolí (m2) and, second, the amount of land stored. According to the amount of land stored to be developed, as of 30 June 2021, the amount of land to be developed in enterprises is 72.95 million m2 of land to be developed and the ratio of land to be developed is as high as 2.3 years (success ratio = to be developed)
In terms of the distribution of the earth reserves, the quality of the earth reserves developed in Paulie is relatively good; in terms of the amount of land stocks to be developed, the adequate land reserves can support the normal progress of the development operations.
There is greater flexibility, such as making decisions about the heat of the land market in the light of urban housing market prospects. Since its listing in 2006, the size of Paulie’s development in real estate development business has increased across the board, with a sudden break of 100 billion in 2012, rising to 534.9 billion yuan in 2021 and with a pre-eminence, resource advantage and size advantage, firms’ markets
In terms of the size of the sale, enterprises have reached a high level of size, but in terms of policies at the industry level and the market performance of different cities and cities, the quality genetic and earth storage configurations developed by Paulie will contribute to a further reference to the market share of the enterprise, either in terms of the three red lines or in terms of the centralization of real estate loans, or in terms of the concentration of the supply of housing, or even out.
The increase in the number of venture housing companies is better than that of large, financially sound corporations. For example, the increase in the number of venture housing firms will yield a share of the market in the event of a cash-flow crisis in some private housing firms; the higher visibility and creditworthiness of the head office makes it easier to absorb this part of the demand.
According to the company’s monthly sales data, between October 2021 and February 2022, Paulie’s development experienced a sharp decline in the housing market’s size compared to that of his counterparts in a single month, with a lower impact in the lower market.
Since the second half of 2021, when the market shifted from heat to cold, although the industry has been characterized by a double drop in the market space and sales volume for one month, at the city level, there is a marked urban divide, with high-energy urban housing becoming more resilient and low-capacity cities falling sharply.
The high-energy urban demand base, even after the addition of the regulatory policy, is still large, which means that demand remains strong under the regulatory plus. It is clear that housing firms in high-capacity cities have experienced a significant release of demand over the years in terms of marketing their products, and demand is now in the build-up phase of a new round.
In the preceding paragraph, by dismantling Paulie’s structure of land reserves to be sold in mid-2021, it is easy to find that the land reserves of enterprises are concentrated in core urban clusters, as well as in high-energy cities.
Second, beyond size, there is a comparative advantage in profitability, which, in addition to the potential of soil storage and credit advantages to increase the market share of enterprises, is currently ample and unsold resources, low financing costs and a sound financial structure that gives businesses greater scope for profitability.
First, there are sufficient deposits and pre-sales to ensure a smooth carry-over of business income. According to data for the middle of 2021, up to 57,675,000 square metres (cumulative contract area - cumulative carry-over area) have been sold by the enterprise; the pooling of unsold resources will contribute to the carry-over of the enterprise’s future operating income.
Since 2019, the cost of integrated financing for the development of Paul has been declining steadily and has been below 5%. For real estate developers, external financing is one of the core sources of production, and cheap financing helps to reduce interest spending on businesses and thereby expand the scope for profit.
Third, the cost of taking land is strictly controlled. In view of the trend in the average price of new storage buildings in Paulie, the price of land in Paulie’s development has always remained relatively constant. Given the time lag between the acquisition of land by the company and the realization of the presales, the higher the price of the presales and the longer it takes, the assumption is that it will take one year to get the land to presell them.
Using the average market price of the property and sales, it was found that the share of land sold between 2015 and 2020 was in the range of 35-46%. It was clear that strict cost-control would make business more profitable and help maintain gross profit margins in the industry after the industry’s continuing low market, with home firms increasing their performance, raising their repayment rates, and so on.
The increase in the number of venture housing firms has also made residents more likely to choose the product of a foreign country, which at least does not default on its debt, and also has a higher probability of delivering the product on schedule. In contrast, the product of a foreign country has a certain credit premium, i.e., to make it more price-free, and to have more customer choice.
Fifth, at the financial level, the three red lines remain green, sound corporate risk factors are lower, and easy access to finance is easier
There are lower financing costs; finally, land resources, and financial resources tend to be further tilted toward the country as the current venture capital companies continue to grow. Combining the above-mentioned analysis of investment, sales, financing, etc., we believe that Paulie will either gain a higher share of the market, as well as greater profitability.
While the real estate sector has gone down continuously since July 2021, the current policy level is also emphasizing the need to ensure that the population has a reasonable demand for housing, that the housing needs of the new citizens are protected, and that local governments, such as Chengzhou, are also regulating regulatory policies and releasing them.
Moreover, by the end of 2021, China’s rate of urbanization reached 64.72%, although it has reached a certain level, but there is still room for further improvement. Overall, the industry may be heading toward the “Black Iron Age,” but the “Black Iron Age” is not the end point.
In terms of investment, (1) the acquisition of shares of venture partners and the raising of equity shares. On the one hand, the state supports and supports them.
In a situation where loans are purchased and M&As are not included in the three red lines, the project equity ratio can be raised through M&As and profits can be enhanced; on the one hand, as a partner, the information on cooperative projects is more adequate and more manageable in terms of risk. (2) Strong cooperation will further expand the advantages of scale.
In 2021, cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou and Ningbo were supplied with scarce plots and attracted one.
In our view, the country is the most financially powerful house and, in a weak land market, the price of land and premium rates are relatively low, the price of investment is higher, the company can supplement the quality of the products, enhance product research and development, and increase product power. One of the reasons why residents recognize the products of the country more favourably.
This report is based on publicly available information considered reliable by the billion-Han think tanks, including, but not limited to, the company’s company.
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.