We'll get rid of the baggage and improve the balance.
• More robust harvests and pops, which continue to build up asset quality at a lower rate of 11.89 pct net profit returns in the first three quarters than in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of company initiatives to increase the size of the provision, while accelerated expansion and tax cuts have had a positive impact; receipts and pops have increased at a higher rate than in the first half of the year.
Declines of 1.95 pct and 2.24 pct, with a more robust performance. We believe that companies are investing in the quality of their assets, laying the foundation for the future lightly, and that short-term profit recovery is a release of savings for future performance.
The net interest gap of the previous three quarters was 1.77%, with a flat ring balance, and there is much room for improvement in the future: at the end of the asset, companies continue to rise with a relatively high rate of return on their loans, pushing the retail transition. While the impact of the epidemic has temporarily tilted credit lending towards public and private housing loans, asset-end pricing pressures are expected to ease as retail operations get back on track.
Companies continue to increase their share of relatively low-cost deposits, with greater room for structural optimization, and are expected to reduce cost pressures. • Implicit non-performing loans generate less pressure and retail downsides
Companies have increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans, with an increase of 3bp to 1.22% at the end of the three seasons, but the interest rate, overdue ratio, overdue loan ratio, 16bp, 34pct and 35bp, respectively, have decreased the pressure on hidden non-performing loans.
And 4bp, which is expected to improve the quality of assets in the future, with higher rates of public malfeasance but less pressure on negative generation. Companies are investing in the creation of sophisticated banks, with retail transition as a “best priority.”
An average valuation level of 0.96 times that of a listed comptoir. Maintains a “recommended” rating.
As a result of the company’s initiative to increase the size of the provision, the main positive factors are the acceleration of scale expansion and the increase in tax revenues.
We believe that the firm’s efforts to improve the quality of its assets and lay a solid foundation for the future to lighten up, and that the short-term profit boom is a way to unleash savings on its future performance. The firm’s net profit margin has risen steadily since 2019.
6bp, which is the highest level in nearly three years, compared with the first half of the year. We believe that there is still much room for improvement in the future net interest differentials for companies: asset-end: the company continuously raises the relatively high ratio of lending to interest-bearing assets, and the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets has been strategically positioned from 2016 for retailing the “highest priority” and has increased the investment of personal consumption loans with higher rates of return.
The average annual compound growth rate of individual consumer loans is 84.96 per cent. It is higher than the rate of 39.28 per cent per annum. Although affected by the epidemic this year, corporate lending has tended to favour public business.
At the end of the last three quarters of the year, corporate active debt stood at 39.98 per cent, and was ranked first in the upper-market comptoirs.
In the short term, as market interest rates have returned to pre-epidemiological levels, there is limited scope for future upswings, and the negative effects can be controlled: in the long run, companies are expected to benefit even more from lower market interest rates and higher levels of corporate active indebtedness. Companies are expected to continue to lower interest rates, and it is hoped that the debt-end cost pressure will be eased.
Figure 6: Shanghai Bank ' s active debt ratio is first in the upper city comptoirs and second in the whole listing banks. Figure 7: State debt returns have largely recovered to pre-epidemiological levels.
Companies increase the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans by raising the cost of annualized non-performing loans in the third quarter to 57 bp and 98 bp to 1.75 and 2.34 per cent respectively. The negative rate at the end of the third quarter is 1.22 per cent, a small increase of 3 bp, but it is still at a low level in comptoirs in the upper city. Given that the negative rate may be affected by the company ' s proactive recognition process, we are all concerned.
Consider the pressure of hidden non-performing loans. At the end of the three seasons, the interest group loan size ratio dropped by 4.97%, the interest ratio dropped by 16 bp to 1.79%, the overdue loan ratio by 34 pct, the late loan ratio by 35 bp, and the exposure to hidden non-performing loans decreased by 1.15% for individual loans and advances at the end of the three seasons, and the asset quality decreased by 9 bp from the end of the two seasons.
The poor pressure on individual loans is concentrated mainly in consumer loans and credit cards. The size of consumer loans at the end of the three seasons, the size of loans and credit card loans, is expanding, and retail failure rates are expected to continue down. According to estimates, the poor rate of loans at the end of the three seasons is 1.25% for public (including discounts) and 9bp higher than the end of the two seasons.
This decline represents a reduction in future pressure on public non-performing loans. The country’s epidemic is under control, business recovery is advancing steadily, and repayment capacity is increasing steadily.
The core-level capital will be further replenished in the future as the fungibles are released and gradually transferred, laying a solid foundation for the expansion of the company’s size. Companies are investing in the creation of sophisticated banks, with retail transformation as “the top priority” – and consumer credit as the epidemic improves in the future.
In order to improve, the transition is expected to get back on track. The company has a positional advantage, with loans distributed mainly in the economically developed areas of the long triangle, the tricorns, and the Ribbon Sea. According to data released by the local Superintendency of Silver Insurance, banking failures in Shanghai have long been below 1%. Economic activity and good asset quality provide a fertile soil and a solid foundation for firm growth, and companies are exposed to risks.
I've been working in finance, household electricity, and colour-related research. I worked in Chinese banks. In 2019, the author joined the Chinese Securities Association’s securities advisory qualification or considerable professional competence to ensure that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,