One billion latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) issued a revised performance announcement for the first three quarters of 2019, which projected a high demand for etc and smart meters in the third quarter of 2019 and a “volume up” of lithium primary batteries.
In May 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Transport jointly issued the Programme for the Implementation of the Electronic Freeway No Parking Fast Pay Application, which is scheduled to be available nationwide by the end of 2019.
The company is the main supplier of tc-composite power and will continue to benefit from etc ' s massive penetration in the second half of the year. (2) Smart meters: smart meter modifications have been gradually completed in the country since 2009, and the schedule is now entering replacement week.
The 2019 call for tenders for national smart meters has accelerated, further driving the demand for lithium primary batteries. The consumer lithium ion battery has steadily increased, and the tri-cylinder battery has entered the productive release period. (1) Dithium ion cells for digestive purposes: the company’s market for applications in the field of electromagnetizers and smart wear subdivisions is already in place.
The result is a rapid increase in the occupancy rate. (2) Three-dimensional cylinder batteries: the company's three-cylinder, 1865, has been transformed into a consumer battery, has been successfully cut into the tool and two-wheeled electric vehicle market, and has entered into a full power cell phase-out, with a soft-pack cell expanding. The company is building the capacity of the power cell.
It has developed a certain size, with the production lines of a rectangular lithium phosphate battery and a soft package of three-dollar batteries. (1) Lithium phosphate battery: the company currently produces 2.5gwhyl phosphate battery with an expected additional 3.5gwh at the end of the year and is now providing products to clients such as Nanjing Kinglong, Chungzhou Woo-tung and Gilly.
(ii) Three-dollar soft-bag batteries: the company has obtained international approval from high-end customers, including Daimler, modern Kia, and has obtained orders and vendor-selected reports. Meanwhile, the company or subsidiary, billion latitude Asia, is about to sign a joint venture contract with the Korean ski to build 20-25gwh power.
Battery production to actively advance the company's development in the field of new energy batteries will become a company's future industry, with a strong demand for lithium primary batteries, a steady increase in the consumption of lithium ion batteries, a three-dimensional battery, a battery entering the productive release period, a gradual release of power cell operations, and a high investment from McWall.
$M, $2.75, corresponding to the current stock price of 23.2 times, 16.2 times and 12.0 times, covering for the first time the policy risk of electronic smoke; 2) the risk of increased competition; 3) the risk of fluctuations in raw material prices; 4) the risk of new production capacity not advancing as much as expected.