The Centre for Resource and Environmental Research has outperformed its expectations, and the electronic smoke and battery business has increased together, and the company achieved $4.58 billion in revenue in January-September 2019, an increase of 52.1 per cent over the same period; and achieved a net return on maternity.
1.160 billion yuan, or 205.9 per cent in the same year; 1.13 billion yuan in the net profit from non-repatriation, a significant increase in the performance of the same period q3: 2.05 billion yuan in the same year and 81.9 per cent in the ring, 43 per cent in the same year; 660 million yuan in the net profit from repatriation, or 199.2 per cent in the same year and 192 per cent in the ring, respectively
The main reasons for the overperformance of q3 were: 1) the return on the McWear e-smoking investment was over-expected.
113.6%, 47%, and the significant increase in return for investment is mainly due to the over-predictment of McWear's e-smoking business 2. "E-smoking continues to increase steadily - billion years: 2) Battery business profits increase significantly. The company q3 Māori rate is 33.2%, compared to the ring ratio.
Increase by 13.1 pct, 8 pct, about $380 million in operating profits after deducting investment returns, with a corresponding, ring score 3. Power Batteries Focus Square, where electronic smoke continues to increase by 412% and 363%.
The company’s battery business has grown significantly because of: 1) etc batteries. The State Department has requested that the highway provincial toll station be largely eliminated within two years, and that it promote speed up. The company is the main supplier of the battery, and after the recent climb, it has increased its monthly capacity to more than 10 million units and is still raising it.
IL; 2) Overseas Power Soft Battery Order Starts Delivery. The company powered the battery, Koreask, then took the order from a well-known car company like Daimler and Chia Modern, and q3 started delivery, expected to deliver 0.2gwh in 2019h2 and around 2gwh in 2020; 3) cylindrical battery was diverted to consumption, with a significant capacity utilization rate
Cylinder batteries have been completely transferred to consumer electronics since 2019, with a significant increase in their capacity utilization and a significant improvement in their yield and profitability. The company’s short-term growth momentum continues to be high e-smoking, lithium primary battery, battery-to-cell consumption, and in the medium term, it relies on soft bags and lithium-powered batteries.
The ban on the sale of flavoured e-smokers has been further expanded: the impact of the trade war on overseas operations has been more than anticipated: power cells have been outpaced; new energy vehicles have not grown as fast as expected; and prices for upstream products have fluctuated more than anticipated.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment