24 December 2019, year-round profit realization, power cell profit boom, year-round performance forecast implementation of expectations
q4 profit increases are still high, and year-round profits are expected. Consumer batteries are growing year-round, and tws will be the bright spot next year. Consumer batteries are growing steadily and company long-line R & D layouts are reaping.
More than 40 million units. 2) High Maori tws headphone battery q4 delivered to three stars, demonstrating the effect of pushing customers to expand and produce more independently, with more than 50 million expected to be delivered next year, with elasticity, which will be the biggest highlight of the consumer battery business next year. 3) cylindrical batteries will be fully produced and sold.
Electric tools and the two-wheeler market are dominated, with an estimated annual revenue of $1.6 billion. 4) Electronic smoke is banned, benefiting well-channeled head players, and has a low impact on McVell.
In the first month of November, the company had a total load of 1.25gwh, of which 1.19gwh was a lithium-loading machine, industry.
Business is good, net profits are booming 2019.10.29. Soft bag batteries are expected to deliver 0.2gwh for Daimler throughout the year, with a corresponding income of about $200 million, and are expected to start production in June next year for the modern 6gwh capacity.
The company’s income structure and profit structure gradually began to move to power cells, which will be important growth points for the company in the future.
The company’s lithium primary and consumer batteries are becoming more profitable, and the phosphate lithium batteries are becoming more profitable and soft at the new growth stage of pon bag delivery, with less than expected impact on the electronic smoke business.
Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xin Xue Xue Xue Xin Xue Xue Xue Xue Xin Xue Xin Xue Xin Xue Xue Xin Xue Xue Xin Xue Xin Xue Xin Xue Xue Xue Xue Xin Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.