The industrial landscape continued with a gradual increase in the market share, with a 13.37 per cent increase reported in mid-2020 for three major jobs and a net return profit of $8.468 billion, a 25.48 per cent increase over the previous year.
Rehabilitating will trigger a gradual release of the demand.
Quarterly single-season revenues of $31,921 million, an increase of 44.5 per cent over the same period, resulting in net profit of $6,274 million for the mother, an increase of 78 per cent over the same period.
The recovery from this round of engineering machinery is largely driven by upgrading, with the peak of the previous round of procurement in 2011, with an average life span of 8-12 years for major products, and is still in the period of demand for renewal. Prime Minister Li Keqiang mentioned in his government report in May that the proposed allocation of local government bonds of 3.75 trillion in 2020, an increase of 1.6 trillion in the same year, focused on supporting new infrastructure.
Areas such as construction. As the new capital policy continues to fall and the cost of our labour rises, it is expected that the international engineering giants will rise in the current round, looking at the future increase in market share \triangleright
In 2019, the company’s share of domestic excavators rose to 25.6%, the share of the car crane market rose steadily, and concrete machines were the largest in the world. In 2020, the tri-carriage industry rose from seventh to fifth in the ranking of international engineering and machinery manufacturers. As an international giant, in 2019 the share of overseas businesses was only 15%, and there will be a significant increase in overseas operations in the future.
On 31 July, the Trinity Group announced that it would issue a debtable sum of $8 billion, which is expected to effectively reduce the cost of corporate finance and help companies seize strategic opportunities in digitalization, smart manufacturing and related industries.
The demand for engineering machinery is lower than expected, and competition in the industry is deteriorating.
We're looking at strategic opportunities in smart manufacturing, business ability is up and running, and corporate revenue is up and running.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of State Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Agency