Three heavy jobs (600031): Core products need to thrive, cycle down, value center, company is the world's leading equipment manufacturer, major product.
Including concrete machinery, excavating machinery, crane machinery, pillar machinery, road-building machinery, building assembly prefabricated structures, 13.37 per cent higher than in the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $8.468 billion higher than in the previous year
Corporate concrete machinery and digging machines continue to dominate the domestic market, and demand is strong in the post-epidemiological period. As the domestic epidemic is under rapid control, the country’s economy recovers gradually after March, capital-building needs pull together, adding environmentally sound governance, renewed demand growth, etc.
In China, the demand for engineering machinery has recovered rapidly in the second quarter of the year. The company’s operating income in the second quarter of the quarter amounted to $31,921 million, an increase of 44.49 per cent over the same period, resulting in a significant improvement in the asset structure and a steady improvement in the quality of its operations. The company’s cost rate fell during 2019.
14.72 per cent, a decline of 0.3 percentage points in the same year, is the lowest level since listing, and the cost of reducing capital controls is clear. In the first half of 2020, the turnover rate of corporate receivables continued to rise compared to the same period the previous year, the rate of overdue payments continued to decline, and the rate of late sales of new value was kept at its lowest level in history and continued to decline;
Strong inventory management, taxonomy management, while achieving faster growth in sales, has been maintained at the beginning of the year. Through a digital transformation, companies have significantly increased their ability to operate, with a global per capita output of tens of thousands of yuan, reaching record levels.
Stock upgrades the center of demand, weakening industry cycle attributes. Currently, the number of domestic excavators has reached 1.67 million, and some of the differences between the current cycle and previous ones are that stock upgrades need to be s1480180001
The future demand for excavators is still solidly supported by stock upgrading and demand for real estate and capital investment. We analyse potential space for stock replacement according to the age structure of the sample excavator from 2008 to 2013.
The estimated number of hours is 10,69 million, which means that the need for stock renewal in 2020 will support at least 100,000 more sales. If we assume that the excavator will operate at about 1,500 hours per year, the number of excavators will exceed 69,87 million hours in the next five years, 2008-2013.
In January-July 2020, 18,95 million domestic excavators were sold, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the previous month, of which 17,210,000 were sold in the domestic market and the engineering and machinery industry has continued since the month. We look forward to the continuation of the domestic countercyclical policy.
We believe that the impact of the epidemic is a rare opportunity for home-grown mainframes and core parts manufacturers, and that national production alternatives are expected to accelerate.
Three heavy jobs (600031): The core product is in demand, the cycle is weak, the center of the valuation, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the sun.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
East Hing Securities Company reported that the demand for core products is strong, the cycle is weak, the valuation hub does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor does it guarantee that the information and recommendations contained will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.