Three heavy jobs (600031) in the semi-annual review of 2020, with rapid growth in the first half of the year and a re-elevation of the industry, August 31, 2020.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 1.4 pct, the main figure of which was 28 August 2020; the sales/management/financial cost rates were the same.
In the first half of the year, public roe (ttm) fell by 0.3 times. In the first half of the year, net cash flows from company operations amounted to $8.55 billion, up from $8.55 billion.
Minimum price in December ($) 12.5%; company cash flow continues to improve and asset quality and operating efficiency improves; core product competitiveness continues to increase and sales continue to grow steadily.
Art/digger/heavy/bore-drilling/roadmills achieved 135.1/186.5 year-long co-dealing champions in the domestic market for excavators, with a significant increase in the share of excavators in major markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia and South-East Asia, with some countries in South-East Asia already receiving 135.1/186.5.
In the first half of the year, the company’s share of the market for automobile cranes increased significantly; the company’s share of the world’s first brand for concrete machinery, the Chinese brand for plant machinery, and the market share for road machines, such as amplifiers and rollers, increased markedly.
In the first half of the year, companies continued to promote the onlineization of equipment, the onlineization of energy management, and the visualization of production sites in the country’s major industrial parks. The company’s main factories are building smart-making lighthouses, which are expected to be productive in the future.
Through a digital transition, the average per capita output of companies is already at the top of the world’s engineering and machinery industry.  Investment proposal: the company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in our country.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.