The performance was again brilliant, the Māori level remained stable, and the market share was expected to rise throughout the year.
30.74 per cent, a slight decline of about 2.07 percentage points over the same period, due mainly to the fact that the new accounting standard, Zhang Xian, charged the cost of transportation, which was originally charged to sales costs, to operating costs while suffering from the epidemic.
As a result, the company has increased the leverage of its older clients. The net benefit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company is overpaid by richard.zhang@firstshanghai.com.hkq2, with the level of Maori stable under the epidemic: the company ' s q2 performance is overpaid.
The annual revenue from the sale of machines was $18,649 million, an increase of 17.22 per cent in the same year, and the Māori rate was a champion; the sales revenue from concrete machinery was $13,506 million, an increase of 4.51 per cent, a steady increase in the world ' s first brand; and the Māori rate was 28.94 per cent, a decline of 0.61 million.
Scores. The sales revenue from crane machinery amounted to $9.427 billion, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase in the share of the market for car cranes; the Māori rate was 20.02 per cent, a decrease of 5.81 months compared to the same period, with an increase of 54.8 per cent over the same period.
The cumulative sales in the excavator industry increased further in January-July 2020, leading businesses. The policy of the family against the cycle continues to fall, and we expect that capital investment will continue to increase in the second half of the year.
Large, while real estate investment remains resilient, the demand for engineering and mechanical equipment will erupt. Companies are the absolute champions of domestic machinery, with a year-round rise in city power and a stronger leader. Meanwhile, through continuous transformation through digitization and intelligence, and international war.
Arangangangmangmangmangmangmanggmam si22020181220201512 First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
This report is prepared by Shanghai I Securities Company Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) and is intended for private general review only.
The content of this report does not take into account the investment orientation, financial situation or any special needs of individual investors. You shall make your own investment decisions based on your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status.