Three and a half jobs, engineering and machinery have had some of the best business performances, and business four plus internationalization opens up medium- and long-term growth space.
The overall competitiveness of products has continued to improve, creating the best business performance in the company’s history. Driven by factors such as downstream infrastructure, housing demand, artificial substitution, environmental protection and remediation, natural upgrading of equipment and others, the engineering and machinery industry has achieved rapid progress in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 49.19 billion yuan, a 13.4 per cent increase compared to the net profit of the mother, and a growing competitiveness of the product, leading to the best business performance in the company ' s history; continued high-quality, sustainable business over the first half of the year, with a multifactorial impact on the Maori rate; and continued strong push for a digital transformation.
The company’s share in the market has increased further, the domestic market for diggers has been championed for 10 consecutive years, the market share has continued to rise, car crane sales have risen significantly ahead of the industry, market shares have increased significantly, and the stumps continue to be the country’s top-notch.
The market share of road machinery products, such as stalling machines, rollers, etc., has also increased, and the relatively low rate of growth in concrete machinery is due to the decline in German sales affected by the epidemic, sales prices, and structural changes. Looking ahead, q3 and the second half of the year, we believe that the engineering and machinery industry will continue to maintain its high profile, and the excavation industry is expected to continue in the third quarter.
A high growth of 40-50 per cent or more is expected to hit 300,000 sales a year, a high increase of more than double in the second half of the year is expected for concrete mixers, a higher increase in pump sales than in the first half of the year, and an increase in the volume of vehicle crane sales is expected to be comparable to that of the first half of the year, and the sales of core products such as company excavators, blenders, car cranes, etc. will continue to increase at a higher rate than the industry.
In the first half of the year, the impact continued to be substantial, sustainable camping, full-cost reclassification of the Māori rate, price and changes in the marketing structure.
In the first half of the year, companies continued to focus heavily on quality and risk management, operating a net cash flow of $8.55 billion, up 12.5 per cent from the same year, and the turnover rate of receivables continued to rise, with loans falling late, reflecting the sustainability of the company. High-quality operations.
The share has leapfroged to the top, and the company’s capacity system in overseas markets will continue to grow as resources in overseas markets continue to invest, and the depth of the internationalization strategy will help replicate the current success stories in multiple global markets and achieve more regions, with large overseas markets providing vast development space for companies over the long term. Companies are gradually moving from traditional equipment-making to data-driven smart manufacturing firms, whose current value ratios do not fully reflect the share of overseas markets.
Using market prices as a standard on August 31, 2020, the continued expansion and the length of the domestic engineering-mechanical landscape, and looking at the continued strong demand for equipment from the capital estate in the second half of the year, the engineering-mechanical plate is expected to revalue, and the company, as the industry’s leader, is expected to increase significantly.
Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing and capital and real estate investments are not as high as expected.