A strong growth in 2020q2 performance, with industry expected to continue its high growth trend in the second half of the year: companies published their semi-annual 2020 report, achieving income of 49,188 million, a strong growth compared to growth of 2020q2 performance, with good performance on all product lines: quarterly.
Billion dollars, a 78% increase in the same year, is the best way to make a single-quarter income profit. For example, in the sub-products, the core product excavators, concrete machines, crane revenues are 18,649 million, 13,506 million, digital transformations to improve the competitiveness of companies, and the internationalization strategy continues to move forward with determination: companies build up.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
Internationalization is another corporate strategy, 2020h1, for overseas sales.
The core product excavators are down in North America, Europe, India, Australia, 2020q1 and q2 profit levels.
Some countries in South-East Asia already occupy the highest share of key overseas markets, such as South-East Asia, where three heavy jobs (600031) are reported in 2019 as overseas channels capacity, agency systems, service components, etc. are progressively improved.
The company’s overseas market is expected to continue to grow, and performance is expected, and the engineering and machinery boom is expected to continue with high growth in the second half of the year, with companies benefiting significantly from their role as industry leaders:
Prospectively sustained - 2020/04/24 After the resumption of domestic work, the sale of engineering machinery exploded, for example, with excavators, and the sale of three heavy workers (600031) for the annual report forecasted performance in January-July
The company’s core competitiveness continues to grow, as do cars, cranes, blenders, and so on. Looking ahead, the engineering and machinery industry is expected to remain strong for the second half of the year.
As a leader in engineering and machinery, companies will continue to benefit from industry growth. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect companies to double their net profits by 2020-2022 and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Strong growth in 2020q2 performance, with industry expected to continue its high growth performance in the second half of the year, strong growth in 2020q2 performance, and industrial research in the second half of the year, with expertise in industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related components.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
IRC, which joined the Pacific equities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends. IRC, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is committed to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.