Performance and the quality of business have improved, with year-round growth - the semi-annual performance of the three-timers in 2020. Business income has grown robustly and market shares continue to rise.
During the first half of the year, companies achieved revenues of $18,649 million in machine digs, an increase of 17.22 per cent in the same year; concrete increased by more than 50 per cent per month, including 460,000 excavators, an increase of 26.8 per cent in the same year, with a cumulative municipal share of 25.6 per cent and a continuous increase to 26.7 per cent in July.
The digital transformation was successful, and the quality of business continued to improve. The overall Māori ratio of companies in the first half of the year was 30.34%, a decline of 2.07 pct compared to the previous year, mainly in the implementation of the new income benchmark.
Half-yearly cost controls were better, with sales rates of 5.18 per cent, a decrease of 1.8 pct, management costs, and efficiency improvements in production management. Performance was affected by the epidemic, with year-round performance increasing by 2020.04.28
As of mid-July, special debt had been released at $2.24 trillion, spending 1.9 trillion and spending about $1.5 trillion.
According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanics, it is expected that the superbs will continue to be outstanding. 2020.04.24 According to statistics, the funding situation in the first half of the year was poor, the overall rate of construction activity was inadequate, and the equipment was inadequate.
Inventory start-up rates are low, funds are accelerated in the second half of the year, completion is the main objective, most equipment distributors are starting to hoard for the follow-up season, and demand for equipment is expected to remain high.
In addition, the potential supply chain risks associated with an overseas epidemic are expected to enhance the company’s voice and international competitiveness in the overall supply chain.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.