The company review reports that the agro-forestry and fisheries industry performed well, and product power and industry opportunities each other.
The incident company released its annual report for 2020 and its report for the first quarter of 2021.
By 2020, the business income of the company was expected to be $60,324 million, compared to +26.7, of which private conversation, sale of agricultural products, trade in raw materials, microecological agents contributed $48,765 million, and the combined Māori rate of 63.68, respectively, was 11.65 per cent.
For example, the company’s performance has been rising at a seasonal rate. Forage sales have continued to grow rapidly, and the industrial chain has been growing more solidly, with companies achieving a significant increase in their presence in the central markets of South and North China by 2020: companies are much more profitable than their poultry.
Industry has a strong relative competitive advantage. 2) The sales of pigs are about 2.280,000 tons, i.e. +37% of the year; Māori rates are the same as +0.94 pct, with higher innovation. The main benefits are from the optimal structure of pig products, the smooth development of northern markets, and improved end-service systems.
About 3.86 million tons, or +10 per cent, were sold; the Māori rate was the same as in the previous year, and the single ton of Māori was raised. The company’s market for water feed, affected by the new crown epidemic, was estimated to be -9 per cent; while shrimp crabs, high grade, and the volume of water produced were on a double-growth trend.
In the same way, the Māori rate is more than 50%. The company’s multi-business drive has led to a more rapid growth in the production of pig production, with a significant profit contribution to the year 2020’s annual production of pig production, which is about 300,000 to 350,000 pigs, contributing about 220 million yuan.
In addition, companies are involved in poultry farming and slaughtering, with a slight loss for 20 years; aquaculture is in its infancy. We see that good companies have a competitive edge in the industrial chain in aquaculture and livestock farming.
The company’s three main feed products will continue to grow rapidly as livestock production increases and aquaculture improves. At the same time, the company’s pig production is growing rapidly, relying on excellent cost controls.
We expect companies, weather anomalies and diseases to affect the risks of phased fluctuations in the feed industry; and 2, the risk of large fluctuations in the prices of raw materials;
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.