The firm released its 2021 stock options incentive plan (draft) to award the equity options to the incentive audience for the first time, which represents the total stock options to be awarded under this incentive plan.
Incentives were awarded to a total of 4,083 persons, including directors, executives and core or cadres (technical/industrial companies) who were employed in the Department (including companies ' full capital and holding subsidiaries) at the time of the draft incentive plan, compared to 300 deep prices.
• The firm’s strategic goal of sustainable high growth is to be highlighted by the firm’s strong equity incentives. The annual corporate-level performance appraisal targets for the first stock options are as follows: first options period, annual feed sales of more than 18.5 million tons or net return to the mother in 2021;
For the two options period, the volume of feed sold in 2022 was more than 23 million tonnes or the net profit of the mother was more than 37.76 billion yuan; for the third option, the volume of feed sold in 2023 was more than 28 million tonnes or the net profit of the mother was more than $4.456 billion; for the fourth option, the volume of feed sold in 2024 was higher
The sales are for extra-feed sales, as disclosed in the company's annual report, as well as for farm-based self-feed sales; the “mother-to-mother net profit” represents the strategic objective of increasing competitive edges and sustained high growth in the company's products, after excluding the impact of the cost of the equity incentive scheme's shares.
The company has implemented three successive stages of the equity incentive scheme since its listing, the most recent of which was fully implemented by 2020, with the company ' s current equity incentive scheme awarded 4,083 employees for the first time, representing a significant increase of 175 per cent over the previous period, with the participation of employees who had not participated before.
With this equity incentive scheme, it helps to bind the medium- and long-term interests of shareholders, companies and employees, and enhances the motivation of employees.
The value of $94.4 remains the same as the “buy-in” rating. The Good Business Analysis Team Award.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.