Sea Group (002311); high performance, 2021 04.
Event: The company disclosed its annual report, 2020, and its quarterly report, 2021, that it was operating in 2020. The company was a collection of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, a mixture of animal feed and aquatic feed, and healthy farming.
High-tech companies operating in the main business, the core business is aqueous feed, aqueous seedlings, and dynamic conservation products. The company has taken advantage of the opportunities of the industry to manage the power-assisted feed industry in an integrated manner.
The trend towards concentration of headlines has become more evident in the context of the complex and volatile production environment in the country’s priority aquaculture areas. Companies continue to take over the market and sell company feed, thanks to their high productivity and improved product groups and integrated farming services.
The pace of growth has been faster than industry for many years, and in 2020 the sales of aquariums, poultry materials and pig materials were equalized. The profit-making side was based on refined raw material purchases, and the combined costs of the current combination kept the control and formulation requirements under control, and the profitability was stable when the cost of raw materials increased significantly.
q1’s main feed business continued its trend of rising profit margins, exceeding expectations. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: pig farming contributes elasticity to boost the edge of the industry’s chain by raising seedlings.
In addition, the company’s dynamic seedling industry, coupled with the company’s dynamic seedling industry, is expected to yield steady returns.
The company recently announced a new round of equity incentives, total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares).
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We appreciate the long-term financial and intellectual growth of the company as a result of the continued strengthening of its industrial chain.
The Great Sea Group (002311). High performance, a growing attribute, a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Group (002311) has increased performance, alpha properties are being strengthened, Xianxi Month
M.A. in Finance, University of Maryland, United States. Joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry, with a focus on livestock farming, feed, animal protection, pet food, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.