China Group (002311.sz) Agroforestry and Fishery Feedsii Inc. discloses its annual report 2020 and its quarterly report 2021. The company achieved operating income of 60323.86 million in 2020.
According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, total national industrial feed production increased 10.4% in 2020, with pigs growing 16.4%, and pigs growing 16.4% in 2020.
Egg poultry feed grew by 7.5 per cent over the year, poultry feed by 8.4 per cent over the year, anti-septic animal feed by 18.9 per cent over the year, and aquatic feed by 3.6 per cent over the same year.
The annual sales of pig feed grew by 37% over the same year, about 2.29 million tonnes, significantly higher than the total consumption of pig feed, with the Māori rate increasing by 0.94 percentage points over the same year. Although poultry farming in 2020 was less favourable than in 2019, the company ' s share in the market for poultry in 2020 increased further, benefiting from such advantages as formulation technology and service systems.
Sales grew at a significantly higher rate than total industry, with a 20% increase of about 8.51 million tons in the same year, and a 0.86 percentage point decrease in the Māori rate in the same year.
The impact of the water weather has been greater, with the total volume of the water feed industry falling the same year. However, through the expansion of the market share, companies have increased the volume of water feed sales by 10 per cent, at about 3.86 million tons, and the Māori rate has remained the same as in the previous year, with single tons of Māori growing the same as in the previous year.
The company's aquatic feed structure was further optimized by 2020. In 2020, as a result of the new canopy and flooding, the Chinese water feed business was under pressure, but other varieties and regional markets showed remarkable performance, with sales of shrimp crabs (including Chinese lobster feed) increasing by 25% over the same period; and a historic breakthrough with sales of shrimp crabs in the East China region increased by 50% over the same period.
Sea giants: strong growth in performance, strong confidence in buybacks; high-end expansion of fish feed (fish, bass, etc.) by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis, with California basking increasing by more than 60% on a year-on-year basis. The company's aquatic feed structure is further optimized, shrimp crabs, high-end expansions, etc.
Larger groups: Basics are in the upper cycle, and the focus continues to be on fish feed, which together accounts for 47% of the aqueous feed.
In 2020, the company’s operations were sold out. China Group: 2019 and 1st Quarterly 2020, with a growth of 175.46%, Māori rate of 30%, with annual births of nearly 1 million pigs; aquatic seedlings.
It achieved sales revenue of $586 million, an increase of 66 per cent in the same year and a Māori rate of 53 per cent, of which sales of shrimp seedlings increased by 68 per cent in the same year and Māori increased by more than eight points in the same year. Total aggregate feed production increased by 20.9 per cent in the same year, with pig feed increasing by 79.9 per cent in the same year and egg feed declining by the same year.
7.8 per cent, a 15.2 per cent decline in meat feed per year, a 31.2 per cent increase in anti-septic feed per year, and aquatic feed per year are expected, mainly because: (1) the cost advantages of the company ' s formulation technology are further highlighted in the context of a significant increase in the price of raw material for feed; (2) the advantages of raw material procurement are effectively realized; (3) the public
The Division has accelerated the consolidation of investment plants and industrial mergers and acquisitions, with a rapid increase in local market ownership; (4) the company’s pig-breeding business has yielded better returns in the first quarter.
In the current sector, the industry’s climate cycle usually lags behind that of the farm. In 2021, the feed-movement-pane landscape is expected to continue the upward cycle, in which the big group is selected within the framework of a combination of performance growth, continuity and valuation levels; and (2) the aquatic feed season, based on the pattern of operations of previous cycles, is expected to continue.
The period usually lags behind the life of the pig and features a four-to-five-year cycle. We believe that, after this move, the year 2021 is expected to see a high rate of water feed, which has increased prices and yields in the water industry since the beginning of 2021, which has been initially confirmed; and that the company is expected to accelerate the expansion of production and industry.
Incentives for tickets, with broad coverage and clear objectives; (5) The company has begun to install anti-thyroid feed plates, which have low penetration, high growth rates and market fragmentation, a blue sea to be developed and which is expected to be a new growth point for the company in the medium to long term.
US$, maintenance of purchase-a proposal, due to the risk of price volatility of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans.