Annual reports, quarterly reports of high growth, feed-farming co-development companies, 2020 and 2021. Business income was 60.32 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 26.7 per cent compared to the previous year and a net return to the mother of 2,523 million yuan, an increase of 53 per cent compared to the previous year;
2021q1 achieved operating income of 15.51 billion yuan, an increase of 49.8 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return of 707 million yuan, an increase of 132.9 per cent over the same period.
The competitiveness of the feed business has been highlighted, and pig farming has grown steadily. In 2020, the company was able to sell 1,466 million tons of feed (excluding farm feed for its own use), compared to the same amount.
Compared to the trend of 300 deep, the company prices have been adjusted to increase the Māori rate by 0.11 percentage points. Of this, sales of poultry have increased by 20% on a year-on-year basis, they are more profitable than the industry, and companies have joined forces with large farming companies to strengthen them.
The industrial chain has the advantage of working together; sales of pork have increased by 37 per cent over the same year, the Māori rate has risen by 0.94 percentage points over the same year, the company has set up more than 30 pig food test sites throughout the country, and new pork products have been introduced and promoted according to the nutritional needs of the various growth chains, health improvements, etc.
A combination of technology tools such as wide and non-resistance, which further enhances the competitiveness of the company's products; Aquaculture sales have increased by 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the Māori rate has remained the same as in 2019, and the company's aquatic feed structure has been optimized. It is clear that shrimp crabs, high-end inflated fish feed together account for 47 per cent of Aquatic feed.
The company produces pigs in two models: "Operate + Farming Area" and "Board + Family Farm" . In 2020, it produced nearly 1 million pigs at an average price of $3794, all of which produced 2656; and 2021q1 produced about 350,000 pigs at a net profit on a par.
Almost 150 million yuan was added. After almost two years of cultivation and construction, the company has set up pig-breeding teams with specialized farming techniques, veterinary techniques, environmental management techniques, good non-pest prevention systems and treatment methods; and has been operating in pig-breeding production, veterinary medicine, breeding, nutrition, and production.
This system of control and the like is basically formed, and the survival rate of pig-breeding is increasing. As the pig farm continues to be built, the cost of pig-breeding is rising, and the company’s costs are expected to continue to fall.
The cycle continues to grow and the product is clearly superior to the core competitiveness of the company.
Industry, full-scale feed, clear product strength, and core competitiveness of the casting company. We give a little 2021-4-7.
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally compliant, are presented independently and objectively, and are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information contained in the report.
For information purposes only. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not be directly or indirectly affected by the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.