Winch Shares (300498.sz) Three-quarters rating in 2025: Balance sheets are steadily repaired, the first three quarters of the red scale of companies consistently optimized farm costs in the first three quarters of 2025, and the cost advantage is steady in the first echelons.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue from business was 75,789 million yuan, roughly equal; in the first three quarters of the year, the net profit was split from the net profit, and the pig industry was expected to earn close to $1.5 billion, the chicken industry close to $500 million, and the waterfowl was in balance. The company’s performance was largely lower than the sale price of its products.
The impact of high base prices over the same period of the year. Corporate cost control has been significant, with announcements revealing that the company ' s production cost fell to $260 per head in August, that the combined cost of pork farming is approximately $12.2-12.4 per kilogram, that the total cost of chickens out of the column is about $11.6 per kilogram, and that the cost advantage is stable in the industry ' s first echelon.
Improved livestock production performance and continued optimization of the asset-liability structure. Corporate farming performance has improved steadily, and according to company announcements, the company has continued to increase its contribution to pig breeding, creating a healthy, high reproductive, high-quality 52-week maximum/minimum price
In August 2025, the company grew 27 pigs, increased the listing rate to 93%, and increased the overall production of the pig industry. The competitive advantage of the chicken industry continues to be highlighted, with production performance maintained at high levels, and chicken listing maintained at 95%.
In addition, the firm's financial position is sound, and by the end of 2025, the firm's asset-liability ratio was maintained by the chicken-pigs industry, with an emphasis on cash-based returns. The company developed a robust productive expansion plan, with a cumulative sale of raw pigs (meat, fresh and piglets) 2767 in the third quarter of 2025.
In addition, the company proposes to allocate $3 per 10 shares in the third quarter of 2025, totalling $1.99 billion, or 38 per cent of the net profit from the first three quarters.
We maintain the company's profit forecast, and we expect the company's Winch Shares (300498.sz)-2024 quarterly: total net profit for the first three quarters.
RMB 1.25-15 billion for the mother, and a better surplus for both raw pigs and yellow feather chicken farming.
The company’s cost control has been significant, and according to the public, the company’s production costs for pig seedlings fell to $260 per head in August, the combined cost of meat and pork farming was approximately $12.2-12.4 per kilogram, the total cost of chickens in the column was about $11.6 per kilogram, and the cost advantage was stable in the industry’s first echelon.
Figure 2: Business income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the single season of the Winch stock
Figure 6: Changes in the cost of Winch shares The same ratio of operating cash flows has declined and the days of inventory turnover have fallen slightly. The net operating cash flow of 2025q1-q3 is the same ratio. Investment proposal: The cost of raising pigs and yellow chickens in Winch shares has been steadily reduced, and I take it that there has been a steady increase in the market share.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject