The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has seen a significant increase in the net profit rate in the third quarter, with a four-quarter outlook exceeding expectations.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average.  Company issued three quarters performance in 2018: three quarters of a single quarter of $7,787 million, an increase of 28.97 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $1,130 million, an increase of 89.75 per cent in the same year; and the first three quarters of a quarter of $17,267 million in the same year.
Three-quarter apples are new, and there has been a remarkable improvement in profitability: the company's three-quarters single-season net profit rate has risen significantly, exceeding the previous quarter by 9.36%, to 14.5%, the best level in recent years. The company's profitability has increased significantly, mainly thanks to the new Apple machines, which have been supplied with new feed numbers and supplies.
The share has also risen, with a marked increase in the Māori rate of slp-type products, a relatively small supply and loss position in the past year, and a marked increase in the share of supply this year, which has become a major supplier, coupled with internal improvements, enhanced automaticization, improved eligibility and a significant increase in profitability.
The outlook for the fourth quarter is over-expected and it is expected to continue to benefit from smartphones fpc and slp: the company announces a year-long event:
The use of fpc reached more than 20 fpcs in 2017 in iphonex at a cost of more than $40 and a new use of iphonexmax in 2018 at a cost of more than $60. Over the next three years, Apple phones are expected to be rolled out three times, mounted ar/vr, and supported innovations like 5g.
The use of fpc will increase further. In the slp class, apples were first introduced in 2017, iphonexsmax was increased to three pieces this year, and is expected to increase in the future, with iphonexs max softboard +slp class boards expected to be worth more than $80 per unit. The company is the main supplier of apples.
The technological innovations that will continue to benefit the new machines will continue to benefit from. Automation continues to increase, with active outreach to new clients and new areas: corporate automation continues to increase, staff has not increased this year, with a significant increase in revenue and profits, and the new factory has been rated by large clients.
The company has major international clients, such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Cisco, Facebook, and continues to open up new customers, expand new areas, and it's already working fully with China, fpc and slp.
The product is expected to make a breakthrough on a Chinese high-end machine. In addition, the company is actively expanding in areas such as 5g (base stations, smart terminals, iot equipment), car fpc, etc., and the cof project will also reach production next year, with less than expected sales of new machines for apples, down-order repair and price reduction risks.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is then calculated on an average basis to arrive at the final rating as the average investment in the market Click here to enter the text.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years in comparison with the average value of the listed companies in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.