A global fpc industry leader, active outreach company, the global fpc industry leader, still has room for growth in mobile phone use, with a global pcb output of $58.8 billion in 2017, an increase of 8.6 per cent over the same period.
The output was $12.5 billion, or 21.26 per cent. The demand for the fpc downstream came mainly from consumer electricity, which remained at an average annual compound rate of 3.2 per cent for global pcb production until 2022, with the fpc output increasing at an average annual rate of 3.5 per cent, higher than the rate in the pcb industry. 80 per cent of the yield of the pcb was generated by the peonies.
Port-au-Prince Industries Ltd., the first client of the company, Apple, directly contributed about 60 per cent of its revenues. The former company was also active in developing non-apple cellular clients, the number of fpcs and single phones in Andre's cell phones.
The fpc is significantly less valuable than apples, and there is still room for future upgrades.
(hdi), apples continued to use class plates in iphones and iwatch in 2018. Class plates can further fine-tune lines compared to high-density interlocking plates, reducing the width of the line from 45/50um to 30/35um from hdi, while reducing the plate thickness and the size of the entire cell phone.
In case of change, the use of class plates can further release cellular internal space. The company has entered the pelican fruit panel supply chain, while using ipo to raise funds to expand production capacity on the island, and the application of class plates is expected to extend to Andre mobile phone customers in the future.
Demand side: We believe that the future use of Andre's mobile phone fpc will continue to increase and that the Andre flagship type will also use class panels; supply side: the supplier of apples has demonstrated that the company's products are very competitive, while the company uses ipo to raise funds to build new fpc and class plate production capabilities.
China’s Anhui province, Heung Fu City, 18 Maysan Road, has seen a decline in global mobile phone sales, a deterioration in trade relations between China and the United States, and an increase in the price of upstream raw materials.
The company is the world leader in the fpc industry.
The company currently has four production bases: Shenzhen, Qin Royal Island, Huai An and Jun. The company's indirect shareholders are listed companies in Taiwan, and in 2017, the company's largest pcb company, which has won over the Japanese flag for the first time.
The company ' s fpc product accounts for about 80 per cent of the company ' s revenue, with the rest of the product rpcb and hdi. 1.2fpc will grow faster in the future than the pcb industry, with a global pcb output of $58.8 billion in 2017, or 8.6 per cent in the same year, of which fpc is valued at $12.5 billion.
The demand for the fpc downstream comes mainly from consumer electronics, with 24 fpcs used in apple purchasing fpcs\xsmax, an increase of 3 fpcs compared to iphonex, and the number of fpcs used in the single Andra series of mobile phones is between 10 and 20, and there is still much room for growth in the future.
By 2022, the global output of pcb at an average annual compound rate of 3.2 per cent and of fpc at an average annual compound rate of 3.5 per cent, higher than that of the pcb industry.
When apples use slp to replace high-density interconnectivity plates (hdi) in iphonex, which was released in 2018, two synthes, three synthesmates in iphonexmax, and iwatch4
A class board was used. The class board could be further fine-tuned from hdi ' s 45/50um to 30/35um, while reducing the size of the board, and using the class board could be further enhanced in cases where the size of the entire cell phone remained constant.
Release the inner space of the mobile phone. Only apples are currently using synthesizing boards in many mobile brands, with a much higher value compared to the high-density interconnection boards used earlier, and the future Andre series is expected to use syntheses instead of hdi.
2.2 The company's layout in the field of synthesizing boards, the punctuated holdings have entered the iphone slab supply chain, the company's slab capacity has been concentrated on the island of Qin, the ipo had already produced more than 200,000 m2, and the company's ipo campaign project has created a new high-grade hdi-printing circuit board.
The extension project, with an additional hdi capacity of 334,000 m2, is a synthesizing project, which is expected to be completed by 2020. For its clients, the current clientele of the company’s slab products is Apple, and for its Andres, the company’s current section has been certified as a supplier through China.
Investment proposals and profit projections Demand side: We believe that the future use of Andre's mobile phone fpc will continue to increase and that the André flagship model will also use syntheses; Supply side: As an apple supplier, the company's products have proved very competitive and at the same time profitable.
The global decline in cellular output, deteriorating trade relations between China and the United States, and higher prices for upstream raw materials.