Quantities amoled is expected to be ahead of schedule, keeping industry in the lead
The company's sixth-generation soft-aoled line was launched on May 11th of this year, and the country's first six-generation soft-aoled production line is expected in the last four quarters of this year. \triangleright \triangleright
The company has invested 46.5 billion yuan in the sixth-generation flexible aoled production line, which began construction in May 2015, the main plant cap in July 2016, which began production on 11 May 2016, and is expected to be produced in the fourth quarter of this year, earlier than previously anticipated in 2018. This line can be designed to produce 48,000 pieces of property per month.
The base plate (1850 mm x 1500 mm) is the location of high-end mobile phones and the emergence of new mobile displays2 and we believe that the company ' s smart phones and flat-board panels were the world ' s leading semiconductor display technology, products and service providers for two years in 2014, 2015, the world ' s number one.
Six generations of fully flexible aoled production lines, and the company will once again remain an absolute leader in the domestic industry. Global oled production capacity is inadequate, and amoled production will provide the company with a huge profit.
This order is clearly not enough for apples with an annual sales volume of 210 million mobile phones.2 In our view, the South Korean tristar now accounts for more than 95 per cent of the global mobile equipment market.
The company’s output is expected to break the Samsung monopoly on the one hand, and the company’s profits on the other. As a leader in the domestic panel industry, as a result of the 6th generation of flexible aoled lines of output, the company is expected to generate huge profits.
Research assistant: Hu Xiaoqiao, 1 macroeconomic downfall; 2 and oled yield below expectations. 1. Summary of events in the human-made electronics industry: Investing in Apple
2. People-to-people e-business event review: "Led industry high, equipment, materials, zero components benefit."
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements by JUNG Ping, team leader. Doctor of Management, People ' s University of China, director of ba, Business School, China Petroleum University; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Hu Qingjiang, assistant in electronics. Master ' s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics, Beijing University, Bachelor ' s degree in microelectronics, 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.