The three-quarterly report is over-expected, large-scale LCD and soft-led, 26th of September 2017, Yang Minghui.
• On September 26, Kyoto East released a three-quarter performance forecast: the company's net profit range is expected to be $6.2 to 6.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, corresponding to the ps of Chang.
The period’s net profit of $657 million has risen significantly over the same period. The industrial landscape has risen, and the company’s business has moved forward: the firm is the absolute leader of the continental panel industry, with the world’s largest output in many areas of disaggregation.
After sustained strategic counter-cyclical investments, the company ' s operations have entered the harvest period: a complete business structure with a predominantly lcd cash flow and an unwinded growth, and during the reporting period, the company continued to strengthen its lean management and continued to improve the productivity and quality of its products.
With regard to mobile phones, the company's first full screen has produced a total of five full screen products that have been successfully developed as of July and are supplied to brand manufacturers such as vivo and opo. The semiconductor shows the industry's relative climate.
The performance of companies in the first three quarters of the year has improved significantly over the same period last year. The supply and demand environment in the lcd sector has improved substantially, and the firm’s business has improved clearly: the supply and demand environment in the lcd panel sector has improved substantially.
Ten thousand pieces, the ring ratio grew by 8.1%, and the demand for reserve goods recovered noticeably. On the industrial chain, after reasonably priced panels, downstream companies, dominated by LCD, have increased their sales significantly, directly benefiting the corporate lcd panel demand.
On the basis of the steady price of the panels, the company ' s operations at lcd were increased by two points: the beneficial new product line was opened and the old line was depreciated at the same time. The 8.5 generation line in Fukushi was launched in February this year, with a 90% or more leading rate; and the same weight was put into production at the end of the 10.5 generation line. The six generation line was depreciated at the end of the year.
In Beijing, when the 8.5 generation line is fully depreciated next year, it directly results in an increase in profits. oled’s card position is clear: on the layout of its business, the company has a clear card position, both quantitatively and qualitatively.
In terms of capacity, it is expected that by 2019, when the company’s line of Xiangyangoled is launched, Kyoto East will be the world’s second-largest-largest-lod panel. With the ability to integrate the industrial chain, companies will pool the most advantageous resources up and down.
In terms of downstream demand, the largest consumer electronics market has to say, the company's lcd panel has already entered a customer supply chain.
1. The depth of the Kyoto East report: valuation of large-scale LCDs and investment proposals.
The panel was promoted to the top, and the soft-led was lower than the historical average valuation level. A “buy-in” rating was given. The lcd panel price did not perform as expected; the panel industry had less supply and demand than expected; and new inputs were made.
Line progress is not as good as expected; the use of the oled product is not as good as expected; and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.