In the recent past, Kyotoa published its semi-annual 2017 report: 44.605 billion won in the first half of 2017.
This represents an increase of 41.69 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4.303 billion, an increase of 933.08 per cent in the same year; and a slightly higher than expected performance reported in the Central Report, a net profit increase of 993 per cent in the same year \triangleright
2. The main reasons for the growth in corporate performance are (i) the overall balance of supply and demand in the industry, stable markets, higher profits: (ii) the expansion of globally renowned brand clients by smart systems and the increasing volume of full-time shipments: (iii) the health services business, the consistent improvement in the performance of the Mind Hospital acquired by the company in 2015, and the health parks.
In our view, the first half of the year saw an increase in the industrial landscape in the corporate-owned sector, along with innovation, streamlined management, improved production-rate and product quality, and high growth in the first half of the year, which is expected to continue at a high rate in the second half of the year with the advent of the e-consumption season.
In the second half of the year, full screen demand increased, company capacity was released, and profits are expected to continue to grow rapidly. \triangleright 1 May 2017, Samsung released s8 to drive the development of full screens for the mobile phone industry.
The market estimates that the full screen penetration rate will increase rapidly from around 10% in 2017 to 2018.
More than 50% of the year, the full screen is expected to be a flagship model for major manufacturers.2 The full screen size changes have resulted in cost increases of around 1%, but prices have increased by 20% to 40%. Companies have full screen capacity and will start bulk deliveries in three quarters.
The screens, which are larger than the low-generation base plate, also have more room for regulation, with little change in the use of the base plate from the current 16:9 screens. The price increases will help to increase the profitability of the company ' s mobile panel business.
The company now owns 12 semiconductors showing production lines, of which the 8.5-generation tft-lcd production line in Fuzhou is expected to be ahead of amoled, keeping industry at a lead start in the second quarter of this year, and the 2015 investment build-up line of g 10.5 generation, which will be the world after Sharp.
In 2017, the company invested in building a 10.5 generation line in Wuhan, with a design capacity of 2017.7.18, 120k/m, targeting large-scale, high-cleaning panel markets with increasing global demand.
The People's Electronics Industry Event Review: "Investing in Apple 3 " , we believe that with the arrival of mobile phones in the second half of the year and the full rollout of the screen, the company will be able to start a full production of olid, iphone8 in the third quarter.
Face-screening will help to raise the company’s overall Māori ratio, while the newly-made Fujig8.5-carriage can be released, and profits are expected to grow steadily and rapidly in the second half of the year. Two g6 flexible aoled lines: it's lit, it’s sun set, and it will bring company futures.
\triangleright 1, a total of 93 billion yuan in corporate investment, built a 6-generation flexible ameled production line in Chengdu and Mingyang each. The Chengdu production line became operational on May 11th of this year and is expected to be produced in the fourth quarter of this year.
Work has started on the production line, which is expected to start in 2019. The total investment in the six generation line in Chengdu and the six generation line in Mingyang is the same, at $46.5 billion, and the design capacity is 48 k/month. The project is expected to be the second largest soft-led supplier after the three stars in Korea, with 90 million smart and cellular cards per year after delivery.
2. The company is the only panel manufacturer in the country that owns a canontokki plating machine, which is the core equipment for producing high-quality flexible amoled, leading the tokki plating machine around the world. At the same time, the company has developed and invested in the first company to be listed in the electronics sector a, with a total of 4,000 new patent applications in the first half of 2017.
There are more than 55,000 patents available. Townsend's Global Innovation Report 2016 shows that Kyoto East has become the second largest innovation company in the semiconductor world.
One of the enterprises, ranked first in Top 50 at an annual growth rate of over 200 per cent.3 We believe that, with the increasing penetration of the cellular screen by the oled, the market share of the oled machine screen is expected to surpass lcd in 2019, and the company is the second largest innovation company in the semiconductor world, technology.
As these two flexible aoled lines continue to develop in the future, the oled panel will be public, third, profit forecasting and investment advice.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D. in management at the Chinese People ' s University, head of the Chinese Petroleum University Business School, ba mentor of the Central National University, and has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, and in 2016 it joined the NLD.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.