Poly Property: Acquisition of Poly Holdings, accelerated integration process (buy-in)
The Bill on the Acquisition of 50% Equity in Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings Ltd. was passed. The company intends to buy 50% of the shares held in Paulie by the company’s real controller, the Poly Holdings Group, on a cash basis, at a value of 2,382 million yuan, and will take over 50% of the shares held in Hong Kong.
1) Cash acquisition of 50% of the Pavs holding shares and indirect acquisition of 20% of the Pavs holding shares. Pavl Hong Kong holding shares is an investment holding company under the umbrella of the PBG whose main asset is 39.66% of the Pavs holding (0119.hk/ HK$3.45 with no rating) (40.39% of voting rights) and the main business includes:
Real estate development, etc., covers 20 major cities in China, including Shanghai, Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Wuhan, Suzhou, Guiyang, Nanning, etc., and holds commercial properties, including Shanghai Paley Square, Shanghai Portfolio and Beijing Paley Building.
Fifty per cent of the holdings of the Pavli Holdings have been issued, and the Pavli Group remains the final shareholders of the Pavlo Holdings Group, with a shareholding of 40.87 per cent, while the Pavlí Estate indirectly receives 20 per cent of the shares.) The purpose of this transaction is to determine the position of the Pavli Estates in charge of development and to integrate assets to address peer competition.
The consolidation of real estate operations in the Paulie Group, with the Poly Estate taking 50% of Hong Kong's holdings, and the development of new real estate development projects in the future will be led by the Paulie Estates, in order to gradually address potential inter-operability competition in the Paulie Property and the Paulie Estates.
After that, Paulie's estate will share the future benefits of Paulie Hong Kong's holdings, and will further expand its area of operations, benefiting from an increase in business size and market ownership and the consolidation of the corporate sector. 3) Group integration will accelerate, and the value of the plate will be undervalued. The company's sales performance will continue to grow steadily this year.
In the long run, the cumulative amount awarded in January-October was $237.9 billion, an increase of 37 per cent over the same period, and in January-September it should be only 8.2 times higher than in 2018, significantly understated as a leading housing company, and accelerated by recent group integration.
First single-lease financial instruments landed in 2016.10.30