Q: The sales rate of sound Maori has risen, the first single-rent financial instruments have landed, the Poly Estate (600048.ch/RMB10.64, bought) has published three quarterly reports: the first three quarters of 2017.
The company's business income of $75.5 billion, a 13.31 per cent decline in the same year, and the recently approved “Special Scheme for the Support of Assets of the Former Kaizen-Pauli Real Estate Housing” issued by the company that became a shareholder of the listed company will benefit from the rental of the asset securities as the first financial instrument to be leased by the company.
The company’s options incentive, introduced last year, required a compound increase of 8% in future performance, while real estate sales increased by the same 32% and project reserves were adequate. In the first three quarters of 2017, the company’s sales performance continued to grow steadily, with cumulative contract amounts of $208.2 billion, an increase of 32% over the same period.
At the end of the third quarter, the company had covered 87 cities, both inside and outside the country, with a total of 187 million square metres of buildings under construction, of which 62.83 million square metres were under construction and 82.11 million square metres were to be developed.
In the first three quarters of 2017, the firm reversed its bottom-side reversal, and we believe that the return of the year’s settlement rate is expected to continue. On the other hand, the government’s first single-lease financial instrument was approved, and the policy of securitization of beneficial leased assets was introduced.
"The Shanghai Special Scheme for the Support of Assets in the Pre-China-China Kaizen-Pauli Real Estate Rental Housing I" "Pauli Real Estate Report: The first $100 billion in sales in the first half of the year and the impact of interest rates and equity ratios on the carry-over" 2016.9.1
The Stock Exchange approves the project as an asset securitization product with certain equity reits attributes, with significant innovative and demonstration value. The total size of the project is $5 billion, and the bottom property assets are high-quality rental housing owned by the company; at the same time, the issuer can take up two years, depending on his or her own development with the market.
We believe that the launch of this special scheme has defined the status of the public division as the leader of rental housing and is expected to benefit from the future launch of asset securitization policies such as reits.
Equity incentives lock in performance growth, with low valuation pole values to be revalued. In 2016, the company launched its second stock options plan, the acca period, which requires the company to compound its net profits for three fiscal years before the stock options date.
The profit margin trend for carry-over projects is positive and the minority shareholder equity ratio is stable, and we expect to be net for the next two years.