Internal integration accelerates, and resource capture highlights the advantages of Paulie Property (600048.sh) Chen Ji-wook
On November 30, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company announced that it would consider the purchase of 50 per cent of the shares held in Hong Kong by the company's real controlling owner, the Paulie Group, at a transaction price of $2.38 billion, and that it would repay the equity loan of the group at 50 per cent of the shares held in Hong Kong.
Principal sum and unpaid interest payable $2.77 billion.2 Our analysis and judgement (i) Hong Kong equity holdings, 39.66 per cent
Paulie Hong Kong Holdings is an investment holding company whose principal asset is 39.6% of the share held in Hong Kong's listed interest (40.39% voting rights), in addition to the share held in commercial property such as Cin Square in Guangzhou, the New Pauli House in Beijing, and the Paulie Group, which is its sole shareholder.
The value of the book value of the parent ' s interest in the combined statement of 30 June 2017 in relation to Poly Hong Kong Holdings increased by 96.4 per cent, and as of 30 November 2017, the total share capital of the PS was 3,662 million, with a collection value of $3.45 (port currency), at which the market value of 20 per cent of the PS interest was estimated to be roughly equal to that of the PS.
(ii) Approximately 20 million land reserves in the Paulley industry. Poly property owners operate for real estate development, investment, and property management. Real estate development, with companies achieving 34.9 billion yuan in sales and 2.79 million in 2016, is equal to the same amount.
In terms of real estate investments, companies invest in property mainly in first-line and second-line capital cities.
Positive, marketing sprints, performance periods (November 2017, including Beijing Pauly Building, Shanghai Stock Building, etc., with approximately 530,000 stories of company ownership as of the first half of 2017. In addition, the company owns 139 property management projects with 28.9 million plots.
This deal is intended to consolidate real estate operations in the Paulie Group at the heart of the Poly Estates, and the future Poly Group and its affiliates will be working on new real estate development projects in the country.
In the first half of 2017, the company just completed the merger and acquisition of Chinese-Chinese industrial real estate, and, with the accelerated integration of China’s industrial sector, the company, as an important real estate platform in the company, has an important advantage in terms of access to resources.
The company’s position in the first three quarters has been higher than it was last year, and there is a clear advantage in the policy-regulating environment, whether financial or resource-led, and, with the accelerated integration of corporate real-estate operations, it will be beneficial for companies to further expand their resources, and the advantages in the land market will be reflected in a further increase in industry concentration in the future.
In addition, with corporate land reserves dominated by second-line cities, the overall performance of the second-line cities could be at a lower level next year, as regulatory policy margins weakened and added to this year’s low base. We maintain a corporate “recommended” rating.
Charts and graphs relating to the Paulie estates