Active, sales sprint, good performance, Paulie Realty (600048.sh) Chen Ji-wook
(i) New constructions in the previous October exceeded last year ' s full year, with reserves heavily above the level of 24.4 million square metres in 2016, measured by the proportion of new additions and total land prices in the area and volume of sales over the same period, compared to the previous October of 189 per cent and 78 per cent, respectively;
The company’s average floor price in October was 5800 yuan per square metre, slightly lower than in 2016, while the average sales price in October 2017 was 13,979 yuan, a historic high, giving the company a relatively high level of profitable water sales and a strong rebound, especially in the context of low performance following the regulation of the second-line city in 2017.
Corporate sales continued to grow at a high rate of more than 30 per cent, with a rapid increase in market ownership. (iii) Māori beneficiary ratio and equity ratio increased by 16.3 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, and corporate revenue, operating profits and net repatriation profits fell in the first three quarters of 2017.
This represents an increase in the Māori ratio and corporate equity ratio of beneficiary settlements, 24.7 per cent in the previous three quarters, compared with an increase of more than 3 percentage points in the same period last year, with a minority shareholder gain/loss relative to net profits, with rising land expenditures, the corresponding increase in corporate operating expenditure for the first three quarters of 2017 being 118.4 per cent.
At the end of the three-quarter period, the firm ' s long-term interest-bearing liabilities increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, with a net debt-burden rate of 102.6 per cent. The ratio of currency coverage to short-term interest-bearing liabilities remained above 3.
In October 2017, the company, as issuer, approved the transfer of an asset-support scheme for rental housing in the former Taiwan-Pauli Real Estate, with a total circulation of no more than $5 billion, marking the approval of rental housing reits for the first Pacific State.
With respect to real estate development, the company is gradually promoting housing finance and community consumption services. With regard to real estate finance, the company has developed a model for the development of trust funds, insurance capital, pension funds and a parallel drive; with regard to community-based consumer services, the company is committed to becoming an integrated service provider covering property management, value-added services, community commerce, and early-age services.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's position was higher than it had been in last year, with a clear advantage in the policy-regulating environment, both in terms of capital and in terms of resources. The advantage of the land market will also be reflected in a further increase in industry concentration.
Sales grew by 37.01 per cent in the previous October, particularly against a backdrop of low performance following the first-line-two city regulation in 2017, where company sales continued to grow at a high rate of over 30 per cent, and new surface construction in the previous October exceeded last year, with reserves dominated by one-line-two.
Parity, measured by the share of new surface construction and total land prices in sales and sales over the same period, was 189% and 78%, respectively, in the previous October, compared to 18.673 million square metres, of which 821.1 million square metres were to be developed, with one line accounting for about 70%. From land cost, the average floor price of the company in October 2017 was 5,800 yuan per square meter, slightly lower than its high in 2016, while the average sales price in October 2017 was 13,979 yuan, the highest in history, giving the company an average of 70%.
The increase in the Māori rate, the increase in long-term liabilities, the increase in Māori beneficiary ratio and equity ratio, by 16.3 per cent in the first three quarters of the increase in the Māori rate, is supported by a relatively high level of profitability.
The increase in performance was mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate and the equity ratio of beneficiary settlements, which was 24.7 per cent in the previous three quarters, and the future profitability of the company was guaranteed by the relative stability of the cost of land for the past year. #Māori = (business income-cost-business tax plus)/business income
Net interest rate = net profit/business income attributable to the parent, with rising ground expenditure, the company ' s operating expenditure increased by 118.4 per cent in the first three quarters of 2017 and 32.0 per cent at the end of the period. The stock turnover slowed in the previous three quarters as a result of the increase in the stock holdings. At the end of the third quarter, the company ' s long-term interest-bearing liability increased significantly in terms of the same value and net liability ratio.
Amounted to 102.6 per cent, but the ratio of currency coverage to short-term interest-bearing liabilities remained above 3.
Delayed by the slowdown in the stock turnover rate, company Roe level was 9.0 per cent in the previous three quarters, which remained almost the same as in the same period last year, with a slight decline in the Roa level from 2.4 per cent