PAULI (600048) Real estate, projects and investments, and push for the first three industries, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: Public announcement issued on 23 December by the Paulie Estates Board of Directors to consider the adoption of the Bill on the Implementation of Real Estate Projects and Investments. The Board of Directors authorized the management level to draw up and implement the corresponding rules. The ceiling on single projects and total investments did not exceed 10 per cent of the project ' s maximum funding, and the client was charged with a special fund management plan or trust.
• Leads the way in the company’s management, creating the status of the company’s real estate leader. In the early years, Vanko,
The project and the investment system in Bei Qui Qui Park, which highly binds the project to land risk, cost rate control, and share of proceeds with cores and contributors (including mandatory and selective donors), rapidly scale up the scale of the development at the same time as the cost margin is controlled. Paulie introduced the second-highest sales in June 2016.
• Equity options (682 members, including directors), which began in December 2017 with a project and investment plan, leading other multinational real estate companies and opening up opportunities for future development.
We believe that Paulie will ensure growth in the top five, the top three, and in the upper three, as well as the need to acquire other real estate resources.
From the consolidation of Chinese properties in the first quarter of this year to the acquisition of Paulie Hong Kong at the end of the year, it is expected that the future will continue to be characterized by a two-way improvement in the sales and performance of the beneficiary companies, which have continued to outperform expectations.
Paulie was relatively conservative about the performance release in 2015 and 2016, and this year began to move on to the positive side, and we expect a year-round performance of, or close to, 15 billion, with a large and thin company, expected subsequent performance and sales at the same time, with a combined 20 per cent increase in the net return profit over the next three years, taking into account the fact that the company will continue to benefit.
1. Real estate sector data points: investment remains resilient, 2. Poly property (600048): acquisition of Hong Kong Paulie, capital consolidation boom (2017-12-02)
Poly Realty (600048): The reserve is rich and stable and has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.Sixan Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.