Kang Eining's sales increased significantly in November, exceeding expectations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, publishing sales in November, and increasing both the area and the amount of sales at the same rate as the city.
It is expected that the company will sell more than 300 billion dollars a year. The company is now well-valued, the speed of the 4q wheels is increasing markedly, and sales and performance are expected to increase further throughout the year. We expect the company to double, 2017.
Realization of the sales area of 220,000 square metres at a sales value of 274.3 billion yuan, while yoy +39.6 per cent and product combinations increased significantly in November, and sales are expected to continue to exceed expectations throughout the year: companies began to increase their sales in October.
In November, the push volume continued to be at a high level, with sales areas and amounts at an all-time high, exceeding market convergence expectations. The overall push pace of the company remains positive, with institutional investors in the share of liquidity a.
The sales base period of 4q per year is not high, and q4 sales are expected to increase at a relatively high rate, leading to a further upswing in sales throughout the year, which is clearly better than industry averages, and we expect the company to increase sales at a 50 percent increase throughout the year.
The pace of land expansion has accelerated and there are sufficient reserves: 21 new land acquisition projects by the company in November, with a total construction of 4.19 million square metres (2.46 million square metres of equity building), to pay the sum of 13.5 billion square metres and the sum of 214 billion yuan, representing 180 per cent of the annual sales area and the amount, respectively.
And 78%. The company currently has over 200 million squares of ongoing and proposed projects, awaiting development, 88 million squares, the company as a whole has a positive and reasonable pace, sufficient land reserves, profitable forecasts and investment proposals for the future: the company is currently operating well and sales and performances remain fast.
Growth. At the same time, the company launched a $5 billion Reits Fund at the end of October, opening new ways of “financing” its own-owned projects, laying the groundwork for the company to expand in the trillion-dollar long-rent market, which is still relatively low, and we maintain the investment advice that we buy.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.