The Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) is looking for a new wave of resource consolidation in Hong Kong.
The contract for the transfer of shares is subject to the consent of the National Council and will be effective only if it is considered and approved by the Poly Realty Shareholders Assembly.
The consolidation of real estate operations within the Paulie Group, and the future development of new real estate development projects in both the Paulie Group and its affiliates in the country will be dominated by the Paulie Estates, which will fully address potential inter-occupational competition between the Paulie Estates and the Paulie Estates.
The potential value of Hong Kong’s goods will significantly increase the company’s future performance. The main asset of Hong Kong’s assets is its shareholding (0119.hk) of 39.66%.
It covers 20 major cities in China, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Wuhan, Suzhou, Guiyang, Nanning, among others, and includes some high-end property portfolios. By the end of 2017, some 21 million parties had land reserves and construction projects under way, with a potential value of over $250 billion, which will directly contribute to the future.
The company, as the leader of the estate, consolidated the property resources in the context of the continued earnings of the capital of the country, and the China-China industrial real estate business and the equity acquisition of Paulie Hong Kong were only beginning, with an unlimited amount of external growth space. The company sold 237.9 billion in the previous October, and is expected to exceed 3,000 a year.
For the next three years, a combined 20% growth rate will be maintained, taking into account the fact that the company will sustain the beneficiary’s real estate resources.
Poly Realty (600048): The reserve is rich and stable and has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.Sixan Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.