Chang An (000625): The net profit from the non-mortality of 2025h1 is steadily increasing, and the new cycle of new energy sources continues to thrive, thanks to strong sales of new autonomous energy models (e.g., q07, Deep Blues09) and high-value new energy vehicles sold, combined with efficiency gains from the scale effects of new energy products; at the cost end: sales/management/research and development by company 2025q2
The increase in the cost rate is mainly due to increased advertising inputs, such as the promotion of new items, and improved financial costs are benefiting from the increase in exchange gains and interest income. The net operating cash flow of 2025q2 and the ring ratio of 181.77 per cent/-45.87 per cent represent a significant increase in the net outflow of operating cash flows. The new vehicle cycle of 2025h2 is strong, with three new products listed in q4 and a clear strategic layout for globalization.
Deep blue brands have been scheduled to launch S05620km long cruises and 2026 l07 in August and will expand the S09 series by the end of September, market upgrades version s07, and the first global 3nm car module chip and full-scale laser radar smart saloon 206 in the fourth quarter, continuously improving product spectrometry; the Q07 laser version is planned for launch in September and support 800v will be launched in the fourth quarter.
High-pressure platforms, a06 with laser radars and a new, clean-power mini-suvq05, with the prospect of a new round of new energy products contributing to a sustained increase in sales. Foreign markets: 2994,000 vehicles sold overseas by H1 in 2025, companies will continue to accelerate localization in CIS countries/Europe/East and Central-East Africa/South-East Asia/Central and South America in the second half of the year.
A target of 1 million overseas sales in 2025.
Cars Group, Deep Blue News are rolling out at a tight pace, and we're looking at the new energy sales, the improved efficiency of the industrial chain, the intensive planning of the company's new 2025h2 new energy vehicle, and a clear global strategy.
A steady increase, deep blue march into the European market - corporate Jane's promise for electric intelligence transformation and global market growth space, thus maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Indirectly controlling shareholders have been reassembled at less speed than expected.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.