The Autonomous New Group has been set up to speed up the consolidation \triangleright Autonomous brand sales and new energy sales have increased by the same amount. 178,000 Autonomous Brand sales were made in July.
\triangleright sales of 27,000 vehicles, i.e. 62.5 per cent of the year, ring ratio - 9.1 per cent; Aveta 10,062 vehicles, i.e. +177.6 per cent of the year, 10,000 vehicles, followed by a company that will launch a deep blue smart sports car lo6, ao6 (medium-sized car), ao6
New products, such as source b216 (concrete suv), to ensure that the fuel base plate accelerates the electrical transformation. \triangleright Maten
Two brand-new cars, Deep Blues09, are on the market and, according to the Automotive House, Deep Blue is going to be carrying the world's first three nanocar module chip, full-system-marked laser radar, positioning smart cars, which will be rolled out in the fourth quarter; while companies are planning to accelerate deep-blue globalization, placing more globalized products, 2025 worldwide.
The annual sales target is 500,000 (400,000 in the country and 100,000 overseas).
Avita + Deep Blue + Blue & New Energy Accelerating - 2025/, The New Group for a Long-Ann Car has set up a deeper resource consolidation alliance. On July 29, 2025, China's Chang-Air 2. Chang-Aon (000625.sz) series of XXVI comments:
In Chongqing, Car Group Limited was established to consolidate 117 molecules, such as the Cheong An car and the e-Teung Group, into the Department of Avita + Deep Blue Power New Energy Products, with a strong 2025/division, with a combined stock structure of 35.04 per cent of the Cheonan Car Group in China.
3. Long An (000625.sz) series XXV: Holding shareholders, the de facto controller remains the State Treasury Committee, and Zhu Hua-Yung has been acting as secretary and director of the party of the China Chang An Motors Group Ltd., confirming the strategic orientation and core objectives of the group: building global competitiveness and ownership
Autonomous core technology’s world-class Automobile Group. In our judgement, the new group was created to deepen resource integration, strengthen industrial linkages, improve efficiency in the governance and internationalization of the Cheonan Car, help with the new energy vehicle fast.
\triangleright Figure 1: Long An Car Group Wholesales and Same Speed Increases (vehicles; %) Figure 2: Long An AutoCity Wholesales and Same Speed Increases (vehicles; %)
Figure 3: Monthly sales of deep blue brands (vehicles) Figure 4: Monthly sales of Avita brands (vehicles) Figure 5: Monthly sales of Long Anfort brands
Figure 6: The methodology and analytical logic of the Long-Ammadya brand results in research, independently and objectively producing the report, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, their recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.