Chang An Car (000625): China's Chang An Automobile Group was formed, and deep blue new items were launched at a tight pace. Events: Chang An, which issued a July 2025 fast-released newspaper with 2106 thousand vehicles distributed in July 2025, and 1777 thousand in July in the same ring brand, and 27.69%/-9.3% in the same ring, 2025m1-7 cumulative wholesale sales.
In July of this year, wholesale sales, autonomous brand sales, and new energy sales were on the rise, the ring sales were on the decline, largely influenced by the light season of vehicle transfers, and with the third instalment of state replenishments in late July, the car market heat was expected to resume driving company sales on a sustained basis. By brand, deep blue deliveries were 27.2 million, with 62.48%/-9.11% respectively, and deep blues were 05620km long.
The release was marketed on 1 August 2025, followed by the Deep Blue Plan to launch a new product every half months within two months (upgrades in mid-August, Deep Blues09 product spectra expanded at the end of August, upgrades in September, Deep Blues07, four quarters of the world's first 3nm car class chip, full-scale smart sedan deep blues with laser radars will be marketed); and Aveta sales will be marketed.
11.1 million units, +178/-0.90 per cent respectively for the same ring ratio, with a five-month break; 28.6 million units, or 26.32 per cent ring, delivered from the source; the q07 laser version will be marketed in September, and the Suvb216 small, full and pure electric power supply will be marketed in the fourth quarter; the Cheonan Automobile Group of China has been established to promote the development of the upstream and downstream industrial chains.
On July 29th, 2025, in Chongqing, China became the country’s third largest company in the automotive sector. The group will build on the development model of the whole industry chain and strategic integration, focusing on the vertical integration of the industry and the development of core components in new and emerging areas, and will build an innovative system of “vertical integration + division of labour of manufacturing levels – sharing of productive platforms.”
With regard to product planning, more than 50 new global energy products will be launched over the next five years, including seven large global monoliths of 300,000 sales a year; business expansion, with a sda platform at its core, to expand new and emerging businesses such as business operations, flying cars, human robots; and development paths, with autonomy and cooperation in both directions.
In parallel with strengthening the development of autonomous innovation systems, deepening strategic collaboration with global car companies such as Stratis, Ford, Majuda and ict, consumer e-business; and, in the service system, in the context of the B-end innovation of automobile finance products, deepening the mix of production and production, giving the Chang An Car (000625): new energy sales
Capable of industrial chain development, building at the end of c-ai-based smart services ecology that covers the life cycle of “trade and use suits.” Steady growth, deep blue march into the European market - company Jane Chang An Car (000625); new energy sales
The recovery, the reorganisation of the Indirect Holding Stockholders Group, the restructuring of the company to upgrade the synergies in the industrial chain, the company ' s heavy energy vehicle-type planning in 2025, and the strategic layout of globalization, was the scene of a company-by-company summary report.
It's clear that we're looking at the outlook for a company's electric intelligence transition and the growth space of the global market, so we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the results of the study, which are presented independently and objectively.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.