The q2 Mäori q2 rate increased in comparison with the semi-annual review in 2025 of the Chang An Car (000625), with a significant increase in the sale of new energy vehicles.
During the first half of the year, corporate revenue fell, with net profits not attributable to the mother rising significantly. The company ' s net profits from non-return were reduced by 1,477 million yuan in 2025h1 and increased by 26.36 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company ' s revenue of 38.53 billion yuan in 25q2 fell by 2.9 per cent in the same year, and the ring grew by 12.8 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the parent ' s return grew by 12.8 per cent.
The company’s 25q2 Māori rate was 15.2%, an increase of 2.0 percentage points from the same year, an increase of 1.3 percentage points from the ring and an improvement from the same ring, mainly because of the optimal product structure, the combined effects of the high number of new energy vehicles and supply chain drops. In terms of cost, the company’s q2 sales cost ratio
The reason for the high number of new q2 vehicles and the corresponding increase in marketing expenses is that the reason for the increase in the number of new q2 vehicles is `s03404020014 ' .wuzhenjie@dgzq.com.cn
According to the company ' s semi-annual report, 25h1 achieved 1.35 million sales, an increase of 1.6 per cent over the same year, of 452,000 new energy vehicles, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the same year, significantly higher than the industry average.
By 33%, and by the first quarter of the second quarter, 50% of the q07 laser version will be launched in September, and 25q4 will be on the market a06.
And the new, pure electricity mini-suvb216; the deep blue car will further refine the product layout in 25h2 to push for a “super smart saloon run” 206, which will continue to boost brand premiums and market competitiveness. The firm will regroup and continue to invest more in technological innovation.
After Chongqing was established as the third largest automobile company in the country, after the China One Gas Group and the East Wind Motors Group. China’s Chang-Am Group aims to promote the ecological extension of the entire car + parts + financial + logistics + services, benefiting the resources of the long-an-car industry, based on the entire car industry.
The semi-annual report shows that in the first half of 2025, the company invested $3,284 million in research and development, corresponding to two core areas: the new energy sector, the Shangri-La project, which achieved a new breakthrough. Complete solid prototype core validation and a chain of industry for "Budget-Cell Packing-Cuting"
In terms of intelligence, the company issues such smart drivers as the Skyconstituency, the Skyconstituencies, the risks of less than expected, and the customers’ expectations. Note: “market index” for this rating system, a unit refers to 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board frame refers to three indexes.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.