\triangleright > harvest, asp ring growth Māori ring ratio up. End of income: Autonomous sales increase boosts revenue collection. 2025q2 has autonomous vehicle sales of 392,000 (MCA caliber), +3.5%, Ring ratio-
Billion yuan, equivalent to 2.9 per cent, ring ratio + 12.8 per cent, sales of which are higher than sales of the same ring are mainly influenced by product structure, with higher sales of high-value new energy vehicles; asp: 2025q2 vehicle with a surplus of 98,000 yuan and a ring ratio of + 23,000 yuan; accompanied by the company ' s launch in the second half of the year of a06, a full new source of q05, and a major market of deep blue 2063
+2.0pc, ring comparison +1.3pct, 2-quarter downfalls increase in the amount recorded, Māori has some pressure, followed by the male \triangleright \triangleright
+0.2 pct, the increase in sales costs is mainly due to new models (e.g., Deep Blue S09 extension) and overseas branding, and changes in financial costs are due mainly to the increase in exchange gains and interest income.
2. Gua An (000625.sz) series XXVIII: A combination of Māori upgrades and cost-end growth. 3. Chang An (000625.sz) series XXVII:
On July 29th, 2025, China’s Chang-an-Avita + Deep Blue & Quick New Energy Accelerations - 2025/ Car Group Ltd. was established in Chongqing, bringing together 117 members of the Chang-an-car, e-Teung Group, etc.
The Department, in terms of the equity structure, China’s Chang An Automobile Group, which together holds 35.04 per cent of the shares in the Chang An Car, has become a controlling shareholder, while the actual controller remains the National Finance Committee. The new Group has been set up to help deepen resource consolidation, strengthen production chain synergies, improve the efficiency of the management and internationalization of the Cheon An Car, and support the rapid development of the new energy vehicle.
Investment Recommendations: We look forward to the transformation of the company ' s electric intelligence, super-volculus as an intellectual enabler. It is expected that the methodology and analytical logic of 2025- \triangleright will lead to findings, that the present report will be presented independently and objectively, and that we will be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.