In six months, China’s Chang-Ann and Chang-Aan cars were made up of 19 people, and for the first time, China’s solidarity companies were able to do so. The company released the executive boost, which was the first \triangleright \triangleright \tang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang.
In our view, this increase in the stock of listed companies shows that the group and the company's top level are based on full recognition of the long-term investment value of the Cheonan car and future prospects for sustainable development, while at the same time enhancing investor confidence; and 2) for the first time, the top level of collective ownership is tied to the firm's deep interests, strengthening core team stability and helping to strengthen core team stability.
Supported by practical actions to speed up the work of the Chang An car; 3) was the firm’s positive response to the requirements of the National Investment Commission and the CVM on market value management, and to promote value realization while improving the quality of the company’s operations. The new GLA Automobile Group set up a deeper resource consolidation alliance.
\triangleright Car Group Ltd. was established in Chongqing to integrate 117 molecular departments, such as the Chang An Car and the e-Teung Group, with a combined stock structure of 35.04% of the Chang An Car Group in China.
Ma Ten-hyun, the controlling shareholder, the real controller remains the National Finance Committee, and Zhu Hua-Yung, acting as Secretary and Chairman of the Party of the China Chang An Motors Group Limited, has defined the strategic orientation and core objectives of the Group: to build global competitiveness and ownership.
The formation of the new group will help to deepen the integration of resources, strengthen industrial linkages, improve the efficiency of the management and internationalization of the Cheonan vehicle, and contribute to the rapid development of the new energy vehicle.
Two brand new cars, including Aveta + Deep Blue Power New Energy Accelerator - 2025/, Dark Blue S09 is on the market, Dark Blue / /Snack /Snap /Snap /Snap /Snap /Stamp /Stamp /Stick /Stick /Stick /Stage /Stage #26, which will be in season four, 2.
At the same time, companies plan to accelerate the process of deep-blue globalization with more globalized products, with 2025 global Aveta + deep-blue new energy products with a strong 2025/year marketing target of 500,000 (400,000 in the country and 100,000 overseas).
Sov and mpv are placed on the market with a new sda2.0 modular structure (Fox News), accelerating 3. Long An (000625.sz) series of 25: 10,000 vehicles, followed by a company that will launch Deep Blue Smart Motion car 206, Source a06 (medium-sized sedan), start-up
New products such as source b216 (concrete suv) to ensure that the fuel-based drive accelerates the electrical transformation.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.