q2 new energy sales showed good performance with strong growth activity in the second half of the year - semi-annual performance in 2025 - Chang An car (stock code: 000625.sz)
The q2 share of new energy sales has increased significantly over the same period, and q43 new items are expected to be marketed to continue the new energy transformation: 54 million q2 autonomous brand sales in 2025, +1.3 per cent, ring 11.7 per cent,
Of these, 258,000 new energy sales, +51.3 per cent, ring +32.6 per cent, new energy sales, 47.7 per cent, year +15.8pt, ring +15.9pt, benefited from the three major brands Qin JiQin, Deep Blue, Avita
The share of new energy sources has increased considerably. In 2025 h1, the company ' s own brand sold 1.51 million vehicles, or +2.6% of the year, of which 452,000 were sold, or +49.1% of the year, and 39.3% of the year, or +12.2pt. q4 will have a06, a completely new q05, deep blue in 2025.
Three new energy products are on the market, of which the source a06 is expected to be full-blown on 150,000 meta-grade products, light radar, urban noa, full-blue q05 will be loaded with laser radar, deep blue l06 will be the world's first 3nm smart cabin chip, product competitiveness will be perfect, q07 will be added to the current market's hot-sales source q07,
In the offshore market, H1 sold 299,000 vehicles abroad in 2025, or +5.1% of the year, and in the second half the company will continue to improve the distribution of its products in key areas such as Eurasia, Europe, Central and Eastern Africa, South-East Asia, and Central and South America, increasing the volume of overseas sales.
The net profit from non-repatriation has risen steadily and the new energy brand has continued to shrink: in 2025, the net profit from non-repatriation has risen steadily, the decline in the net profit from repatriation has been mainly due to a reduction in government subsidies, in 2025, the cost of selling was 6.0 per cent, compared to 2.0 pct. On the one hand, the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio has benefited from the sale of new energy sources.
The scale effect of volume growth, with the company ' s new energy brand continuing to shrink in the first half of the year, with Avita contributing at the end of the return on investment down by 28.4 per cent to 423 million yuan; on the other hand, the rise in the volume of new energy sales has led to an increase in the share of sales in the direct-market model, with a shift in return from the dealer model ' s income offset (affecting the Māori rate)
The commission for the straight-line model (affecting sales costs), which raises the company’s Māori rate, also raises the public department’s sales cost, and the promotion of new company energy products also leads to higher sales costs, which, taken together, have increased significantly.
The apparent decrease in the cost rate was due to the exchange gains resulting from the appreciation of the renminbi. On 29th, China’s Chang An Automobile Group, which was separated by the Military Equipment Group, was established in Chongqing, with the National Finance Committee directly carrying out the role of funder, becoming the third and first of its kind.
In Chongqing, the company took on the core of its development as a whole company under the Chang An Automobile Group, and is expected to benefit from the increased efficiency of decision-making and deepening of external cooperation resulting from the establishment of the Xinang Corporation. On August 11, 2025, the company announced that China’s Chang An Automobile was serving as a full board of directors, senior managers and company managers.
A total of 19 directors and senior managers plan to increase the company ' s share in the next six months through a centralized competitive exchange, with a total increase of not less than $5.7 million, highlighting the confidence of the leadership of the new company and the company ' s core management in the company ' s future development.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.