Weichai Power (000338 CH)
Impressive 1Q23 earnings; U/G to BUY; More
BUY (Up)
catalysts ahead
Target Price
RMB13.80
Weichai's 1Q23 net profit growth of 68% YoY is above our expectation. We
(Previous TP
RMB11.40)
believe the impressive earnings growth was driven by the strong operating
Up/Downside
19.8%
leverage of the HDT engine segment. We are turning more positive on Weichai's
Current Price
RMB11.52
recovery story, with new catalysts coming from: (1) the recent sharp decline in
China Capital Goods
LNG price (down ~40% since Dec) that will boost the sales of LNG
trucks/engines, where Weichai has strong presence on; (2) the easing supply
Wayne FUNG, CFA
chain pressure that will help KION achieve strong-than-expected margin
recovery. All these, together with the continuous growth of engines for
agricultural machinery and HDT through rising penetration in LOVOL and
Sinotruk (3808 HK), prompted us to revise up our earnings forecast in
Katherine NG
2023E/24E by 30%/28%. Our SOTP-based TPs for Weichai A/H are revised up
to RMB13.8/HK$15.8. Given that the H/A discount (currently 11%) has been
narrowed and is close to the historical average of 12%, we upgrade Weichai-
Stock Data
A to BUY from Hold and maintain BUY on Weichai-H.
represented 30%/18% YoY growth, respectively, before/after restatement
of 1Q22 figures (Note: LOVOL was a JV in 1Q22 as the consolidation took
place in Jun 2022). We believe the revenue growth in 1Q23 was driven by
Shareholding Structure
the strong HDT engine sales volume and operating leverage. Gross margin
was largely stable at 18.7% in 1Q23. With both SG&A and R&D expense
ratio reduced in 1Q23, net profit surged 77%/68% YoY (before/after
restatement) to RMB1.86bn. Based on our calculation, the pretax profit
Share Performance
substantially improved to -RMB471mn (1Q22: -RMB3.2bn).
■ Weichai's engine sales outpaced industry in 1Q23. According to
Source: FactSet
(vs the industry average of a decline of \sim 3\%), with a market share of \sim 16\%.
12-mth Price Performance
Decline in LNG price positive to Weichai. LNG price in late Apr has
(RM
000338 CH
SHSZ300 (Rebased)
declined 40%+ from the peak in Dec 2022. We believe it will potentially
boost the sales of LNG trucks given the lower operating cost to truck
owners. We expect Weichai to be a key beneficiary as we estimate Weichai
has >40% market share in HDT gas engine.
Higher earnings guidance for KION Group. KION (45.2% owned by
9.0Apr-22
Jul-22
Weichai) reported net income of EUR73.5mn in 1Q23 (-8% YoY), largely
Source: FactSet
due to higher net finance expense. In the 1Q23 report, KION revised up the
full year adjusted EBIT target to EUR615mn from EUR500mn due to
Related reports:
improving supply chains.
China Construction Machinery & HDT
Sector - 2023 outlook: Difficulties
Earnings Summary
mastered are opportunities won - 7 Dec
2022 (link)
Weichai Power-H (2338 HK, BUY) - Valuation close to the trough - 31 Oct
2022 (link)
Weichai Power-A (000338 CH, HOLD) -
Expect further earnings cut by the Street;
Prefer Weichai-H for large valuation discount – 31 Oct 2022 (link)
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Note: Figures for 1Q22 are before restatement
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: CICEIA, CMBIGM
Source: CICEIA, CMBIGM
Figure 8: Change in key assumptions for Weichai
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note 1: Weichai owns 45.2% interest in KION, 20% interest in Ballard Power and 20% interest in Ceres Power.
Note 2: Share of JV / associates exclude Ballard Power and Ceres Power
Note 1: Weichai owns 45.2% interest in KION, 20% interest in Ballard Power and 20% interest in Ceres Power.
Note 2: Share of JV / associates exclude Ballard Power and Ceres Power
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Risk factors: (1) Weakness in engine demand; (2) increase in component cost; and (3)
new business growth below expectations
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.