Company Review  Favorite fermentation ii 290404 Seafood Festivities (603288)
The positive factors have accumulated, and 24q1 opened the door smoothly, and the other products showed a bright eye, 2401 opened the door smoothly.
This led to a 4 per cent drop in earnings from the same year, with a corresponding revenue of -8.8 per cent per year for soy sauce/favorite sauce/veil oil, compared to -6591, representing an 8.1 per cent decrease in revenues from the same year, an improvement of 10 per cent in earnings from 2401 per year, and an improvement in the ring ratio, with 23q4 ~ 24q1 revenue from springtime delay excluded from the ratio of +0.8 per cent; and 24q1 soy sauce/convertion for the subcategory.
Changes in product structure have resulted in 23 years of interest rate fluctuations and a 2401 decrease in cost contributing to improved profitability. 23 year-round: 22.9 per cent, year-on-year, interest rate returns - 1.3 pcts. Total year-on-year break-ups were 34.7 per cent, same as 0.9 pcts, mainly due to: 1) an increase in the share of acetium and other products with lower rates; 2) elimination
Mainly due to internal management efficiency, the company has been active in the promotion of soy sauce and ice cream, and has been working with the eyes of the world to get into a sophisticated factory and rejuvenate the brand of the brand. The management cost is 2.1%, compared to +0.4 pcts, mainly due to the increase in labour costs. 24q1: the net interest rate for repatriation is 24.9%, compared to +0.4 pcts.
The net non-mortality interest rate is the same as +0.7 pcts, mainly due to the Māori rate, investment earnings, and income tax. The split shows a Māori rate of 37.3%, compared to 0.4 pcts, which is the result of lower prices for raw materials such as soybeans and package materials.
5.5 per cent, same year + 0.3 pcts, expected to be part of the early year charges due to deep-farming operations through channels; administrative costs 1) end-of-income: if macroeconomic recovery continues, it is expected to drive further recovery in demand for b-end meals, with a lower base of c-end, with pre-period stock being overtaken by three quarters and the end-of-statement
Low base, with income endings expected to increase faster; 2) Cost end: 2401 soybeans and package prices are lower by the same amount, and this trend is expected to continue throughout the year, while companies lock prices for some raw materials, contributing cost dividends.
In the long run, active attention has been paid to client structural optimization and to progress in the recovery of the channel system, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, ongoing change, short-term performance has continued, on the other hand, product-side attention has been focused on health-oriented spices such as unique prefabricated vegetables, re-alternation of meals, organic and low-sugar low salt.
The Division's long-term competitiveness as a top-level conservant is expected to drive improved performance through positive short-term adjustments, with a view to increasing the share of dividends in return for shareholders and maintaining a “recommended” rating.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Xinin, Master of Economics, People’s College of Securities, 2020, and People’s Galaxy Securities Institute, 2022, focused on non-drinking plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.) and were good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Stock Company (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.