Insurance industry transition pole, lead-value recovery corner, 17/02, 2023 Keyword: #single rate # # less than replacement cost
Why do we have to look after China's Pacific? The insurance plate implies the beta properties of economic recovery, and the alpha characteristic of life insurance debt recovery?
It is expected that the pace of growth will be positive for three consecutive quarters, with the core product risk indicators at new heights in recent years. After the first wave of post-epidemic liberalization, the logic of the insurance plate rises from macro expectations to performance, the city will gradually shift its focus from the asset to the liability end, and in 2023 it will be a test venture.
The first 18-month transition is expected to be completed by the end of June 2023. The group and the life insurance leaders have leapfrogging their commitment and confidence in the transition, and corporate performance has gone through the “shock therapy” process.
After that, the core business and financial indicators were set at 2023 young. The company’s new menus and values were first met by: (1) a steady increase in the core human capacity of the risk team; (2) a demonstration of the bottom-up role of the value insurance channel; and (3) a company built around three core needs: health, wealth, and old age.
A completely new “product-and-service” gold triangle. We believe that the company’s value growth in 2023 is driven by: 1) core manpower share and its income level. 2) With the rise in the share of paid-in operations and the contribution of guaranteed savings in the mixed business category, nbvmargin has
We expect a 1q23 listing business nbv to grow at a rate of: +5% > Country Life (+2%) > > led by the `Renewing' transformation of the insurance insurance policy, with Roe in 2022 expected to lead three of the best business performances in recent years. We expect that in 2023, although with the outbreak,
Control is relaxed, CVR (cor) is under upward pressure, while the frequency of natural disasters in recent years has highlighted non-car payments, but the company will be maintained as a result of continued efficiency gains (e.g., insurance continuity capacity, agro-risk development capacity, non-car development benefits, per capita output indicators, etc.)
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Deep value, colored still, insurance industry transition poles, lead "China Telecommunications" (601601); core financial data for three years in 2022, we found that the absolute increase in the Gestapo was second only to safety, higher than the life of the nation and Xinhua.
Quarterly review: Life insurance transitions are beginning to show signs of improvement and overall growth is more stable. The average cash share of the company since it was listed is over 40%.
The financial sector is less affected by the new accounting standards. The near retirement of Shanghai State capital and corporate executives has had an impact on the Group's success in the transition; 3) the new coronary pneumonia epidemic has become a heterogeneous strain.
Since late 2022, when macro-expected to performance certification, the Insurance Unit has led the financial plate and market counter-attack horns, and in our annual strategy we have made clear that bottom reversals at the end of the asset are at the heart of the short-term valuation restoration, with long-end interest rates being the winner of the short-term valuation restoration.
Since November 2022, real estate policies have fallen and the policy direction has been completely reversed. With the expected increase in economic recovery, long-end interest rates and equity markets are expected to rekindle upwards, and by the spring of December 2023, 2022, figure 2: Financial block equity performance is highly correlated with net FDI purchases in the current round.
An, Merchant Bank, Eastern Wealth Stock Base Period is selected at 100, the base period is set at 1 November 2022, and the first wave of the rise was released after the epidemic, the plate valuations are slightly reversed, and the next phase is focused on the recovery of the liabilities. We are mainly in the second half of January, slightly ahead of the previous year, affected by the spring stagger, adding last December’s full outbreak.
We suggest that we focus on 1q23 as a whole. We expect 1q23 to be on the market at roughly the same rate as nbv, and we expect 1q23 to be on the market at the same rate as: Taibo (+5%) > Country Life (+2%) > Peace (5%) > Xinhua (-6%) > , and to be on the market throughout the year.
The impact of the epidemic on life insurance is far-reaching and complex. The spread of the epidemic has hampered the development of the industry under one of the risk channels, the decline in the income of the workforce has made it difficult to open the gate for the build-up of the workforce, while the epidemic has affected the perception of consumption among the population, the awareness of the population, and the difficulty of marketing insurance as an optional consumption.
Large, but confidence is gradually regaining. As the infected population moves into a new phase of recovery, the relatively low- and medium-level base is light-loaded — a clear turning point in the second half of the year.” In terms of the annual pace of insurance companies' marketing activities, the key points of business are: opening the door at the beginning of the year — four-fifths — mid-year sprints — seventy-eight army expansions — ninety-two flights — ready for deployment.
We expect the risk companies to expand their operations in the second half of 2023 until the end of the first quarter, and the market will gradually shift its focus from the asset to the liability end, 2023 being the year of testing the success of the life insurance company, and the year of observing the re-engineering of the industry’s prototypes in anticipation of the valuation split.
We expect 2023 to be a year of transition for industries that will, on the one hand, validate their pre-transition effects, and, on the other hand, will be reshaped, and the oligopoly pattern will change quietly.
At the beginning of 2021, the life insurance policy anchored its vision of “building the best-service life insurance company to be a long-stayer in the life insurance industry”, launched Operation Long Air and initiated a deeper transformation. Since 2022, the life insurance policy has insisted on client demand.
In order to be oriented towards a profound shift in the development of kernels and key models driven by a transformational upgrade, a series of transformational projects, such as career marketing, service-based marketing, value insurance, product-plus service systems, have been effectively fielded and have initially shown their effectiveness.
• One: Best customer-targeting experience: steady value growth and strong market position: four new: new breakthroughs in diversification of channels, new steps towards a healthy ecology, digitalization
We're setting up new upgrades, organizing talent development on a new level, strategic core, track layout.
Implementation path Focus on upgrading the marketing team, 1+x channel layout, focus area expansion of three growth points, creating three major health strategies, big old age ecology, digital enabling sources
Strengthened by enhanced scientific and technical capacity, a sound data base, enhanced organizational capacity and enhanced human support, four strategic support points were developed.
In 2021, the company launched Operation Long Air, which led to a new round of strategic improvements in the life insurance policy. Operation Long Air clearly identified the strategic objective of “one top, two top, four new”, namely, to target the best customer experience, pursue stable value growth and a strong market position, strive for new breakthroughs in the diversification of channels, new steps in the conservation of the ecosystem, and new developments in digitalization.
• Building a “334” strategic implementation focus: 1. Continued focus on upgrading of marketing, 1+x channel layout, and focused regional expansion
3 growth points; 2. Great health strategies, big old-age ecology, digital empowerment 3; and 3. Consolidation of four strategic support points through the enhancement of scientific and technological capacity, sound data base, organizational capacity, and enhanced talent support. 2022, the life-risk company deepened its long-range landings, with the first 18 months of transition expected to be completed by the end of June 2023
In July 2021, the Life Insurance Company launched the overall design of the Long Air Transformation Project, identifying eight clusters of projects for the full-scale transformation design of channels, product plus services, stock optimization, organizational culture systems, and advocacy.
Real manpower, especially core core core core core core core basic law, is being tested; 3. Conducting internal field transition advocacy, and working together with the Director-General to face challenges and opportunities. This year, the transition is planned to promote business model change and upgrading.
The new model of professionalization, digital marketing, optimization of recruitment systems and tools, creation of demand-driven marketing support Systems, upgrading of proxy support platforms for “tech risks”, improvement of training systems, acceleration of career upgrading, and initial results in terms of the quality of the workforce. The new core indicators are largely in line with expectations.
In 2023, the transition will focus on deepening the transformational phase II, which will lead to organizational relationships that fit into the transition. 2.2. The transition resolve will leapfrog and return firmly to a client-centred approach.
As Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chai Qiang is implementing the transition plan for the Long Air Operation, with a strong commitment to transformation. As an external brain hired for the life insurance policy, Chai formally joined the company in April 2021.
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Friends China, Regional Chief Executive Officer of the Friends Group, Vice-President and Chief Executive Officer of the Micromedical Group, etc. In particular, Mr. Choi joined friendly countries in 2009 as Chief Executive Officer of the Friends China, and in 2017 as Regional Chief Executive Officer of the Friends Insurance Group in charge of the Mainland, Malaysia, Viet Nam, Malaysia, and Viet Nam.
China’s Taiwan and Myanmar operations. From 2009 to 2016, friendly China’s annualization of the new insurance system grew by 18.6% (15.4% for the group as a whole) and the value of new operations by 41.2% (26.2% for the group as a whole) without underestimating the commitment of the group and life insurance leaders to the transition.
After the shock therapy, the core business and financial indicators were lightened. Mr. Choi said on more than one occasion in public that consumers are now more rational and professional in terms of consumption, not only because consumers have a better understanding of insurance than some of the insurance companies sellers, but also because the financial needs of such consumers are more diversified.
Finding a “second curve” for development requires breaking the old model and creating a “core” model for high-quality development. Not only does the insurance industry have to change the way it used to operate in the past, it can no longer simply drive business by “pushing heads” and “favour movers” and short-term incentives, but it also needs a “core” transformation.
Underscoring “professionalization, i.e. the creation of a full-time, full-time team of marketing staff and the removal of false manpower”, we believe that core human strength is an important reference for testing the effectiveness of corporate transformation.
• First in the transition process, professionalization, i.e., the creation of a specialization — in my view, Long Air
• Consumer consumption is not a simple concept of distance, more rational and more professional.
A full-time marketing team, not only for consumers, but also for China's Taibo's long voyage.
Wood, clear the fake manpower; it's the river-to-river-to-sea, insurance-to-perfect understanding.
At the same time, for part-time work, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you, you, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
Personnel are given a transition, a cross-cutting development path for the ocean.
The three-step old model of "remediate" on the way forward, and the financial needs of the payers are even greater.
Capacity-building for applications is no longer possible.
"Second curve" with the old model, the "core" model of high-quality quantitative development
And the determination must be clear about how to do things right and right.
The difference in the way things were done, the right thing to do, can't just pull.
It's more important that Dong Kong understand how the head of the company's “favouring to move” business.
Power and flexibility need to be given in the transition process to a new single and value tipping point, leading the industry ' s debt-end recovery horn.
The Nbv single-season growth is expected to be positive for three consecutive quarters, with a significant lead in business, leading industry liabilities, the Corner of Recovery. In the first three quarters of 2022, with a 37%-39% 24% contribution of new insurance/gold insurance/group channels, we believe that the company is expected to be able to lead the industry in the first three quarters of a series of three consecutive quarters since 3q22.
New brands and values have taken the lead by benefiting mainly from: (i) steady growth in the capacity of the workforce; (ii) high growth in value insurance channels, with high yield periods; (iii) growth in operations driven by products centred around customer demand, long-storage products; (iv) steady improvement in value rates, driven by changes in group behaviour, nbs (needsbaseselling) as clients
The basic law on core manpower and its income levels continue to rise. We believe that the company's 2023 value will continue to rise.
Growth dynamics include: 1) increased workforce capacity, sustained momentum since 2q22 to optimize the capacity of the company ' s workforce, and with the contribution of mixed types of business, the company ' s nbvmargin is expected to return to the heart of history. 3) New recruitment agents, the company ' s recruitment system is shifting towards a high-quality growth orientation, and as new people ' s productivity and retention continue to increase, it will also be 2023
2.4. The product side adheres to the customer-driven marketing philosophy of "full family risk-taking" and, under the guidance of the long-distance transition, provides a new "product-plus-service" gold triangle around the three core needs of health, wealth and old age.
In an increasingly modest context, the company has taken the initiative to tap deep into its market potential, to adhere to the customer demand-oriented marketing philosophy of “full family insurance” and to continuously refine its own insurance product system to respond to the growing and rich insurance of its clients.
The product is characterized by a modest reduction in the guaranteed compensation for acute diseases (20%, 5 times) to meet the needs of different consumers for high-risk products, while safeguarding the amount of such insurance.
In November 2022, the company issued the “topstone” product program, which matches the customer’s long-term and high income security needs after a major illness. If the client is unable to work due to illness, the “topstone” pays annual compensation for loss of income.
If you are 60 years old, you will receive a lump sum for the loss of income that you are supposed to receive until the age of 60.
The company's Golden Benefit Insurance Program, launched in October 2022 as a special combination of two full-time medical insurance and the market's first long-term return of anti-cancer medical products, enhances the value of the product to the company.
It is important to contribute and respond to competition in the market. In 2023, the traditional “algesics/two whole + all-power accounts” were still at the center of the industry’s open-door products, accompanied by life-threatening product trends, and companies moved to increase life-long risk.
Accompanied by a combination of annual premium growth and savings, with three main characteristics: growth, safety and spirituality, and a combination of specialized health care services such as the Life Bank for Life Insurance, the Home for Eaves, etc., which are more likely to meet the three rigid needs of all family members: health, education, and old age.
Medium-term savings-type product sales, such as Qingcheng (Celebration) and Conservative (Celebrity) sales, meet client wealth rule 2.5. The kernel version of the Basic Law leads to the initial results of a risky transition.
See, there is room for improvement in the per capita productive capacity and per capita income of the company's workforce, and the company is also actively working to make up for the new model of professionalization, specialization, and digital marketing.
Professionalization, specialization, digitalization of transformational design. Mainly: 1. “Key” basic law, creating a closed-ring system of “better growth” to “beautiful talent”, with a greater focus on selection materials, and the formal launch of the New People's Long Air Partnership; 2.
Promotions; 3. “Technology and risk” platform to help marketers to run their clients, manage their schedules, user use and effectiveness gradually increase: 4. Develop training systems in cooperation with internationally recognized institutions, and online courses move forward as planned; 5. Promote the upgrading of the workplace, and modern, professional and open multifunctional fields begin to become marketing workers' shared workstations.
The transformation of the 3q22 company was beginning to yield results, and the core manpower ratio was both a phased outcome and a core dynamic for the next stage of the pull-over and value growth. The company strengthened the “core” basic law, driving the team to a steady monthly scale of 3q22, with 245,000 people at the end of the period, with a core workforce of 23.1% and 7.2 pt. on the same day.
A steady improvement in the quality of the workforce has been achieved: the long-term risk performance rate has increased quarterly, the first annual per capita commission income (fyc) has increased seasonally, and per capita income has increased seasonally.
Employees, civil servants/enterprises; seven-month retention rate increases quarterly, with 3q22 rising by 15.7 pct. We recognize that the growth of core human income is a guarantee of continuous specialization, professionalization and digitization.
Increased business development towards a more balanced model of marketing, regular recruitment, with a positive increase in premiums for the current three-quarter period and premium payments for the new three-month period; company-enhanced “core” basic law, which promotes merit-based organization, optimizes recruitment system processes, improves training system, improves quality of the workforce, has a monthly average core manpower ratio and has a monthly core workforce
First-year insurance business income, first-year commission income per capita per month for core manpower, same-year increase; business quality has improved significantly, with the value “chill” silver insurance actively exploring the silver insurance channel, which is now not the same as before, and the exclusive partnership network is testing water to explore the high-quality development of the silver insurance.
In the face of persistent shocks, the reversible growth of the new bond line has become an important complement to the size of the premium for life insurance companies, mainly affected by the continued spread of the epidemic, low long-end interest rates, low rates of innovation, reduced expected returns on property, continued coldness in the products of the Fund, large volatility in equity markets, and a combination of factors such as silver and silver for medium- and long-term bottom-up gains.
The company is determined to build a “chilling bond.” The silver policy focus is a strategic channel that accelerates the development of a “chilling” business model, driven by three main drivers: 1. Value points, focus strategic channels, focus provincial capitals and central cities, and focus on channel points.
2. Value products, centred on “Big Old Age, Big Health”, tailoring the entire life cycle of the customer garment ecosystem to a wide range of bank insurers; 3. High-quality teams, based on excellence, excellence, excellence, professional, efficient, and high-quality management cadres.
Since 4o21, the insurance policy has been re-launching the silver insurance system, initially by opening up a network of products, with the result that the value of the bond in 2021 is double-digit. The development of the "chilling" insurance will be value-oriented and will focus on the growth of the value of the new business.
On the basis of this, a gradual increase in the percentage of annual payments has been made, with steady increases in the value of the silver deposit channel and the value contribution of the silver guarantee channel.
In the medium-to-long term, we expect that the silver insurance channel will be an important contribution to the new business value, and that the life insurance policy will continue to work, creating a second-growth curve for insurance plus health management and old-age services, and moving into a comprehensive solution of “insurance products plus old-age community plus old-age services”.
The ESP builds a whole range of wealth, health, and old-age products and services, the Golden Triangle, which effectively improves the ability of clients to pay for their stay in high-end old-age communities through annuity, long-care, and severe health insurance to meet part of the costs of the community.
In combination with the old-age design that is consistent with life habits in Asia, we think it's a low-product, healthy, old-age + service “gold triangle” through high-quality services in old-age communities.
The large-scale effect of high-quality service delivery and the national chain is the continuous development of the moats, keeping in mind that the public administration has created a second-growth curve in insurance + health management and old-age services. The company has landed eight old-age projects in seven cities, with a cumulative construction of 6.68 million square metres and a retirement pension of 11,000 square metres.
Several indicative projects, including Chengdu, Dalian, Hangzhou, Shanghai East Beach, Shanghai Pdu, Xiamen, Nanjing, Wuhan Project, Zhengzhou, Sanya, Beijing and others, are actively under way; cumulatively, 540,000 square metres have been built, with 4,894 old-age apartments and 7,966 beds under construction. The total investment reserve has reached 11,000 beds in the second place in the insurance sector.
In addition, the company will be active in implementing the Great Health and Old Age Strategy, which will create a one-stop old-age ecology. On the one hand, it will continue to work on three main areas, enjoy and feed.
On the other hand, all efforts have been made to build the core competencies of the operational services, highlighting the special features of the “healthy and long life” services, in order to create a “love, heart, wisdom, and perseverance” for high-quality services, and to provide a solution for the ageing of happy families.
(a) To meet the needs of young people aged 55-69; and
In 2022, the insurance policy proposed a “renewal” plan. Under the leadership of the group transition of 2.0, the insurance policy was maintained.
"Four insistent, three top leaders." The "Four insistents" are committed to the fundamental goal of high-quality development, to customer-level nuclear claims, to the basic philosophy of compliance, and to the main path of transformational innovation. The "Four Top Leader" is the best customer experience, the best quality of business, the best wind control, and the best leader in the healthy and stable development of the industry.
High-quality transformations have led to improvements in the quality of the company’s operations. The combined cost of the insurance coverage is 98.7%, slightly higher than the industry, but the quality of the business has improved in recent years.
The Group ' s assessment indicator (kpi) for EPI consists mainly of: combined cost rates (minimum core), premium growth rates, profit contribution capacity, transition-type indicators (car security continuity capacity, agro-risk development capacity, non-car development benefits, per capita capacity indicators) and EPPs perform better than their counterparts, with guaranteed profit volumes rising at a higher rate of real group profit growth.
Superinsurance achieved $133,885 million in revenue from insurance operations, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period, with vehicle/non-car insurance increasing by 7.8 per cent and 18.5 per cent, respectively; combined cost (cor) decreased by 1.9 pct., with combined compensation rates down by 0.6 pct. and combined cost decreased by 1.3 pct.; and all three sections of vehicle, non-car and agricultural insurance were realized.
Insurance profits and better corps, car insurance/non-car/agricultural insurance coor ratio - 2 pct./-1.1 pct./-2.7 pct. - According to the solvency report summary, the net profit achieved by the EPP in the first three quarters of 2022 was $6.18 billion, an increase of 28.3 per cent, corresponding to 12.7 per cent for roe, and a growth in group profits.
Figure 21: The EPP rolls back to historically better levels year by year, figure 20: EPP increases at a higher rate than the industry average in 2022, and in the first three quarters of 2022, EPP leads the three old households. As of the third quarter of 2022, EPP covers.
The cumulative roe is 12.70 per cent, leading three other major players (person insurance: 12.6 per cent; peace insurance: 9.82 per cent; peace insurance: 9.63 per cent; land insurance: 1.00 per cent; national income insurance: 4.98 per cent). In a context of falling interest rates and volatile equity markets, it is not easy to achieve such returns.
The company ' s combined cost rate continues to improve, the payment rate and the cost rate are better than the industry average, and the company ' s profitability is expected to increase further: insurance premiums are warming up and the insured coor is under pressure.
The macroeconomic recovery and active fiscal policy have been conducive to the development of the production-risk sector, the structural transformation of the economy and the emergence of the dominant consumer groups, which have created a demand for multi-dimensional insurance, accelerated structural changes on the supply side of the insurance sector, and the production-risk sector, which has the potential to build a modern industrial system in the construction of new development patterns, rural renewal, multi-level social security systems,
We expect that in 2023, with the easing of the control of the epidemic, there will be an increase in the coor, while the frequency of natural disasters in recent years has highlighted the stress of the risk. Figure 22: The 2023 outlook for the EPP: premium warming, insurance coor under pressure.
Vehicle insurance: projected upward pressure on vehicle insurance payments Structural new dynamic: new energy vehicles; commercial vehicle • risk challenges: new challenges arising from inter-pricing factor adjustments for vehicle insurance; impact of travel putting pressure on vehicle insurance coor rates
Non-car: Non-car insurance is maintained at a relatively rapid rate of growth, but at a cost-of-profit level