We believe that the Xiangzhou cellar (which has the third highest brand in China's market share) will benefit from high-end white-listed factors: (1) a strong rebound in high-end and middle-end products, as a result of the reform of channels that have revived the company's brand;
There's 10% of the upper-line space, and we're going to move our rating from neutral up to buying.
For the RMB 680 per bottle, we estimate that the company will provide distributors with an increase in the price of a batch of about five grains and a price of 1573 in the cellar. If the company reduces the point of return, we expect that the cost of selling will fall, which will boost the profits.
The parent companies in the Penang cellar allow them to implement state corporate reforms, equity incentive schemes, and mergers and acquisitions. We believe that potential state enterprise reforms could be beneficial to companies because management and company interests will be better combined with the expected recovery of revenues from high-end/middle-end products; and higher consumer tax rates.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Investors should therefore take into account the possible existence of conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, and should not be considered as the appendix to this report to the disclosure of information (research assistant) or be requested to contact your investment representative.
Lai overview: buyonhigh-endspiritupcycleandcompanyreforms
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
From the beginning of the year, it's the first time I've ever seen anything like it, but it's the first time I've ever seen it, and it's the first time I've ever seen it.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
Wellpossessionedamidahigh-endspiritupcycle Brandbymarketshare, kweichowmoutai, continuesthavemitedsupplyandrisingpricees, which shouldbeofofofollowerssuchaswuliangyeandguiojiao 1573 (owned byluzhoojiao).
I'd like to thank you for your kind words, but I'd like to thank you for your kind words, but I'd like to thank you for your kind words.
Strangereboundingh-endandmid-endproducts, with Channelreformformreviveninglaojiao's brandstrength (23%/22%)revenuecagrin 2016-21eforhigh-end/mid-endbyourestimate); (2) prodactmixftupgradingtomarginexpansion.weexpectfastergrouphofhh-end
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1573, laojiao'shigh-endbrand.currentholesalepriceof guojiao1573isrm680/bottle, closetoex-factorypriceandweestimatatthecompany
10% giveawaytotistribots.gevenmoutaiwillbeiillbalalancein2h17and wuliangye'swholesalepricerisrising, guojiao1573mightflysuit.weexpectsalesexpenses todeclinestatedthecompanycuttrebates, thusbolsteringearnings.
(2) laojiao'sparentcompanhyhasempoweredittoconfactsoreform, stokincentiveplanand m&a.wethinkpotentialmixedownershipformformordbenefitlaojiaoimentinterest gettingbetterified with thatofthecompany.
: oursishingesupona recoveryohgh-endendsidemid-endspiritsetments; ifthatfallsbelowactions, incoudbea potentialrisk
Consumptiontaxratehike: laojiao'sconsumptiontaxratewasonly 10%in2016, lowerthan mooutai's 14%.iflocalgovernmentbecommentstriterinconsumptiontax, itcouldposeariskto stroongrecoveryidedbyforms
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Injune2015, luzhoolaoappointeditsnewchairman, miaoliu, andnewpresident, feng lin. shortlyaftercomingonboard, thenewmanageteambackedonaseriesofforforms, animatedbringing thecompanybacktogrovethaftofofofrecessionin 2013-2015.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Beforee2015, luzhooulaohadabout3000skus, includingmanylicensedbrands. manufacturersoftheselicensedbrandsproducedandmarkedandmarkedtown, andthenattached toa "luzhoulajiao"brandpackage.hence,brandmentwaschaoticandiffent
The superbrandstrategyamedtocutthenumberofbrands and identifiedfivekeybrandstofocusson: guojiao1573asahigh-endbrand, jaaolingandtequ asmid-endbrands, andtouqu&erquaslow-endbrands.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The companyhadcutitskus from 3000toabout400-500. on 19sep2016, the company nouncedachengeins projectmentmodel:all
"Licensed manufactursavetopolchasespiritfromluzhoulaiojiao; luzhooulaojiaowillmonitor and managetheirmanufactureprocess; andallproducedtobedteteddidated detectingplatforms.
Wetinksthesereformswillhelpluzhouulaojiaefefectivelymanageitsbrands.first, fairityof spiritisguaranteed, whichisconducetoprotectingbrandandamageofthecompanyandisgoodfor Long-termdevelopment.second, thecompanysuppleiesallthespiritsssothlicensed
On June 23, 2017, many years ago, many years ago, many years ago, many years ago, many years ago, many years ago.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
Injune2015, manageannouncthatthe companywilltemporarilyshopspplylyjiaopingjiaoling spiritotacklethechaoticpricinginthemarket.injune 2016, the companytemporarysuspendedsuplyofguojiao1573, toclearchannelinventorandbolsterprice.insep2016, the
Inmar2017, ex-factorypriceof guojiao 1573waslawisedfromromrmb620ttm680.
Wetink thesesupprovementingbrandageandsupportinglong-termdevelopment.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about.
The newmanmentofluzhoulaiojiaodecidethaisshannelmodelisnotciosististititsit
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
June 23, 2017: gaohuasecuritiesresearch source: gaohuasecuritiesresearch
June 23, 2017: copanydata wethinthenewbrandoperingmodelisconducetivetoimplementing the superbrandstrategy
Because: (1) eachbrandopering companyopersrelivelyindexently, andcanoptimize itsstrategyforrespactivebrandsintermsofpricing, marketingandbrandovertisingstrategies; (2) keydributorveownershipofbrandoperingcompaniesandadadenivizedto
I'm sorry, maximizeheirefforts; (3) comparedwiththeold "qiquan"model, Tiersofdistributorsarreduced toonlyone, andluzhooulaojiaohasbettercontroloverchannelandterminals. source: companydata
Inordertobettecreditedistribots, luzhooulaojiaohasalwaysemphasesemphasedonchannel profitmargin.forguojiao 1573, the companypanyaimstomaintainaighherchannel profitthan competitor producewuliangye.forjiaoling products, the companypanyaimstomaintinintain1.5times
Inordertobettercontrolterminals, luzhoulaojiaoasasincreasedthenumofalespeoplein thebrandoperingcompanies 1200inthebeginningof2015tomore8000now.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, iseveraladvantage sofenhancingsalesteam: (1) the companycannavemoremedfeedbackofsales, includingchangesofconsumerpreferencesandmarketconventions, either the companyreactivemorequicktomarketchanges; (2) the companyhasbettercontrolover
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, laojiao's soperatingaults howthatthecompany'sreformsssincejune2015havebeenquinquite effective.quarterlyrevenueandnetincomehasincreasedyoyys.3q15.forh-endproductguojiao 1573, salesvolumeached1,4 62/2,778tonsin2015/2016,up
95 per cent/90 per cent Yoyacordingtoourestimatate.formid-endproducts, jiaolesalesvolumeincreased 24 per cent; tequçalesvolumeincreased 77 per cent in 2016accordingtoourestimatate. overall,wethinkluzhoulaiojiao'sgrothmomentumhasrestored, whichreflectstheimpactof
And the companyisdevelopingona goodtrack.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Guojiao 1573isthehigh-endbrandoflushhoojiao. "jiao" referstoacellar, wherepirits service.whowesternliquormentsinoakbarrels, chinesespiritservicesincelllars.themore edspiritcelllarsare, thebetterspirittheyproduce.1573restothecompany'scelllarthhats
"Guo"meanstothe abovementedcelllarsbeingawardardedhe"firstcellarinchina" bytheindustryin1996. the firstbatchofguojiao1573productswerelaunchedin2001.
Marketposition guojiao 1573isoneofthefewplayersinthehigh-endspiritmarketinchina.in 2011, itsretail pricewasvenrnb 250higherthanwuliangye.however, Duringthedustrydowncyclein
2013/14, managementhikedex-factorypricebyrb110/bottleinaug 2013 30 per cent where in 2013and 65 per cent where in 2014. The companywasforcedtocutex-factypriceinjune 2014byrm319/botleandbyafurthrm130/bottleinaug2014, tomb560/botle.guojiao
1573'smarketsharedropedfrom 7% in 2012 to 2% in 2014. However, the primecutdindn'tdiminishthequalityofthespirit. withthecoverofthehigh-end spiritmarkketfromlate2015, pricesoboutoutaiandwuliangyevebeenenreasing, making
You know, I'm not sure if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it.
In 2016, Guojiao 1573'smarketshareinh-end spiritwas 4.6%. weexpectittoincreaseto5%in2017drivenbystrongreboundvolumes,
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yearsfoorguojiao 1573 (23% cagrin 2016-21e) andmoderategpmarginexpansiononthe backofprojectmixupgrade. 23 June 2017
Exhibit11: Weassumeaspofguojiao 1573tobelagely stillgoingforwardswedonotfactorinfurthprice hikes
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
jiaoling & tequé, superbrandstotapthemid-endmarket amongtheifferpricementssofthespiritmarkket,wethinkthemid-endmarkestesthe mostupsidepotentianinthenextreal years, mainlydrivenbyconsumptionupgradeofmethemass
Wethinkjiaoling & tequ, with apricenceofofmb 150-400, ispowerfulbrandstotapthepromid-endspiritmarkket.mid-endspiritsrevenueforecast
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, mackeretshaofifferentpricelevelvespirits, byvolume maretshareofiffifferpricelevelvespirits, byvenue source:gaohuasecuritiesresearch
June 23, 2017: gaohuasecuritiesresearch
jiaoling: projectixixup thejiaolingseriereshreeproducts, aged30/60/90years, with retailpriceofout rmb200/250/4000.The companypositionsjiaolingsjereriesproductsasmid-endanduppermid-
The second-townandresedhosselpedshapejiaoling spirit'sbrandimeasaspiritforsmartortandexperiencedbusinesspeople.
It's not like you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency, but you're the only one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency, and you're the one who's in a state of emergency.
Forsalesschannel, the company party stablishedjiaolingbrandoperingscompanytobettermanage brandresources.
Weestimatetheex-factorypriceofjiaolingkeptrisingin2015and2016, thanks tosttoproductmix shipftandmanage'smeuristotightensupplyandclearchanneventory.infuture, we expeculatestreameduetoproductmixchange, and 20% volumecagrin 2016-21e.
@salesvolumeofjiaolingspirit source: companydata, gaohuasecuriesresearch source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
The company fortifyd supploftequinjan2016.thankstoightedsupplyandpricehike, primeoftequhastoredtoitpreciousheightin 2013, accordingtoourestimatate.
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true, it's not true, but it's not true.
20% andtableasp. overall,weexpectlaojiao'smid-endproductstosee 22%revenuecagrin 2016-20,fasterthan
I'm sorry, the overallgrovethinmid-endspirits.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Keyproductsinclutetouquanderquary.asarelivelyindindendentoperatratingsubsidiary, Boda compantydevelopedrapidlyuntil 2013, Butsloweddowninrecentyearotheroverall slowdowninthespiritindustry.ecchoingluzhoojiao'snewsuperbrandstrategy, Boda
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(3) ficussoncountylevelchannels. inluzhoulaojiao's productionpositioning, touquis positionesa'county spirit'anderpositionedas'villespirit. inordertobetterpenetratecountialvevevevevechannels, Bodacompanyhastrestenthenedissalesteamandnownas
I don't know what you're talking about.
Wellpenetratedandwedon'tseeoverallcontenttionvolumeincreasingmuchinfutures, communicationwillallkelyintensify.managehassolsolsexplicitsaidbodacompanywill competeddirectivewithpeerstogainmarketshare.inordertowinthewarofmassmarskatspirit,
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do anything about it. I'm not going to do anything about it. I'm not going to do anything about it.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
In 2016, luzhoulagiojiao'srevenuefromlow-endproductsdeclined 31%, mainlybecauseof clearingofperipheralandlicensedbrands.asofnow, thisprocesshasalmomostcometoanend whileleaspwilllyremaintable.
June 23, 2017 markshareinmid-to-lowendmarket, byline (2015) source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
@salesvolumeoflow-endspirit @salesvollowlow-endspirit source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(was46.17) Isstillbasedon20xpeappliedto2021eepsanddiscouncountedbackbackto2017using 8.7% secretcoe. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1573inmarch 2017.however, with anotherisingpriceofpeerssuchaswuliangye,wethinkprice hikemightbepossiblein 2018.wethuscondactascenarioanalysisonapotentialpricehike situation.ouranalysessugesthatapricehikeycoudbeastrongvaluedriver.a10%pricehike
I'm sorry, according totoursenciabilityanalysis.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I, Liao Yu, cfa, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of my salary is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. The investment summary section evaluates the investment environment of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described are growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on cash investments, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry), Liao Yiao, cfa: a share of media, a share of durable consumer goods, a share of food beverages and Chinese consumer goods.
a A share of consumer durables: Goli Electrics, American Group, Qingjia Haile.a A share of food drinks: Gui Goon, Yoo River Shares, Maotai, Guizhou old cellar, Qing Qingqing, Shanxi Wine, Qingji Island Beer (a), Five Grain fluids.a A share of media: Au Fung Recreation, Light Media, Gohua Cable, Jujubner, Blue Light Sign, South-central Media, Distinguished Media, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, Orient Myeong Ju, Pinco.
China’s consumer goods: bright milk industry, modern livestock industry, Hua-yun entrepreneurship, Ying Yuan, Mon-cow dairy industry, Master Kang’s shareholding, Qingjia beer (h), integrated enterprise, Wang Wang, Wan-Wang China, Wan-Chu International, and Ili’s shares.
No specific information has been disclosed for the following companies: Rambab 50.04 Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that has not received or sold a rating and has an active rating (i.e., shares that are not suspended, temporarily rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating.
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a list of strong regional purchases or sales, which is suspended at the level of overall potential returns (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High-City Securities.