Reasons for the report: Performance rating. Business bank bond investment has been growing faster, driven by government financing. For public credit, general lending growth has been slightly weaker than in recent years, but is clearly better than last year’s low base; instruments are discounted.
This year, the banking sector’s “open door” credit was over-expected, and the credit base grew steadily during the year. Compared to the industry, loans from businesses and banks grew faster than the industry, reflecting the company’s leading position within the industry.
Debt issuance declined from a high level and business bank assets are expected to grow at a slower pace than industry. For other major assets, buy-backs increased by 46.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a clear boost to total q2 assets, mainly as a result of changes in the company’s combined funds, and increased market penetration.
q2 business deposits have recovered significantly. Since q3 the growth rate of m2 has risen at a steady pace, the periodicization of bank deposits has eased, and it is expected that the workers’ and banks’ liabilities will remain in a favourable position. 15 bps down, about 52 bps down, compared to the previous period.
Business and Industry Bank (601398): Interest differentials and intermediate interest rates are more pronounced, on the other hand, because of higher government debt issuances in recent years, lower interest rates, debt, business income pressure or flattening - companies
Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398): Low interest differential pressure 41bps, larger than q1 by the same year, mainly due to interest-reducing weight pricing effects on multi-wheel deposits.
The interest rate on the loan and the heavy pricing effect of the lpr decline will still have some negative impact on the q2 rate, but the interest rate on the capital drops to a low level and the periodicization of the deposit reduces the likelihood of buffering asset end pressure.
A new round of interest cuts on deposits. Overall, the debt-end buffer effect is clear, and the pressure on interest margins is expected to continue to subside.
In addition, since July, market activity has continued to increase, wealth management revenue has been resilient, and further repair of fees and commissions is expected. Poor rates are generally stable, and lending pressures are expected to be manageable.
At the end of June, the rate of non-performing loans was 1.33 per cent, with a flat ring ratio, which has remained at its lowest level in recent years. For forward-looking indicators, the rate of concern has declined, mainly as a result of increased corporate recognition, and the rate of overdue payments has continued to rise slightly with the industry. Since 2024, there has been a more pronounced upward trend in the banking sector, reflecting rising income and employment pressures among the population, and the quality of individual loans in the industry is consistent with industry trends.
However, given the pressures that remain at the macro level, the risk point needs further observation. For the public sector, the overall asset quality of the manufacturing, leasing and commercial services, real estate, etc., continues to improve.
In principle, poor recognition and write-offs are maintained at a high rate of 0.24 per cent for the first half of the year (with write-offs) and 13.44 per cent for poor loans, all of which are at a high level in recent years. Overall, while individual lending disturbances still exist, the overall quality of assets is expected to remain stable, owing to positive factors, such as the improvement in the quality of public assets and the prudent disposal of poor assets.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Annual interest differential pressure or flattening due to relative restraint in the decline in policy interest rates, apparent buffers in interest rates on end-of-debt funds and deposits. In addition, intermediate operating income is expected to remain sound in a stressful business environment, owing to the impact of tariff reforms and the availability of well-established and diversified capital market repairs
The Ministry’s investment in state-owned banks will boost market confidence in state-owned businesses; (3) corporate dividends are stable, dividends are high, and long-term funds such as insurance, social security funds, and passive funds are more attractive, and we maintain an “upscaling” rating.
Figure 1 Size and acceleration of total assets of business banks, Figure 2 Size and pace of financial investment by business banks, Figure 3 Size and pace of total lending by business banks
Figure 4 Size of new loans by business banks q2 for the calendar year, in billions of yuan, Figure 5 Size and acceleration of bank deposits by business banks, Figure 6 Structure of bank deposits by business and industry
Figure 7 Single-quarter interest differentials and year-on-year changes in business banks Figure 820251H1 Business Bank charges and commission revenue and year-on-year growth in the left axis units: billions of yuan; Figure 9 Business Bank Bad Rates, Concerns and Overdue Rates
Figure 10 Business Banks ' Poor Lending Rates (BBS) Figure 11 Business Banks ' Unperforming Rates of Public Loans Series, using data on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.