On July 29, the company released the first generation of sodium ion batteries with a single energy density of 160wh/kg, close to 80% in 15min.
The sodium ion batteries are in import, at lower cost and low energy density \triangleright
Accomplishments: 1) Lower costs, with material costs reduced by 30-40% based on data from Central Cohaina. Reasons: a. Sodium resources are abundant, 6th in the order of abundance, 400 times as high as lithium, and the distribution of resources is evenly distributed. b. Negative polar streams can be converted from copper to aluminium. 2) Industrialized rapidly, chemical properties and principles are close to lithium ion cells, equipment.
Process, membrane sharing: Lithium hexafluorate can quickly be converted to sodium hexafluorate. 3) Low temperature performance is excellent, with a retention rate of more than 88% at 20°C, which is better than 70% of lithium ion batteries.
Low; 2) Low number of loops, with large ion volumes leading to testing the performance and strength of positive and negative polar material at the time of de-arculation. Corporate technology forwards, sodium ion batteries lead the global energy density of 160wh/kg, the highest global level; fast charge of up to 80% at constant temperatures of 15min; low temperatures
With excellence, more than 90% of the discharge retention rate at 20°C: system integration efficiency exceeds 80%; heat stability exceeds national mandatory standards; system integration allows the integration of sodium ion cells with lithium ion batteries, which can be used with bms, more. The company’s first generation sodium ion batteries are expected to form the basic industrial chain in 2023, and the next generation of sodium ion electric power.
Pool monomer energy density will reach 200wh/kg. Sodium ion cells are expected to effectively supplement lfp in areas such as storage energy \triangleright
The energy density of sodium ion cells is low compared to lfp, but there are clear advantages in low-temperature and fast-filling performance, with clear advantages in high-cold-high power applications. If industrialization is successfully completed, the frequency of cycling is raised, it is expected to be applied on a large scale in areas where storage, low-speed electric vehicles, etc. are cost-sensitive and low-energy-density requirements.
Index 164 ttm, taking into account that the company is a global power cell tap with a strong new technology leader, Research Assistant: Li Kyung-po sodium ion battery commercialization application is not as fast as expected: lithium ion battery costs are lower than expected; downstream demand is less than expected.
Yearly performance forecast ratings: faster performance growth, industry-led advantage emerging Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
Tingya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and joined in December 2020. Li Kyung Po, Shanghai Transport University Ben-sung, five years ' experience in the auto industry, was employed in the national sea securities, joined in February 2021, and was responsible mainly for new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.