The Ningde era (300,750): Reservation energy has grown rapidly, and the share of overseas business has risen.
Event: The company released its semi-annual report for 2021, which generated operating revenue of $4.475 billion, a year-on-year growth, and was the leading global new energy innovation technology company, contributing to providing a first-rate solution to new energy applications globally.
Power cell business as a whole meets expectations. In the first half of 2021, it benefited from the growth of the new energy automobile industry, and from services (from the company network of officials) The company ' s power cell system generated revenue of $30,451 million, an increase of 125.94 per cent over the same period, based on the first half of the year.
Based on an average square trio power cell price of 0.75-0.8 yuan/wh (excluding taxes), the company is expected to deliver 35-40gwh, taking into account factors such as the normal stock of downstream cars, the global market share of the company is around 30 per cent, and we judge that it is mainly influenced by fluctuations in the prices of raw materials.
Many policies support the development of the storage industry, and we expect the storage industry to enter a fast-growing phase in which it is expected to become another major growth point for the company. Moreover, the current level of Māori in the company’s storage system is higher than in the power cell system, or it is positive for the company’s profitability.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $10.2 billion from offshore operations, and in the same year, it raised $58.2 billion in investment power and storage battery projects. More productive capacity is guaranteed on a sustainable basis. We believe that the company, as a global lithium ion battery tap, is in business mode, supply chain layout, size,
Costs and brands are competitive and are expected to grow as new energy cars, storage, etc. Profit forecasts: we expect companies to return $11.308 billion in net profits in 2021-2023, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Chinese People's University, Master of Science in Economics, Beijing University of Science and Technology, B.A. in Material Science and Engineering, joined the East Hing Securities in 2019.
Research on electrical equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobile industry chain, Cheng Dandan Securities and Wah-tae Associated Securities, abb.
Shen Yifan was invited as guest speaker for the 2018 Swedish Green Traffic Congress.
Master of Arts, University of Cornell, and Bachelor of Arts, University of New York, who worked in China for the construction of the Huadong Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydropower, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, garbage power generation, etc., and joined the Association of Eastern Analysts in July 2018. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
The Ningde era (300,750): the rapid growth of storage capacity, the rise in the share of overseas operations, investment decisions, and self-taking of investment risks.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.