Power increases, storage is over-expected, and the leadership highlights the power cell system of the Ningde era (300,750.sz). According to the Sino-Air Association, our new energy vehicle was sold cumulatively in January-June 2021.
In the first half of the year, according to sne data, the global power cell load was 34.1 gwh, a 240% increase.
Corporate power cell systems generated sales revenue of $30,451 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 125.9 per cent in the same year;
Long, economics and risk awareness have contributed to an increase in side savings for users, a rise in global storage markets, and a higher than expected growth in storage operations for companies. The company has delivered multiple megawatt-hours in the first half of the year, generating $4.69 billion in sales revenue for the storage system, a significant increase of 727.4 per cent; and the Māori rate.
The company uses valuable metals such as nickel, cobalt, manganese and other metals from used lithium ion batteries through processes such as processing, refining, synthesizing, and producing lithium ion cell materials such as tri-dollar pre-drives.
Six months of revenue from sales of lithium battery materials was $4,986 million, an increase of 303.9 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate was 21.2 per cent, an increase of 2.1 pct in the same year.
The year is expected to remain high. 3) The corporate earnings abroad in the first half of the year amounted to 23.1%, the offshore Māori ratio was higher than the domestic rate of 9.3 pct, and the offshore ratio was higher for stable companies.
Automotive battery systems, storage energy systems, with core technical advantages and sustainable research and development capabilities in key areas of the production chain, such as battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc. Companies continue to deepen their strategic collaboration with key clients in mainstream global mainframes, and continue to strengthen in the area of market segmentation.
In addition, sodium ion batteries are expected to become the company’s next performance growth point.
Risks; the need for lithium batteries falls short of expectations; the risk of customers not expanding as expected; the risk of too large an upscaling upstream material without being able to direct downstream. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
In November 2010, the Department of Galaxy Securities was joined in the sixth place in the department of electricity, environmental protection, gas, electricity equipment, and new energy. The Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch of the United States of America, where they worked as financial advisors (ir) and marketing directors.