The Sini Shan Times (300,750.sz) reporting reasons: semi-annual reviews.
Power batteries continue to be fully productive, and storage operations and the overseas market have grown significantly. On August 26, 2021, the new energy vehicle and storage energy market were bursting, leading to a doubling of battery revenues.
During the reporting period, significant increases in the volume of new energy vehicles were achieved, with sales of power cell systems increasing by 125.94 per cent to $30,451 million in the same year; sales of lithium battery materials to companies increased by 303,89 per cent to $4,986 million in the same year.
Rapid growth in volume and rapid increase in demand for grid-side storage power, storage system sales Market data: 25 August 2021, high growth in overseas operations, 355.45% over the same period.
In January-June, 190,000 new light vehicles were sold in the United States. The rapid growth of new energy sources abroad was a driving force for the market value of the share of the circulationa (billions): an increase in revenues in the Ningde era and $10.2 billion in overseas revenues during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase.
Energy expansion is accelerating, with higher capacity utilization. The company's power cell capacity is now based on data: 92.50gwh on 30 June 2021, far higher than that of other companies.
The effective catalogue of new energy vehicles is over 2,400 vehicles, with more than 1,200 vehicles, or about 50% of them, in the company power tanks. A wide range of high-quality customers have become stable. The Ninder era, from technology to market expansion, has shown great power and power storage.
In addition, the company's overseas operations are growing rapidly and there is still a large market space in the European and American markets, and it is expected to become a company in the future.
In the city of Taiwon, Trade Center No. 69 West Street, 28th floor, a.k.a., a.k.a., a.k.a., a.k.a., is maintained with an “uptake” rating.
7th floor of the intercentre, new energy sales are below expectations; macroeconomic downs continue; and the epidemic continues.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.