On the 18th of August, Ninder's official network revealed that Ninder had signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Shanghai's city government.
A strategic cooperation agreement with Shanghai’s city governments in the Ningde era is expected to increase support for Shanghai’s vehicles.
\triangleright The Ninder era is entering into strategic cooperation framework agreements with Shanghai municipalities, global innovation centres and interstate headquarters in Shanghai, future energy institutes, high-end manufacturing bases, etc.
The Unit worked with the Maritime Transport University to create a front-line platform that combines “research innovation” and “brain development.” The Shanghai Municipal Plan for Accelerated Development of the New Energy Automobile Industry (2021-2025), issued in February of this year, states that:
In 2025, more than 1.2 million vehicles were produced annually by local new energy vehicles, and the Ningde era, in cooperation with the Shanghai municipality, is expected to continue to increase its cooperation with the Shanghai Car Company.
By the end of 2020, \triangleright produced about 100 gwh, which is expected to reach 200 gwh by the end of this year, and it has further strengthened its position as the world’s seven world-wide world-planners for cellular battery production. The company is now the public, BMW, Daimler, psa, modern, and modern.
Most of the world’s front-line car companies, Tesla and others, are expected to have more than 30% of the company’s global market by 2025. With more productive layout in storage, the new track will grow at a high rate \triangleright \triangleright
In April 2021, the Board and the Department of Energy jointly issued Guidance on Accelerating the Development of New Stockpiles (for market-based development). As the cost of lithium batteries and photovoltaic systems continues to decline, the economics of side storage for power generation are gradually becoming apparent.
The Ninder era has been growing for many years in the field of storage, and last year it was a joint venture with the National Network Integrated Energy Services Group Ltd., a research assistant: the Lee Jingbo National Network era, prior to the establishment of joint ventures with pcs supplier, Kosda, and lithium power provider, Nebula, etc.
The Division ' s energy storage system generated $1.943 billion in 2020, an increase of 218 per cent over the previous year, and the proposed expansion of the 30gwh storage cabinet is expected to yield high growth in storage operations.
cs New Capable Vehicle Index 157 times greater (ttm), taking into account the company's continued consolidation of the global power cell tap, and rating that performance is growing faster, that industry's excellence is evident and that business has a greater growth potential, and that the “recommended” rating is maintained.
2. An event review for the Ningde era (300,750): the long line points, the accelerated industrialization of sodium ion batteries, higher prices of upstream raw materials, lower demand downstream and less progress in building new capacity.
Bonds, Dong Wu Securities, and Chinese Securities, joined in August 2020. Li Kyungbao, Shanghai Transport University, was very active, with five years of experience in the auto industry, and joined in February 2021, mainly in the research of the new energy and motor vehicle industry chain.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.