The power reserves are growing in both ways, and the industrial chain is stronger than ever before.
The power cell's global tap is strong, accelerating overseas market release. According to sne data, the global power cell consumption for six months is 144.1gwh, of which the catl use is 34.1gwh, the city is in charge.
In the first half of the year, the company's power cell system collected $30.45 billion, or 23 per cent of the Māori rate. Moreover, the benefits of the model3 Shanghai factory exports and the e-2008 supply, among others, have accelerated the expansion of overseas markets.
In January-May, the company sold 4.4gwh on the non-China market, basically along the same water horizon as Samsung and ski. The company’s overseas market generated $10.2 billion in the first half of the year, up to 34%.
Demand has grown, with companies delivering multiple megawatt-hours, leading to faster storage of energy batteries. The company’s storage battery system generated $4.69 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 727,36% in the same year, and the Māori rate of 36.6%, an increase of 12 ppt in the same year.
At the end of \triangleright 2021h1, the stock size of the company amounted to $24.2 billion, 7 billion by the end of the ring q1. In the case of ring prices, the company had to some extent overtaken the upward pressure through its purchasing and inventory policies.
The size of the stock also augurs well for the next half of the year. The power of the industry chain is strong, maintaining a steady level of cash flow through, inter alia, accounts payable.
At the same time, to cope with the increase of $18.3 billion at the end of q1 and $28.2 billion at the end of last year, to shift the pressure of cash flows to suppliers, the cash flow of corporate operations in the first half of the year was $25.7 billion, of which $14.8 billion for q2 seasons, with a 35 per cent ring-on increase, largely covered by investment cash flow expenditures.
Risk factors: risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, failure to build production capacity, exchange rate fluctuations
"Cindasecuritiesco., ltd Risks, Change of Technology Risks, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.