• Events of 13 August 2021: a company announcement proposing to raise an additional $58.2 billion for the expansion of lithium batteries at 5 major bases at 137gwh, 30gwh
Construction of energy cabinets and 7 billion for R & D inputs, including: Foding Times (60gwh), Rueqing Age I (30gwh), Jiangsu Age IV (30gwh), Peng City Times Car Bay Project (15gwh and part of pack line), Huxi Project II (2gwh lithium ion batteries, 30gwh energy cabinets) and Ninder Age New Energy First
The Ningde era power build-up speeds up and increases the storage capacity layouts beyond our expectations. New product cycles have triggered the toc end demand surges and the Ningde era has accelerated production expansion to meet the dynamics due to the intensive roll-out of a pure powered platform.
The announcement identified the previously announced Jiangsu era, the Fu Ding era, the Rhyung era, and the Bay Base Production Plan, which combined 135 gwh, and the planned expansion of this new lake west-west project to expand 2gwh power cells + 30gwh energy cabinets.
Seven major bases, including the Ningdhang Bay area (East Bridge/Log East/Lake West), Ninder Road Bay, Nindford Fodding, Yiyang, Sichuan and Qinghai bases, and German factories, with a combined planned capacity of more than 500 gwh; taking into account the combined capacity of assets as of 13 August 21st year, the company ' s capacity is planned to be close to 600 gwh, with the largest capacity planned in the global battery industry
By the end of 2020, we expected to expand to around 200gwh by the end of 2021.
Nearly 600gwhh, meeting firms’ demand for hand orders, will support companies to remain fully ahead of 30% or more of the world’s loads, with productive customers and so on, with long-term loads expected to outpace our expectations. The Ninder era has been fully ahead of us in terms of technology reserves, household bookings, capacity layout, cost control, etc., and global leadership is well established.
From 2018 to the present, there have been impressive performances, including Tesla, BMW, the general population, the general population, psa, modernity, Toyota, etc., with more flowering until 2025, with a high visibility of orders. Since this year, companies have been working with front-line companies to deepen, including access to modern 2023 power supply platforms, renewal of the four-year supply agreement with Tesla, and renewal of the four-year supply agreement with Tesla.
According to the sne data, Ningde's 2021 H1 global loading rate of 34gwh was 30%, an increase of 5 pct from 2020, far ahead of the company.
Sla signed the agreement to open up the global market with a strong bargaining power and, given the scarcity of raw materials, still has access to stable supply channels and competitive purchasing prices, Field 2021-06-29.
And the company ' s manufacturing costs continue to fall down with the increase in capacity utilization and the application of the ctp process, so we believe that public 2, the Ningde era (300,750): deepening strategic cooperation among car enterprises, and the level of supply chain cooperation and divisional profitability can remain largely stable.
Strong, full-scale acceleration of global battery taps — investment proposal: industry is much better than we expected, company orders are much higher than we expected, and we expect companies to build energy storage cabinets and $7 billion for R & D inputs:
1) Favour Age (60gwh): Lithium ion cell production base project, with a total investment of 18.37 billion yuan; 3) Jiangsu IV (30gwh) power and energy lithium ion battery development and production project, total investment 4)
(b) Phase II of the Lake West Project (2gwhithion ion batteries, 30gwhh storage cabinets): Power and storage projects, with a total investment of 3.61 billion yuan;
The Ninder era power expansion speeds up and increases the storage capacity layouts above our expectations. With the intensive launch of the pure powered platform, the new product cycle drives the toc end demand, and the Ninder era expansion accelerates to meet power power power.
The announcement identified the previously announced Jiangsu era, the Fuding era, the Riging era, and the Bay Base Production Plan, which together amounted to 135 gwh, and the planned expansion of this new lake west-building project to expand 2gwh power cells + 30gwh energy cabinets.
In December 2020, an investment of 12 billion yuan was announced in four phases of construction, with an explicit investment of 11.7 billion yuan in production capacity of 30 gwh, and a single investment of 390 million yuan in production capacity.) In December 2020, an investment of 18.4 billion dollars was announced in the Fukuding era, and in December 2020 60gwh, an investment of 310 million yuan was announced in the Guangdong Qing era.) In February 2021, an investment in the Guangdong Shuqing base was announced.
12 billion dollars, this time clearly, the sum of 400 million yuan. 4) In January 2020, the Bay Base was announced to invest 10 billion yuan. This announcement invests 73 billion yuan in planning the production capacity of 15 gwh and part of the pack, and 490 million yuan in single gwh. 5) The second phase of the lake west expansion project invests 3.6 billion yuan for this new project and plans for 2gwh power.
The company has increased the layout of its energy storage project, and in 2020 it was able to deliver 2-3gwh, and in 2021 we expected to increase its stock to about 12gwh, which is a significant increase. This lake west expansion project adds 30gwhh storage, which is faster than we expected.
Seven major bases, including the Ningdhang Bay area (East Bridge/Log East/Lake West), Ningdh Road Bay, Ningdfung Dung Ding, Yiyang, Sichuan and Qinghai bases, and German factories, with a combined planned capacity of over 500 gwh; taking into account the combined capacity of assets as of 13 August 2021, the company ' s capacity is planned to be close to 600 gwh, with the highest capacity planned in the global battery industry (LG planning 2025)
At the end of 2020, the company’s capacity was 117gwh (single 100gwh), and at the end of 2021 we expected to expand to around 200gwh. This expansion of the Lake West base, Xiaoyang IV, Ninder Fodding base, Cavald base, Choking base, will be close to 600gwh by 2025 to meet the company’s requirements.
In the Ningde era, we have been able to achieve excellent targets from technological reserves, guests, and so on, including Tesla, BMW, the general public, psa, modern, Toyota, and so on.
More flowers, with high visibility of orders until 2025. Since this year, companies have been working with front-line companies to deepen, including access to the modern 2023 pure power platform, renewal of the four-year supply agreement with Tesla, and 10-year strategic agreement with the Wall. In the long run, we expect Ninder to have more than 45% of domestic loadings, more than 25% of overseas loadings, and with that,
The company’s share in the European market has increased, its share in Tesla is expected to continue to rise, its output has continued to rise, and there is a high level of profitability and resilience. According to the sne data, Ninder’s share of global H1 installed in 2021 is 34gwh, 30% worldwide, up from 5 pct in 2020.
The industry chain is super-negotiated, with secure supply channels and competitive purchasing prices in the face of tight raw materials, and the company’s manufacturing costs continue to decline as capacity utilization increases and the ctp process is applied, so we believe that the company’s profit level can remain essentially stable.
Investment proposal: The industry has a much higher profile than we expected, the company has a higher order than we expected, and we expect Toshio Securities Inc. to have portfolio investment with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.