The new lithium cell plus the electrical layout, the technological progress of the taps has accelerated.
• Events: 1) The company plans to invest $13.5 billion in the construction of a new lithium battery production base in Ie Chun, Jiangxi Province, with a construction cycle expected to last 30 months; 2) The company intends to co-invest in the establishment of the “Sushu-era New Energy Technology Company Ltd.” in Suzhou with Shanghai, Suzhou and Jiang Yong.
The new lithium battery is still expected to be a trinity/thiium system, but it will be innovative on its original basis, such as upgrading the material system (four-dollar high nickel, phosphate-manganese lithium batteries, etc.) or changing the envelope form to large cylinders, ctc, etc.
The signing of a cooperation agreement with the City of Yichun and the City of Yichun Mining Company, and the signing of a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with the United New Energy Motors, the new Ichun base close to the lithium cloud mother resource, will take full advantage of the regional advantages, strengthen resource-side, client-end binding and further enhance the company's upstream-downstream synergies.
The layout, which reflects the Ningde era ' s leading edge in technological progress, production and distribution, is the first year that Europe and the United States have been selling electric cars, and we expect to sell more than 3 million vehicles in the domestic market, a 125 per cent increase over the same period; the European market is expected to sell 2.1-2.2 million vehicles, a 69 per cent increase over the same period;
Doubles the growth, matching the demand for power cells to more than 250gwh. At the same time, new vehicle models are so intense that new forces like fire, conventional cars are accelerating their transformation, global electric power is impeccable, and we expect that the penetration rate of electric cars will accelerate in the next 10 years.
With domestic market power of 80 gwh, overseas power market of 20 gwh, storage capacity and two wheels expected to reach 15 gwh in 2022, more than 240 gwh in 2022, doubling the year to two consecutive years of high growth. As companies have entered the global mainstream vehicle supply chain, and most of them have access to main sources of supply,
Bing, there's a lot of room for future growth, and we're projecting that in 2025 we'll be able to reach the target of one, "Ninger Times" (300,750): "Tops are super strong, they're so profitable, they'll be able to store and export bright eyes open."
II. The Ningding Age (300,750): Added Codes, Power Growth, Re-enhanced Global Trend Strength 3; The Nind Age (300,750): and Tesla
Signing of the Association of Governors, Opening the Global Market, 2021-06-Incident: 1) The company intends to invest $13.5 billion in the construction of a new lithium cell manufacturing base in the city of Yichun, Jiangxi Province, expected to last 30 months; 2) The company intends to co-invest in the establishment of “Su” in Suzhou with Quetta, Suzhou and Kang Yong, Shanghai
The state-era new energy technology company, which focuses on electric car-driven control systems, spends $1.350 billion, holding 54% of the joint venture. The new IYu Spring base, which is configured for a new lithium battery capacity.
The company signed an agreement on September 13 with IYC and IYC Mining to sign a comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with the new United Energy Vehicles, and this new IYC base is close to lithium cloud resources.
It will take full advantage of the locational advantages, strengthen resource-side and client-end binding, and further enhance the company’s upstream and downstream synergies. It will further refine the company’s production profile, and reflect the Ninder’s leading edge in technological progress, production-level configurations, and a strong leader.
Kang has taken a major step forward by joining forces with the power control system. Kang Yong, former Deputy Director General of Sinkuan Technology, former Director of Engineering, and Director of the Production Line, founded Suzhou in 2020, holding 99% of the contributions. The Ningde era was tied to Kang Yong-chung, with $2.5 billion to set up a joint venture, of which Ningde contributed $1,350 million, with 54% of the shareholdings, and Suzhou's new addition.
The sum of $898.83 billion, of which $115 million is to be financed from 99% of the shares of the Sioux State Xi-An and the Su-Anz control systems; and the balance of 1.64 million is to be financed from the balance of 1%. Kang Yong indirectly holds 36% of the shares and is to be the managing director of the joint venture.
Hold. This layout is expected to be an important breakthrough for the Nender-era ctc technology, and ctc will need to integrate the core chassis, replace the battery shell with the top and bottom floor floors, and then combine the electrical, electrical, whole voltage, dc/dc, obc, etc. through innovative structures and optimize power distribution and reduce energy consumption through intelligent power domain controllers.
The battery manufacturer needs to be more deeply involved in the development of electric vehicles, and this layout is an important step in the Ningde era, and we expect to start with commercial vehicles, followed by vehicle technology, which is expected to be officially launched at a high level of integrated ctc battery technology around 2025, which will further widen the gap between second-line battery manufacturers and have a strong leader.
Global electric vehicle sales are impressive, and we expect companies to grow their sales from 2021 to 2022. In mid-2021, Europe and the United States were both high sales, with domestic markets expected to sell more than 3 million vehicles, a 125 per cent increase; European markets are expected to sell 210 to 2.2 million vehicles, a 69 per cent increase; and the United States market is expected to sell 700,000 vehicles, a 116 per cent increase, a global increase.
Over 6 million vehicles in total, nearly doubled over the same year, responding to the demand for power cells by 250gwh. At the same time, new vehicle types are so intense, new power is so intense, traditional cars are so fast to transform, global power is so fast that we expect that in the coming years, batteries will be more than 115gwhh, a 125% increase in the same year, with 80gwh, power from the domestic market, and overseas.
The power market is about 20 gwh, storage capacity and two wheels are expected to reach 15 gwh in 2022, with more than 240 gwh in 2022, double the year-on-year growth, two years in a row. As companies have entered the global mainstream vehicle supply chain, and most of them have access to the main location, there is much room for growth in the future, and we expect the company's battery output to reach nearly 600 gwh in 2025.
Investment rating: Due to the continuing downstream weather overmarket expectations, we expect to return to net profit in 2021-2023.