The power cell is stable, the storage energy is over-expected, the Nender Times (300,750) evaluation reports that the power cell has increased its output, and the Māori level is over-expected: according to the sneresearch data, the company is on-line.
The market value of a share in circulation (million yuan) has been 33.3gwh for power batteries for six months, an increase of more than 200% over the same period.
Because of the low base effect of last year’s epidemic, on the one hand, the company’s market share rose from 24.6% to 29.2% last year, further consolidating its leadership position. With the company’s power cell surge in the first half of the year, the company’s power cell Māori ratio remained stable at 23%, down from the same time.
3.5 pct, representing a strong cost-control capacity of the company. Repository operations continue to be released, and future growth can be expected: companies continue to grow their operations at a high rate of $4,693 million in sales revenue from the storage system in the first half of 21 years, an increase of 727 per cent over the same period.
The rate was 36%, with a significant 12pc increase in the same year, and in the first half of this year, the company was able to produce several 100-megawatt-hours-scale projects, and the storage of operations was expected to rise both in volume and in profitability. We kept looking at the vast space in the future of the industry, and the company was able to develop its operations in the future.
The company’s recent announcement to raise the amount of equity to be released has remained stable, with a significant increase in storage operations of more than $58.2 billion for expansion of productive capacity.
The project phase 30gwh, Jiangsu power and storage battery project 30gwhh, Nindung City project 15gwh _aaa_Nind era (300,750) Quarterly Review Report 2gwh, etc., will expand production capacity planning further and raise the city’s share.
_aaa_Nind Times (300,750) Biannual Report Review Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: Risk factors: New Energy Automobile Industry Policy Changes, New Productive Capacity and New Technology Development Risks, Māori Taking into account corporate Māori Rates and more than anticipated sales of storage energy
The decline in the rate and the volume of orders fell short of the expected risks.