♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪ ♪ We've got a lot to do ♪
In 2017, companies completed 3,052 million votes, up 18 per cent from the previous year, below the industry average, but benefited from higher unit prices, with companies moving 70,609 million yuan in logistics throughout the year.
This represents an increase of 23.57 per cent, or 1.82 percentage points over the previous year; the cost of fast-moving operations increased by 22.93 per cent over the year, less than the increase in income; and the Māori rate increased by 0.42 percentage points over the same year by 19.97 per cent.
The company's two traditional businesses are growing robustly: a 1.52-hour reduction in the annual terminus, a 4.82 billion yuan tax-free revenue from the Jeopardy business, a 22.58 per cent increase in the same year, and a target client group.
In 2017, 13.49% of the net revenue from heavy cargo operations, cold transport operations, international operations, and co-mingled distribution operations, when there is a “price-for-money” concept, Happiness has already taken over the market in areas such as medicine and raw logistics.
Proactive power, and high barriers. This will open up the way for traditional logistics operations, which are bound to slow down at the pace of growth, to the creation of intelligent, information-based, stereo-logistic logistics networks that integrate the Skynet, the Earthnet, and the information network to create an integrated network of logistics services that are economically efficient.
Companies have become the largest freight carriers and the largest air cargo owners in the country; the civil airport in Hobei State has been approved, which will make good achievements in building a national, radiation-global air transport network. Ground-service network coverage, dry feeder transport, and end-of-end delivery capacity have been further strengthened.
The company’s smart web platform, smart warehouse network, and smart terminal applications play an important role in improving logistics efficiency and providing customers with smart warehouse solutions. Business volume is driven by base factors to increase or narrow down; but differentiated business positioning, and efficiency.
Smart logistics solutions will help companies maintain high barriers, and fare bill prices are expected to rise further; and cost increases will be lower than income gains as a result of improved economic efficiency. So we expect firms, power suppliers and couriers, to grow less than expected; new businesses to expand as expected; markets to fluctuate and shareholders to lose.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China, currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.