Transport of Consistency Holdings (002352) New operations accelerated, airports approved, moat river further expanded, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: Companies issued their annual 2017 report. Companies achieved 3.05 billion business in 2017, with a steady growth in their traditional business and an accelerated expansion of their new business. With the overall slowdown in the express delivery sector, the volume and income of the public sector has remained at a high rate of growth, with a 17.6% increase in the time-limited product income compared to that of the economy.
Income from products increased by 22.6 per cent over the same period and from the economy, the statute of limitations and traditional operations reached $61.5 billion in 2017, an increase of 18.8 per cent over the same period.
The main sector in the sub-markets will have a greater network effect, and the two will develop in tandem, and after the new business is profitable in all categories, it is expected that the company’s performance will grow faster than business growth. The Māori ratio will increase slightly compared to the ratio, mainly as a result of STI and network synergies.
The company has been able to reduce efficiency by investing in high-tech smart terminals, human assets, etc. It has been able to expand new operations, such as heavy goods, cold transport, matchmaking, and international operations, to some extent, as traditional business matures.
The airport will be prepared for rehabilitation, and the moat will be expanded further. The airport will work with the company and the Hubei government.
The hub airport project has now been approved by the State Council and the Central Military Commission.
The company’s main business is courier services, a share of which is consistent with the company’s market position.
Consistency Holdings (002352): Private Express Loops, Larges, Express Expresss, Round Expresss, etc., currently around 30 times the industry valuation hub, but HS Holdings, as the industry leader, enjoys a certain lead premium, the company's traditional business is growing steadily, the new business is growing at a high rate, the state of Ao
Consistency Holdings (002352): q3 performed at a good pace, airports were cleared, and further integration of the three networks, Skynet, GeoNetwork and Information Network, is expected in the future
So, we think it's reasonable for companies to value higher than other comparable companies.
The new business is doing as much as it can, double and 28 times, maintaining an “uptake” rating, and the cost of couriers, such as raw materials, or rising on a continuous basis.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.