Oxy State Airport was officially approved, with four quarters of high performance, and HS Holdings announced a fast-track performance in 2017: 71.1 billion yuan in business earnings for companies in 2017, an increase of 23.68 per cent; and 4,771 million yuan in net profits for shareholders in listed companies, an increase in the same year.
Growth in revenue was steady and the product structure was gradually changing: the volume of express goods grew by 28.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2017, while the revenue from express goods grew by 24.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
1. Cost control is excellent, with a single-season major performance surge, or as a result of the rising share of revenue from new business contributions (cold chain and heavy billing revenues).
High performance and increased profitability in the fourth quarter of the quarter of the year 2017: Relocation of companies in the fourth quarter of 2017: 2. " On express delivery, the net profit of stockholders of the integrated logistics deer-Shunfeng market is $1,053 million, an increase of about 42 per cent over the same period; performance has increased significantly or is derived from:
(1) By 2017, fixed increases were completed and financial costs were reduced; (2) emerging business was rapidly developing, companies 3. “One vote revenue rebounds, intelligent logistics leads the future - some cold chains and heavy cargo operations may start to contribute gradually to profits; (3) corporate technological innovation brings business
4. " A significant slowdown in performance, a forward-looking transition of integrated logistics tools -- Shun Fong Holdings " , and the approval of the Oblast Airport, which will strengthen the company ' s air transport advantages, will be enhanced: Shun Fong O Airport won the country on 23 February
With the approval of the Council of State and the Central Military Commission, the functionality of the cargo hub will significantly address 5. “Performance overperforms profits, tight controls on costs to increase profits, and the uneven economic development of China, with greater regional differences, improves costs and efficiency.
A strong air transport capacity provides security for time-limited and safe services. Maintaining the country's number-one organic team size and the hub cargo airport is a smooth supply of high-quality logistics services, raising customer satisfaction. A smooth and accurate location of mid-end and high-end markets, transformation of integrated logistics services, cash flow and a robust base.
Facilities development, with a strong R & D capacity, will be effective in improving the efficiency of business customer logistics. Forecasting companies are 2017-fold, 34-fold, looking at the enormous potential for integrated logistics development of companies and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Business growth has been slower than expected, and companies continue to spend large amounts of capital, with too slow business growth processes or too low business growth directly reducing capacity utilization and eroding profits; labour and oil price costs have risen too quickly, with major cost components for the express delivery industry, which will have a significant impact on the profitability of companies.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment