Science, technology, innovation and efficiency in parallel with the old business Annual Report 2017: operating income of $71.09 billion, or 23.7 per cent; net profit of $4.771 billion, or 14.1 per cent; net profit of $3.70 billion, or net profit of non-retroactivity.
Traditional business is moving steadily, new business is expanding rapidly: the volume of our express delivery slowed down throughout 2017, and smoother middle- and upper-end markets are growing at a slower pace, but companies continue to upgrade their capacity to deliver it, consolidate the industry, take the lead, and the economy and time-bound products are growing steadily, with revenues of $61.5 billion, the same increase.
18.8 per cent; at the same time, firms have accelerated the pace of integrated logistics development, with high growth in new operations, generating $9.59 billion for heavy goods, cold transport, international, co-city, warehousing, etc., representing an increase of 68.2 per cent, or 58.62 billion yuan, or 23.1 per cent, and a 20.1 per cent increase in the cost of outsourcing, with an increase in the ratio of outsourcing costs.
4.0 pct, 49.1%, indicates that companies continue to outsource non-core links and focus on managing core resources. Moreover, technological innovation has led to further improvements in business efficiency, which is the main reason for the increase in the Māori rate.
1.6 per cent to effectively reduce operational capacity through the development of scientific and technical tools such as logistics drones and smart equipment Airports are prepared for construction and built into a “three-net-one” logistics ecosystem: Auzhou airport is approved and will address the larger regional distribution problem, concentrating on the location of shops and factories.
It currently operates 57 full cargo aircraft and 1776 shipping routes to provide security for the timeliness and safety of services. It operates 10 hubs, close to 13,000 self-employed sites, with a capacity of 150,000 units/hours. It also operates an autonomous platform of information networks, which delivers a number of results.
According to interactive analysis, the three networks work together to build an integrated network of logistics services that consolidates corporate leadership. Su Bo-hung is well-positioned in high- and middle-end markets, with an emphasis on technological empowerment, strong R & D capabilities, and transformational complexes.
The potential for integrated logistics development is enormous, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Business growth is lower than expected, and the cost of labour and oil prices rise too fast.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment