Wang's 17-year track record is up to expectations, and the courier industry continues to grow, the company continues to develop new business plates and expansions.
A share price corresponds to 38 and 33 times the price of the shares, which is recommended for purchase. Performance meets expectations. Four quarters of the year, companies have earned $21.2 billion, yoy + 24 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $1,126 million and yoy + 26 per cent for the mother.
The Express sector continues to drive corporate business development: the main driver of growth in corporate performance is still the continuous growth in the Express sector. In 2017, the country achieved 40 billion, yoy + 28%, and the revenue was $49.57 billion, vov + 24%.
Long, 3,052 million votes in 2017, yoy+18.3 per cent.
At the same time, companies guarantee high service quality; in the 2017 report of the Express Service Satisfaction Survey, the company ranked first for the ninth year in a row, and the complaints rate is far ahead of its peers.
Only 1.56 per million deliveries, less than the industry average of 5.79. The advantage of the medium- and high-end route is evident in the company ' s business data: 17 years of average single ticket revenue of 23.14 yuan per piece, not only higher than the industry ' s average of 12.4 yuan per piece, but in the event of a decline in the industry ' s single ticket income of -2.6 per cent per year.
In addition, in an industry where it is difficult to differentiate products, investment in Airfield will result in a significant increase in future aviation capacity: Hogen has led the industry in air transport; by the end of December 2017, there were 41 self-owned and 16 leased cargo aircraft.
In December 2017, the company announced $2.3 billion in co-investment with the Hubei People’s Government to build the first cargo airport across Asia. The airport will not only enhance the efficiency of the company’s domestic trans-shipment, but will also be at the heart of the company’s international transport development, and will further enhance the company’s aviation capacity in the future.
Actively developing new business: the company ' s traditional business has matured to set development goals in the future, with new business blocks such as heavy cargo, cold transport, medicine, international, city-to-city, warehousing, etc. In 2017, the share of these new modules in the revenue from fast-moving logistics has increased from 9.9 per cent to 13.5 per cent, and has grown rapidly;
In 18 years, the company's layout of new areas will drive this forecast: the company's net profit is expected to be $5.905 billion in 2018 and 2019, respectively.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.