The company's annual returns rose from 54 per cent to 24.9 billion in 2019, with a net gain of 79 to 9 billion.
The equity market as a whole has improved since this year, and companies have shown better flexibility in investing in their own business, which has been growing faster with the market becoming active. In the context of the new regulations on capital management, corporate capital management has turned back and has become more proactive. With the roll-out of the venture, the company's investment operations have also been boosted.
With regard to credit operations, companies focus on risk control, proactively reduce the size of equity pledges, and the income end reduces the factors that the company has in its hands control. Companies actively embrace the Internet and technology, and the overall basics are better.
On balance, we rate the "buy-in" with 1.20 xpb in 2020. A net annual gain of 79% to 9 billion dollars: an annual report by the Huatay Securities Corporation, 54% of the company's revenues increased to 24.9 billion in 2019, a net gain of 79% to 9 billion, of which 4q returns increased by 98% to $7.1 billion in the single season, resulting in a net gain.
As many as 4.1 billion, mainly as a result of the increase in the volume of transactions brought about by the active market exchange, the commission rate remains high and is consistent with industry rules (we measure that the 2019 net commission rate for Huaitai securities has fallen to 10,000 and that the firm has taken the initiative to manage assets.
In terms of investment operations, it was almost equal to the same period last year, with $1.9 billion recorded. In terms of the 4q season, the rebound in equity markets led to related operations, such as a 766% increase in the return on self-employment investments, and the low base period was a factor;
In the context of the roll-out of the Science and Technology Development Board, the growth of the sector has been almost double-digit. The growth of the industry has been boosted by an increase of between 7.7 and 700 million per quarter of 4q. In the area of management, the decline of 4q has been slightly 7.5%. In addition, companies have been used to implement restrictive equity incentive schemes, thereby further stimulating the dynamism of their companies.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The regulatory level is now vigorously developing capital markets and undertaking a series of reforms, with the prospect of further benefits for front-loaders (e.g., a recent merger pilot, eligibility for front-line coupons, and increased leverage space). In the context of the epidemic, policy counter-cyclical regulation has increased, and benefits have increased.
The rate is expected to drop further and improve the liability level of the voucher provider. We look forward to the company’s future development, with the expected remuneration of the public (expected return; er), as follows:
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinion on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to account for the description in the report; @special opinions or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.
31 March 2020