Self-investment drives performance growth, and buy-backs highlight confidence 30.03.20: companies published their annual report 2019, generating 24.860 billion yuan in revenue for the year, an increase of 54.4 per cent over the year;
The net return to the mother was $90.0 billion, an increase of 78.9 per cent over the previous year, corresponding to an eps of $1.04 per share; the net return to the mother ' s capital was driven by the growth in performance in 2019 as a result of self-investment, and the risk of stock pledge was further released.) In 2019, corporate investment transactions were scaled up from transactions to products, relying on large data platforms to move forward.
Business development and efficient operations resulted in a total investment return of $9.18 billion, or +182.5 per cent, for the year as a whole. The Chinese equity method accounted for long-term equity investment gains of $2.73 billion, or +184.2 per cent, mainly from the Nanjing U.T.U. Fund for Merger Acquisitions (long investment gain from $250 million to $1.19 billion, representing a share).
43.7%, as a result of the increase in long-term equity investment earnings of the conglomerates; the transactional financial asset unit, which is running from $4.17 billion to $3.68 billion, relies on platforms, technology, and technology. The ficc business is firmly client-driven, transaction-centred and off-site.
The depth of trade in goods corresponds to the needs of the recipient institutions' services and customers, creates an institutional customer's financial biosphere, and moves towards a de-directional transformation of investment transactions that is expected to contribute to sound performance in the future.) The group as a whole has a scientific and technological gift that promotes a “two-wheel drive” of wealth management and institutional services, creating a differentiated competitive advantage.
From 7.53% to 7.53%, the city of brokerage leads the run-in, driving the growth of performance. Stock-based transactions are re-established, and online smart services have a monthly activity of 7.794 million, ranking first in the industry, with the cloud-based platform aorta forming an important medium-level support.
Improved capacity for integrated service delivery, capitalizing on opportunities for innovation and registration, and providing advice to 19 small firms ranked first in the industry; bond underwriting has an advantage in bond bond bonds with a premium of between +64.3 per cent and $335.65 billion; financial consultant operations focus on high-value large M & A restructuring projects.
Transactions amounting to 128.07 billion yuan, ranked first in the industry; pb business system development and system functionality continued to take advantage of the “Investment Genetics + Full Business Chain” to build up a platform and systematized investment trading capacity. 3) Capital intermediation is well under way, with a rapid increase in the size of the business.
In the context of market volatility, this underscores the firm's confidence in future development and its ability to build and grow a new space for internationalization. 1) The company announces that it will use its own funds to repurchase in the form of a centralized competitive bidding process, with a total of up to $2.62 billion.
Incentives. 2) Corporate cross-border synergies are fully enhanced, with gdr successfully released and marketed in June 2019 at Lundang Road, raising a total of $1,692 million to support growth in international operations, both endogenous and external. Companies will raise funds in accordance with their development strategies, market conditions, and gdr's use plans.
Continue to use gdr for fund-raising. 3) The satellitemark was successfully listed in New York in July 2019, raising $316 million, with assets of between +37.35 and 61.6 billion, 11 per cent in the United States of America, third place in the Tamp industry, and will provide a strong future for corporate wealth management.
Grand internationalization platform, enabling the cross-border expansion of the entire business chain. 4) Hong Kong’s business is moving backwards, in line with expectations, with a combination of high-profile overseas players in the lead.
This size is at the top of the industry and is eligible for membership.
Investment drag, re-engineering of wealth management  Profit forecasting and investment rating: 2019 investment returns driven growth in corporate performance, corporate wealth management, rapid transformation, differentiated competitive advantages of institutional operations, steady growth of international operations, good news
East Wu Xiang Yu, Do Dong Wu Securities Corporation, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.