DR: Short-term performance, pressure, long-term growth of the company.
For the development, sale and servicing of processors and supporting chips, the main products and services include processors and supporting chip product and basic hardware solutions.
The two main lines of information and industrial control are industrial construction, which is aimed at cybersecurity, office and business information, down by about 48.24 per cent:
In the field of industrial control and object networking, which are still comprehensive with partners, 2 days ago, the equipment on the Dragon-Pug 3 cpu successfully started running the Deepseekr 17b model, market cooperation, a series of products in e-government, energy, etc.
Localized deployment has been achieved in sectors such as transport, finance, telecommunications, education, etc. Corporate performance has been under pressure throughout the year, largely influenced by a contraction of downstream demand and corporate initiatives to reduce solutions
Business types are relevant, but companies are active in coping with business pressures, in order to seize the moment when e-government markets begin to recover, debt and cross-equity presentations: Re-entering the growth cycle. At the same time, companies are proactive in reducing solutions, solutions.
There was a significant decline in the same yield and a significant increase in the same income for chip products; (b) a sharp increase in sales of products in the field of informatics led to a recovery in the Māori rate, but with a fixed cost-sharing, a higher cost of bridge chips for earlier handouts with desktop cpu, and a decline in the industrial control chip camp, leading to a reduction in the control core
The impact of the reduced contribution of the 52-week portfolio to the Māori rate, among other things, remains so that the overall Māori rate level has not been restored: (3) otherwise, the company ' s credit impairment losses and assets in accordance with established accounting policies
Refunds for some clients have fallen short of expectations, and the stagnation of the traditional dominance market has led the company ' s pre-generation product reservoirs to a flowb share/h share (in millions) to the standard for inventory price reduction. But as the traditional dominance market is gradually recovering in the future, it has been calculated.
The potential for later sales in the industrial and regulatory fields of products with stock impairments is relatively high, and is not expected to have a substantial impact on the company’s economy. Active local deployment of the big one model is being pursued, with a national production chip and a large one-size-fits-all breakthrough.
At the beginning of the year, it will be possible for industrial partners such as Xiao Yuanjiang to complete the adaptation of the deepseek-r1 series of models in only two hours, on the t100 acceleration card, with multiple large model services, including deepseek-r1-disistil-qwen-7b. At the same time, the Maki Shinji computer and vision using the 3a6,000 processor will be used.
Dragon computers have been deployed locally, without the need to rely on cloud servers, to avoid service interruptions due to network fluctuations or server overloading, and to accomplish a number of tasks, such as document processing, data analysis, content creation, and significantly improve efficiency.
Partners such as Nutrient, Calculus, Opineler, etc., are committed to building a multi-form reasoning platform for the DeepSeek series of models that will enable business users to be intelligently transformed. Companies actively explore the applications and best practices of “al+Invest” that integrate development, and work to translate the advances of artificial intelligence into practical results.
And corporate initiatives to reduce the impact of solutions-type operations have declined; in addition, net profits have declined more significantly as a result of the failure to recover Māori rates than expected, credit impairment losses, and asset impairment losses. But companies are active.
In response to the pressure of business, the information business is back on its feet, and the company, as the leader of the business, is actively exploring the source of the East's financial and intellectual boom.
Dragon-chip Middle Section (688047.sh): Short-term performance pressure, long-term growth of the company.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objective and fair, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.