The electrolytic liquid taps are profitable and sound, integrated with follow-up materials (002.009.sz) The mother's net profit is 695 million yuan, or 53.62 per cent less, and the net profit from non-repatriation is 686 million yuan.
Eighty thousand tons of liquids, a year-on-year increase, with a net ton gain of about RMB 0.7 million/tonne, and a ring-by-behind lithium salt contribution of about RMB 80 million. Iron phosphate exports of about 10,000 tons, and a contribution of about RMB 200 million, drive vertical integration. 1) 152,000 tons of new lithium electric materials per year, 410,000 tons of lithium ion per year.
The new construction project for battery materials continues to be advanced to meet the demand for lithium hexafluorate, additives for electrolytic fluid expansion; 2) lifsi has an existing capacity of more than 6,000 tons and has a new capacity of 20,000 tons at the end of March 2023 into experimental production; 3) 80,000 tons of electrolytic additive dtd was announced in January 2023
In order to meet the three-dollar trend toward very high levels of nickelization, high voltage, and negative very high levels of silicone, the second phase of the project is almost complete; 2) 25,000 tons of iron phosphate. The lithium positive materials project began in March 2023 and entered the test production phase; 3) public
The Division acquired 85 per cent of the Tungwee stock and continued construction of the lithium ion battery rubber field products. Risk factors: new energy vehicle needs are not as high as expected; risk of a change in lithium battery technology; original \triangleright
Super-expected risk of price fluctuations in materials; environmental protection and safe production risks, etc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry, formerly one Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Science at Nakayama University, 2022
Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Rang, member of the team, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.