High performance of electrolytic fluid taps, integrated layout driven down 12/04/2023 \triangleright
The electrolytic fluids are growing dramatically and the profitable industry is leading. In terms of volume, the company q4 has released the electrolyte at Dun Yongkang tons. In terms of single tons of net profits, we estimate a net gain of about 11,000 tons of electrolyte at an average annual rate.
Research assistant Lee Xiaojunior has a cost advantage in building an integrated layout. Company has built "Sulfuric Acid - Hydrofluoric Acid - Lithium Hydrofluoride/Lithium pentafluoride - Six Fluoride"
At the end of 22, the company had about 60,000 tons of lithium hexafluoride and fully covered the company's electrolytic liquid capacity, with a self-supply ratio of 95-100%. During the reporting period, the company successfully expanded its various electrolyte and additives, such as lithium hexafluoride, lithium difluorooctane sulfonylamine, and lithium difluorate.
A further increase in the self-supply ratio of key raw materials is expected to continue to increase the level of single-ton profits of companies. Multiline layout contributes to new growth.
The production costs of phosphoric acid are expected to be further reduced through the production cycle of iron phosphate, which can be generated by the by-products of lithium hexafluorate production line.
With the arrival of new capacity, iron phosphate products are expected to be released in 2023, becoming one of the company’s new revenue and profit growth points in the future.
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, profit leads reflect integration advantages \triangleright 2. Tianchi (002709.sz) semi-annual 2022 reporting point
3. Quantified material (002709.sz) event evaluation: full capacity 13, 11 times greater, taking into account the company ' s integrated layout, significant profitability, increased contribution of iron phosphate, dimensions
4. In-depth report of the Tianchi material (002709.sz): Integration can release less rhythm than expected. Cost barriers are constructed, and the new lithium salt brings growth - 2022/0
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the findings of, or the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.