The advantage of the electrolytic fluid taps is significant, with a lot of blooming competitiveness continuously increasing, with a profit of $5.714 billion (002.09.sz) and an increase of 158.77 per cent compared to the profit of $5.539 billion net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother.
\triangleright's performance meets expectations, and the production of the flagships continues to expand. 2022q4 companies earn $5,888 million in operating income, 2.92% less in ring comparison, 1.354 billion in net profit to mothers, 6.89% less in ring comparison, not in return.
Wu Ho's electric equipment and the new energy industry's leading share of 320,000 tons of electrolytic fluids delivered throughout the year, +122 per cent, of which q4 had 10-110,000 salt from the electrolytic fluids, which contributed about $900 million. The iron phosphate was exported about 40,000 tons, and the iron phosphate sales increased by 71 per cent.
The company's layout consists of liquid lithium hexafluoride, lifsi, vc, dtd, lithium difluorophosphate, fsi, tmsp, and other core electrolyte raw materials and additives, 2023
The project to produce 152,000 tons of new lithium electric materials per year and 410,000 tons of new lithium ion battery materials will be accelerated to meet the demand for lithium hexafluoride and additives for electrolyte expansion. Multi-purpose operations will be opened. Companies will give priority to products such as new lithium salts, core additives, etc.
\triangleright bottom to test production; \triangleright is expected to increase further profit from the phosphate business with 300,000 tons of iron phosphate project (phase I) landing and phase II plant propulsion; companies are acquiring 85% of Tungtung Wei.
Risk factors: new energy vehicle needs are not as high as expected; risk of changes in lithium battery technology; higher than expected risk of price fluctuations of raw materials; and environmental and safe production risks.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Li, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic industry. Hu Yong Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering, People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering, Wuhan University, who served as a former
Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Corps, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research on wind power equipment, a former assistant for research on new energy and electrical equipment, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Finance, University of Nakayama, and a member of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research on new power systems and electrical equipment.
Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the lithium electric materials industry, Sun Sun, team member, Master of Finance, Shandong University, in 2022, responsible for the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.