The profitability of the industry is at its bottom, leading markets are expected to increase steadily, while the south-west securities research and development centre is expected to reduce the profitability of electrolyte fluids, second-line suppliers are expected to make zero profits and companies are expected to increase steadily.
The company achieved sales of 430,000 tons of lithium in 2022, the same year +92%. 22q4 electrolytic fluid production was measured to have declined significantly, mainly as a result of the completion of the digestion of low-cost lithium carbonate stocks: 23q1 company electrolysis units with a profit of 0.75 million yuan per ton, mainly due to low downstream demand, lower product prices, etc.
The size of the harvest is shrinking, and the cost of the period is significantly delaying net interest rates. The company’s integrated layout is measured to reach the maturity level of tens of thousands of yuan per ton. As a result, the investment recovery cycle has been significantly prolonged in the context of zero profits for second-line suppliers, resulting in a slow expansion of capacity, which portends the overall profitability of the industry.
The price of raw materials has dropped significantly, and Māori has taken the lead and is likely to reverse in the course of the year. 22q4, the company’s main raw material, lithium carbonate, has remained at historically high prices and is expected to cost more than 500,000 yuan per ton. 23q1, lower.
Swimming demand is weak, mainly based on stock digestion, and the price of lithium carbonate has fallen rapidly to 250,000 yuan per ton, and the cost of releasing the electrolyte product is estimated to be about 25,000 yuan per ton. After the company ' s high-price lithium carbonate inventory is expected to be digested, the company ' s Māori ratio is expected to hit the bottom and reverse in the course of the year.
In 2022, it is expected that the company ' s iron phosphate product will deliver 30 to 40 million tons, or 71% of the year, and the corresponding unit will make a profit of about 6,000 yuan/tonne, contributing about 200 million to the mother ' s net profit.
$M. With the imminent production of the iron phosphate project, the iron phosphate production capacity is expected to reach 300,000 tons in the year.
The move continues to fall, looking at performance rebounds during the year, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Assuming that the company’s iron phosphate product is sold 20/30.4 million tons in 2023-2025, the corresponding product price is assumed to be 3.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-operational income for the company for 2023-2025 as follows:
The Ningde era is a major downstream customer. It is comparable to the industry’s average valuation level.
Consider further flexibility at the profit end and maintain the “buy-in” rating, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.