♪ China ♪ ♪ China ♪ ♪ Tingtaobrewery-a accessfulmixupgrade ♪
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Weddingbarleyandpaperpriceswillelsupporttsingtao'sgpminf20f. Weinitiatedcoveragesingtao-owithanaddradingwithadcf-basedtpof rmb54.formsonprevirousresources, pleaserefertoresearchnoteson
@tsingtao-h. reauters: strong3q19earningsgroveth
bloomberg: tsingtao's 9m 19salesgrew 5.3% yoytorm24.9bn (87% oourfull-yearful 19fsales forcast), andnetprofitwasupby 23% yoytorm2.6bn, inlinewatercourses.in
Rmb60, 385m 3q19, Totalsalesslightlydeclinedby 1.7% yoy. 5.9% volumedecreaspartially offsethbya4.5%aspincrease.thevolumeofitscorebrand, tsingtao, fellby 2.4% yoy
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to be here, but I don't know if I'm the one who's going to be here, but I don't know if I'm going to be here.
With flatishvolumegrowthof 0.7%, whichwasinlinewithchina's9mbeerindustryoutputvolumerowth.tsingtao.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and the volumecontractionoftsingtao, itscorebrand, wasupby 1.5% ptsto49.1% in9m19.in3q19, tsingtao'sgrosmargrimimprovedby 1.8% ptsoyto32.2% mainlyduetaprodactmixupgradandavaut.thes&d
Expensesratiowas 16.1% in 3q19, upby 0.8% pts, butparticularoffsetbybettercontrollof g&aexpenses.itsopmimprovedby 2.1% ptsto14.1% in3q19.lowerlawmaterialpricestossupport marginsinf20f
I don't know, the international barbarley précesbeenfallingsinceaug, droppingby 26% yoyinaug-oct, which shouldbeunefittsingtao's Grossmarginfor 4q 19fandfy20f.thepaper privatesofellby 16% yoyin9m19, which shouldreducetsingtao'spackagingmatalial
I'm sorry, folks. Wenowexttsingtao's Grossmargintoexpandby 0.8 per cent ppttand1.1 per cent ptsyoyoyto lowlawmaterialprices. continingtoshutdownunderperformingplants
At the end of the day, we're going to be able to find out what's going on here and what's going on here, what's going on here?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's a 5% premium (historicalaveragea-sharepremium) on ourtpfortsingtao-h.weliketsingtaobecauseofulproductmixupgrade and fallingravarmarialcosts.posivedatalystsinclude1)
4q19fand2)bettermarginexpansion.othersksinclude1)weaker-than-expectedbeer condition, and 2) strongercompetition. analyst(s)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to be able to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we's going to do it, and we's going to do it, and we's going to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, notbetkenasanindication oroaranteoffutureperformance, and noorientationorwarnty, expressorimplied, irmadergardingfutureperformance. the recipientofthithrestouldunderstandandcomprehensenttheinvestivesanditsrelaedriss, and whereencececessaryconsultt theinancialavisersprincipatementation.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Allopinionististesreflexthejudgmentoftheanalystonthedateofthithreportandaresubbjecttochandewothoutnotice.chinagalaxyinternationalland/or therevantpartnersherebydisclaisoftheirlibilisirisingffromtheinauracy, incorrectnessansandincompletessofthisreportanditsatattachment/sand/or anyactionorororororororororogormissionmadeotherof.accordedingly, thisportmustbereadinjunjactionwiththisdisclammer.
Id. (6881.hk; 601881.ch) is thedirectand/orindirecting companyofthegroupofcompaniesunderagenagalalaxyinternational financial force.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
chinagalaxyinternationalelevantpartiesmay, to theextentpermitbylaw, fromtimetotimeparticipateorvesinfinancringtransactionswith the securitiesofthecompany(ies)mentationinthisreport, performsercenceforsolicitbusinessfroomsuchcompanyy(ies), and/orhaveaposibilityholding, orthormaticinterest, oraffectttransactions, inschesciritationsortionsotheron, orthormentsrelatedherto.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(b) ortradein thesecrities overediediversesearchresearchrechrebrousissuesday afterthedatateofissuesueofreport; (c) serveasan officeofofofthehongkong-listed companisedinthisreport; and (d) havenyfincianinterestsin thehonkong-listedcompaniescoverenthisreport. wearetransferringotheratingmechanismmbrombuy, sell, "hold" to "add, reduce, old".
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
20/f,wingoncentre, 111 connaughtroadcentral, Sheungwan, Hongkong.generalline: 3698-68888.