Qingdao's beer, Qingdao's 201903 dollars.
Incident: 24,897 million yuan was collected by the company in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 5.31 per cent over the same period.
The production of Qingdao beer is the most well-known product structure in the international market to smooth corporate sales. The industry is going to stock and weather for three quarters.
In the last three quarters, the company's sales grew by 0.07% on a year-on-year basis, of which 2019q3 fell by 6.07%. But we've been reiterating that sales figures should be downplayed in the beer industry.
The company's three-quarterly reports confirm our view: the ratio of the company's revenues in the third quarter of the year to the debt and the cross-share presentation: -1.66 per cent, with sales equal to -6.07 per cent, and the increase in the price of tons of alcohol to smooth the volatility of sales on the other side.
On the other hand, product structural upgrading continues to improve corporate profitability. The increase in the Māori ratio of 2019q3 will continue to be the leading factor in the development of the industry.
The company plans to integrate 10 plants in 3-5 years to optimize its capacity. We believe that there is still much room for improvement in the efficiency of the company, and that the product structure will remain the main focus of the company’s future growth in the long term. The company has been working in recent years to improve its product structure, through brand power and products.
On the one hand, the company boosts brand dynamism and nurtures the new cost groups through New York fashion week, music festivals, beer festivals, and soccer tournaments. On the other hand, the company increases its research and development investment and continues to push for product structure optimization and new products.
The company’s three-quarterly reports confirm our earlier view that the industry will be a profit trap this year, largely due to the increase in profits.
But product structure upgrading is the main driver of sustained improvements in industry’s profitability, and this logic is constantly being realized. As product structure is better, the seasonal effects of sales will gradually level off, and profitability will increase steadily.
Qingdao beer (600): The product structure continues to improve, with a year-long period of high performance.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Qingjia beer (600): product structure continues to improve, with high year-round performance.
Research on retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry, and textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.