Qingdao's three-quarterly report for 19 years, Qingdao's three-quarterly report for 19 years. During the reporting period, the company managed to collect $24,897 million, i.e. +5.31 per cent.
The net return to the mother is 2,586 million yuan, compared to +23.15 per cent. >The burden of sales has slowed down performance and product structural upgrading has continued to advance – 1.66 per cent compared to –166 per cent, with the acceleration of the acceleration ring ratio; the 19q1-3 company has achieved a net return to the mother of 2,586 million yuan.
+23.15% of the same year, the equivalent of 955 million yuan, or +19. Overall, 19q3 companies performed under pressure. The volume view: 19q1-3 companies achieved 7.195 million litres of sales, compared to the same amount of 117.1 thousand litres, or 2.42%, of the 19q3 company `Qingji Island Beer' main brand.
The decline in corporate sales over the same period was mainly due to: (1) early production at the end of the second quarter, with the “overdraft” part of the production level in the third quarter; (2) negative impact of the national event on selected catering and recreation channels: (3) higher base for the same period last year: (4) weather factors; and ton price view: 19q3 gross tonnage at $3386/kL, +452 per cent, compared with the previous year, with a basic continuation
In the first half of the year, the main reasons for our analysis were: (i) continued optimization of the product structure: the sales of 19q3 brand brands were 47.51 per cent, compared with 1.71 percentage points; and (ii) lower interest rates on value added.
\triangleright Reverse increase in the Maori rate is due mainly to a fall in the price of packages such as tiles and aluminium cans through continued product structural optimization and a drop in the +value tax rate; net interest rate: 19q1-3 net interest rate was 10.95 per cent, compared to 1.43 per cent, of which q3 was for the first quarter
Net interest rates reached 12 per cent, compared with 1.93 per cent, mainly due to the increase in product structure and the dilution of the Māori rate, which led to tax and additional reductions + increases in other earnings: (1) 19q3 corporate taxes and subsidiary revenues equal to 0.5 per cent, and we analyse that the main reason is that the consumption rate has been diluted by the continued increase in tonnage prices;
(2) Other revenues of Company 19q3 amount to $131 million, with a ratio of revenues of the same year +0.68 percentage points. The significant increase in the cost of sales during the period was mainly caused by the rigidity of the costs in the context of the decline in sales.
\triangleright Products: The company focuses on the upper end of the company, working on the high end of the main brand `Qingdao', looking at the structure of the company's products, continuously optimizing the product structure, leading to the asp upgrade; Channels: The Queen proposes to deepen the market distribution network and raise the number of end-users
1. Qingdao Beers (600,600) reported mid-19: control capacity and continuous upgrading of regional market distribution, efforts to weaken 19H1 performance expectations of large clients for deep distribution through channels, with five-fold profit margins
The impact is that, with the exception of the stabilization of Shandong and Shaanxi markets, some of the patterns of expansion have yet to be defined; since this year, companies have developed regional focus strategies such as the Great Shandong Base Market, the liberation of the coast, and the acceleration of the yellow.
In 19h1, the Eastern Base Market continued to expand, and the South/North China Market net profits increased by +14 per 26 per cent, respectively, while the East China Market achieved a significant reduction. In cost terms, the green beams clearly proposed optimized cost inputs since 17 years.
Cost control, write-off and payment process, enhanced market verification, enhanced efficiency management and marketing efficiency, significant cost reductions, but there is still room for decline compared to other businesses in the industry; and capacity optimization: after the main players were on the road to efficiency in the plant, the Qingjia beer closed down Shanghai, Lake Luang for 18 years.
Two liquor factories, while the company plans to close down about 10 factories over the next 3-5 years. While closing down will result in a loss of assets and an increase in staff placement costs (administrative costs) in the short term, it will facilitate management in the long term by bringing about a reduction in the depreciation of fixed assets + a reduction in the salaries of all employees by demobilizing them.
Reduction in cost rates: Declining VAT rates: from 16 per cent to 13 per cent in sectors such as manufacturing, effective 1 April 2019. This is a much stronger move to make the beer industry more profitable and less profitable, combined companies ' bargaining power up and down, and we expect this downward adjustment to bring about 0.8-1 percentage points to the barbeque.
In sum, the “recommended” assessment of the abnormally high prices of glass bottles and barley, the under-expanding of high-end products, the risks of food safety, etc. Júdge, B.A. and M.A., Beijing University, entered the securities industry in 2011 and are now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Financial Sciences, joined civil securities in 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced by any third party.