Low-cost barrier, double base makes it long. 20th of February 2024, research assistant Ho Yee-hye-hye.
Keywords: #Platform-based layout# Second Curves #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class #Class
But in the company's vast business landscape, we can still see a clear layout of the main line around synthetic gas platforms, extending to related products, focusing on traditional coal industries, accelerating the extension of new material products at a later stage.
In the process, gas level products such as co, h2 and synthetic ammonia are used as core raw materials, embedded between products downstream, and the core competitiveness of the three moats is achieved through the construction of the King of the Red Sea. 1) The first is low-cost gas level.
The company uses cleaner water slurry gasification processes that can use lower-cost coal as a feedstock, with a higher rate of carbon conversion and efficient gas consumption. At the same time, through continuous technological upgrading, the company continues to reduce coal consumption, and has now been evaluated as an “energy-efficient driver” for eight years.
2 (ii) Cost optimization of excellent management levels. The complexity of the process in the coal industry requires that the enterprise have sufficient process understanding and fine-tuning management capabilities, and the company controls the full cost of the main product by making it less than 15% less than the industry average for a period of time.
The company has built a horizontal platform for ammonia systems, a vertical chain of flexible integrated industries that can dynamically regulate the direction of synthetic gas, while the total output of upstream gas platforms is stable.
The company has two major production bases in Texas and Jingzhou, with a total of 2.550 million tons of urea, 480,000 tons of dmf, 1.5 million tons of acetic acid, and 600,000 tons of 600,000 tons of dmc.
In this case, the Ministry based itself on traditional coal-chemical products, extending the industrial chain of ethanol-dmc/heraic acid, and cpl-pa6 to replicate the success of the Ministry, starting with the construction of a synthetic gas platform and the expansion of traditional coal-chemical products.
Phase two extends the Bdo-nmp industrial chain, eventually leading to twin-base co-development.  Industry cycle bottoms and takes advantage of the second growth opportunities of high-quality white horses. 1) Increases in production in construction projects will be an important driving force in the growth of corporate performance.
According to historical data, the median profit of the company’s proposed/in-progress project for the last five years is approximately 2.35 billion yuan. 2) The company’s increase in production and profit recovery are often alternating.
The company’s roa has now fallen to the bottom of history, looking back at the end of the release of the new capacity, and roa still has much room for restoration in medium- and long-term dimensions.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return a net profit in 2023-2025.
14.4, 9.4, 7.7 times. Low-cost gas construction core competitiveness, two-base layouts are starting to become highly volatile, and the release of new capacity has led to increased competition in the industry.
The company is the leading coal industry in the country and covers a number of plates such as traditional coal industry and new materials.
After 2012, the company expanded on the basis of gasification platforms, creating a flexible multi-production model for the “one-line” cycle economy. After 2020, Warluhein took a step forward in the development of new energy materials and the construction of new state bases, moving into a new phase of high-end development with fertilizer and organicity.
Several operational units, such as ammonium, acetic acid and derivatives, and products related to new energy sources.
Substitute Coal Chemical Base • 2000: Sundong, Ruheung Chemical Unit • 2021: 300,000 tonnes/dmc/year
• 2013: 200,000 tonnes/year of polyol production • 2021: 1666.6 million tonnes/year of excellence • 2002: hanging on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
Acid, 300,000 tonnes/year production of ketone energy-saving adaptation project: 2022: 200,000 tonnes of nylon 6 slices project: 2007: successfully built “one head, three tails”
• 2015: 600,000 tonnes/year nitric acid production 2018: 500,000 tonnes/year ethanol, 50,000-2023: 1st project in Changzhou, tons/year melamine production
The company’s first shareholder is the Hualu Henging Group, which holds 32.06% of the shares (up to 2023q3), and its shareholders are the People’s Government of the city of Texas.
In addition, the company has two major production bases, the company's operating owner, Hualuhingl (Yangzhou), which is co-financed by the company and the Wallu Group and the Hualu Group, with a share of 70%, 20%, and 10% respectively.
The company now has two major production bases in Texas and Jingzhou, and it has a multi-industry production model based on a synthetic gas platform, downstream fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid, and the integration of new energy materials. (1) The Ministry of Texas uses urea, urea,
Dmf, Acetic Acetic Acetic Acid, etc., based on traditional coal-based products, extending new industrial chains such as adipic acid, dmc, p6. By the end of 2023, its core product, urea/dmf/acetic acid/hexacetic acid/occaic acid/dmc/cpl, had a capacity of 155/33/50/33/3060.4 million tonnes, respectively. (2) An initial expansion was based on the Synthetic Gas Integrated Utilization Project at the Xiangzhou base, with a first phase of expansion.
Traditional coal-chemicals projects, of which urea/acetic acid/dmf produced 100/10.15 million tonnes respectively, were commissioned in November 23rd. Phase II extends the chain of the Bdo and Bdo industries, where urea/methamphetamine resin/bdo/nmp can produce 52/16/20.16 million tonnes, respectively.
Figure 3: A map of the chain of traditional coal industry at Waruheinl, Figure 4: A map of the chain of new materials industry at Waruheen, a high-end Texas base and a new state base.
The construction of new nylon materials, high-end solvents, such as Cpl-pa6 production processes, which enabled the company to produce the three electrolytic solutions of dmc/dec/emc. In addition, the company completed its base in Texas, and became a birconol conversion project, with 300,000 tons of binary acid, and continued to promote the profitability of the base in Texas. (2)
State bases are intended to re-create a new Wallau, taking advantage of the local coal supply stability, ease of communication, and land availability in Qingzhou. Qingzhou is located in Jiang Mai County, Xiangbeizhou Province. Water transport is close to the Yangtze River, railways are close to the Hoji railway, where coal transport is the longest distance, and the local government will provide storage.
The construction of county bases is not only cost-effective, but also increases the speed with which companies respond to downstream demand, further improves industrial competitiveness and achieves two-base co-development.
1.2. Diversification of income from the main product, continued profitability, company revenue and profit fluctuations increase and are more affected by downstream market climates. Companies, as chemical firms, are more affected by downstream market climates, and their performance fluctuates in the short term, but in the long run, as product lines expand.
After that, the company’s net profit-to-repatriate ratio has improved, and it is expected that the company’s performance will return to an upward trajectory with the start-up of the county base. The revenue mix is diversified, and the share of new energy materials in the production continues to rise.
Fertilizers, organochlorines, acetic acids and derivatives, and new energy products. According to data for 2022, the composition of the company’s profits was higher in 2022 at the dmf market, with the Māori rate for organamine products rising to 57%, contributing about 39% Māori, with new energy materials-related products/fertilizers/acetic acids and derivatives accounting for 26.25%.7% respectively.
As the focus of company development in recent years, the capture ratio has now surpassed the traditional coal industry, providing the hub for company performance with a steady rise and a long-term industry leader. Since the market, the company’s root level has seen a cycle of 2. multi-lined growth, with low-cost gas construction building core competitiveness.
In more than 50 years, Wallu's business has expanded to a wide range of traditional coal-chemicals, new energy materials, new nylon materials, etc., and, in the face of such ambitious narratives, readers are vulnerable to losing the main line, and we would like to answer two questions in this section: (1) What is the intrinsic logic of the company's industrial chain development? (2) Where is the firm's core competitiveness?
2.1. Industrial chain layout: a multi-lined view of the development of Wallu Hisung Lian, we can see a clear path to development: a continuous extension of related products around a synthetic gas platform, with a prior focus on traditional coal-chemical products that form fertilizer + organamine + acetic acid.
In the process, products such as co, h2, synthetic ammonia, methanol, etc. are used as core raw materials and are inserted between products downstream, bringing to the fore the cost advantage of the gas platform and synergies among products.
More specifically, Wallu’s business development can be divided into four phases: Phase I (pre-1989): Synthetic ammonia as an entry point, laying the basis for business development. Wallu’s predecessor was the Texas Fertilizer Plant, established in 1968, during which the company was positioned as a local fertilizer company with a centralized operation.
In simple synthetic ammonia and ammonium carbonate operations, but this business layout also provides the basis for a follow-up to Wallu’s high-synthetic gas platform and urea downwards. Phase II (1989-2002): initial construction of a synthetic gas platform to form two major operations, Fertilizer+Oramide
In 1989, the company was approved to build a 40,000-ton/year urea project, successfully entering the “synthetic ammonia-urea” industry chain, and by 1996 production had continued to expand to 300,000 tons/year. Meanwhile, the company was further involved in the “methanol-dmf” industry chain by relying on the CO and hydrogen of the synthetic gas platform.
Phase III (2002-2019): Continuous expansion around synthetic gas platforms into the “one-line” era. During this period, the company has three clear lines of development, one of which is to be a class of strong edges, with synthetic ammonia, methanol, etc.
The scale of the product is over millions of tons, and the size of urea/dmf is multiplied. Second, it is extended downstream, with companies using urea as a feedstock, extended melamine trimeramine as a source, and melamine as a source of methanol and co, extended acetic acid, acetic anhydride and ethylene ethanol as a basis for continuous upgrading of the vertical depth of the industrial chain. Third, it is extended to related products, with horizontal cut-offs of “propylene-butanol”, “pure benzene-
The industry chain of the adipic acid, in which butoctanol and adipic acid are required to use hydrogen, co, synthetic ammonia, etc., during the reaction, is closely linked to the company’s synthetic gas platform. Phase IV (2019-to date) “Multi-line” has been further developed, with traditional coalifiers + new materials moving in parallel.
On the state base, the company continues to follow through on the “one-line” approach and continues to deepen the layout of the new material production line, whereby China converts its products into new energy materials, such as dmc, herbic acid, through the adaptation of the upgraded coal-based ethanol device, while taking advantage of self-production advantages such as hydrogen gas, synthetic ammonia, and dioxygen water to further refine the nylon industry chain layout and move the product from a single one.
For the county bases, the company replicates the success of the Texas Department, focusing on the development of the traditional coal industry platform, and extending the industrial chains of acetic anhydride, melamine, bdo, etc., where bdo chains are deeply integrated with the company’s existing products such as hydrogen gas, adipic acid, methamine, etc., and where synergies are prominent.
2.2. Fragmentation of core competitiveness: the three main moats have long been regarded by Wallu as a model of a good chemical industry, as it has been in the outcome, even in traditional mass chemical products such as urea, acetic acid and so on, which are far more profitable than the industry.
The core competitiveness of Wallu is considered to be derived from three sources: the ability of low-cost gas platforms to equip the entire industry chain, the cost optimization resulting from excellent levels of management, and the soft co-production power resulting from the “multiline” product structure, which corresponds to “low-cost”, the latter to “effective” and, most critically, the three advantages, which are connected.
2.2.1. One of the moats: Low-cost gas synthesis is the core raw material of the company’s downstream products, and the cost of gas production directly affects the Māori rate. There are currently 11 gas furnaces in the company’s Texas base, with 4.51 million tons of raw coal consumed in 2022, and four new ones in the company’s Jianzhou base.
Gasification furnaces, with a combined coal input of about 3 million tonnes/year, of which 1.38 million nm3/h is raw gas and 5.38 million nm3/h (co:h2:1.36:1) is effective, and we believe that the difference in the cost of building gas is mainly due to three dimensions: the cost of raw materials and the result of processing.
This is the level of the start-up rate. (1) The cost of the raw materials = unit price per unit, depending on the choice of the coal species (i.e., the suitability of the material) and the single consumption depending on the conversion efficiency (i.e., technological sophistication), both of which are mainly determined by the process route (bed type and gasification technology).
The multi-spray-to-pump water-powder gasification technology employed by the company allows the use of less costly coal, while the other has higher active gas components, which are lower than coal consumption, lower than oxygen consumption, and have a significant advantage in the cost of raw materials. First, the gasification process is divided into three main types of fixed beds, fluid beds, and gas-flow beds, depending on the type of bed.
Fluid beds are typically based on smoke-free coal (6-50 mm) and coal is added from the top of the furnace to reverse contact with the gas agent to complete the gasification process. Fluid beds are based on shredding coal (<6mm) and gasification agents are used as a flow medium from the bottom up through the bed, causing the material to be gasated in intense mixing and remixing.
It is based on powder coal or water syrup (<0.1 mm), gasification agents are pumped into gas furnaces with high-speed air currents, or coal powder is first made into water syrup and then pumped into the gasification furnaces, and coal is burned and gasification is counterproductive in high-temperature environments. The gasification process currently applied in the country is dominated by fixed beds (long-pressure intervals) and gas flow beds (continuing pressure).
Medium- and fixed-bed gasification was the country’s main synthetic ammonia production process, and still accounts for nearly 40% of the country’s synthetic ammonia production capacity. But, at the source of raw materials, fixed beds are based on smoke-free coal, with prices significantly higher than those of fluorescent coal, lignite coal, and coal conversion is less efficient and efficient, and the cost of integrated raw materials is significantly higher than the gas flow route.
Second, in terms of gasification technology, the choice of gas furnaces is key, in which multi-spray-to-place gas furnaces have advantages in terms of gasification efficiency, coal consumption/erobic consumption. Depending on the form of feed, gas flow beds can be divided into dry feed (dry powder gas stream bed) and wet feed (water gas stream), in which water gasification is currently dominant.
The process. Depending on the choice of gas furnaces, water gasification can be divided into ge stoves, Qinghua stoves, multi-pesser-to-gas furnaces, among which multi-pesser gasification furnaces are one of the most advanced water gasification technologies in the country, which is lower than coal consumption and less than oxygen consumption, with a carbon conversion rate of 98 per cent, with an effective gas ratio of 82-86 per cent.
(2) The cost of processing manufacturing includes energy consumption costs, depreciation costs, direct labour costs, environmental treatment costs, etc., of which energy consumption and depreciation are most critical. The water slurry gasification process used by companies has a higher depreciation cost but a strong energy consumption advantage, while companies continue to optimize coal combustion consumption through technological upgrading and maintain “energy efficiency leaders” status on the one hand, and energy efficiency leaders on the other hand on the other.
Energetic costs are mainly coal consumption (or steam consumption) and electricity. Traditional fixed-bed processes typically use constant pressure gasification, with high electricity consumption, and water-coated gas streams use pressurized gas, and while more steam is needed, electricity is significantly reduced.
Low. By reference to the E.C.E. report issued in 2015 by WaruHingl, the company used four of the most recent clean water gas furnaces to replace the previous 14 fixed bed gas-spills and one of the older water gas-smelting furnaces, in equal quantities, from 0.929 kgg of coal/m3 synthesizing gas to 0.818 kg of coal/m3 synthesizing gas per unit of synthetic gas.
Depreciation depends mainly on the unit investment, which is greater because of the higher requirements of the air flow bed process for gasification systems, space subsystems, etc. But the gas flow bed process is more likely to be large-scale and the unit investment is clearly large-scale, so that the enterprise can reduce depreciation costs by large-scaleization.
Analysis shows that, when synthetic ammonia devices were 30/40/500,000 tons, the corresponding investment in ammonia was 5143/4706/44.96 million yuan. Moreover, the scale-up effect of the environmental review report from Wallu Heunglium showed a decrease in investment per unit, with the Texas base upgrade project in 2015, with an effective gas scale of 170604nm3/h.
An investment of 16.6 million yuan per unit/nm3/h in 2021 in the gas-powered platform project for the Changzhou base area, with an effective gas size of 538,000/nm3/h and an investment of 1.1 million yuan/nm3/h per unit, a 34 per cent decrease, in addition to the fact that the clean water slurry process used by the company is more environmentally friendly and can significantly reduce emissions from the 3rd waste.
Reduces the cost of handling three fees. According to the company ' s 2015 CEP report, the total reduction in emissions of waste gases by 74,628,000 m3/year through the replacement of pre-existing gasification units, a total reduction in wastewater emissions by 728,000 m3/year, and a reduction in solid waste generation by 11.34 million tonnes/year, with significant emission reductions.
(3) The start-up rate has a significant impact on continuing production enterprises, and increases in the start-up rate can be spread over fixed unit costs. There are a number of factors affecting the start-up rate, most notably the load elasticity of the device, its ability to stabilize operations, competitive costs, etc.
There are significant advantages to capacity, with high operating elasticity, ease to increase and reduce loads, with a maximum operating load of 125%. Historically, companies have long maintained a far-off load level under synthetic gas based on a deep understanding of the production process, as well as a lean production management.
(4) Comparison of integrated gas costs: Tonnium production costs for gas-flow bed routes are more than $200 lower than fixed-beds, and companies have a strong competitive advantage in energy efficiency control compared to other gas-flow-bed-line enterprises. According to the Ministry of Communications, energy efficiency is the focus of the 2020 industry.
On the list of companies, the combined energy consumption of synthetic ammonia unit products in Waruheungl is only 1275 kg of coal/ton, which is significantly below the industry baseline level of 1550 kg of coal/ton, with a corresponding excess cost of $220/ton if measured at the price of 800 yuan/ton of coal. The Economic Analysis of Isolated Fixed-Bed Gasification Technology shows 20 coal units for the period 2016-2018.
The actual production cost of synthetic ammonia at the chemical industry showed a ton cost of 1365 ton per ton of ammonia at WaruHingl, for samples. Dry powder is all gas flow bed processes.
Cost is the ultimate match for bulk chemicals, and cost control, in addition to natural resource endowments (e.g. adjacent coal mines, lower hydropower costs, more advanced installations, etc.), is still a significant part of post-natal management, especially for coal-chemicals, which are complex processes, with large differences in energy consumption and investment intensity, and require long-term steady operation.
There can be a huge cost difference between firms in terms of devices. For a long time, Wallu Hisung-il has been branded the “King of the Red Sea” in the market, behind which is the recognition of his meritorious management capacity, and in 2021, the company was rated by the State Council’s State Finance Committee as the second-largest management pole in Shandong Province.
In actual production, the company manages the label, distils the indicators of process, consumption, equipment operation, etc., identifying gaps, adopting measures, and continuing energy-saving reduction and technological upgrading, reducing the efficiency gain by more than $300 million per year. In the case of the acetic device, the company initially introduced the package on a scale of 200,000 tons, but through sustained excellence.
In addition, in terms of cost control, the company continuously improves the use of raw materials, the use of “triple waste” and the use of thermal energy, and controls the cost of purchasing, producing, selling, and financing, among other things.
At the heart of management is the manager, and good corporate culture and incentives are fundamental to stimulating staff effectiveness. Companies pursue an efficient and streamlined workforce over the long term, with a strong focus on employee incentives, and human effectiveness indicators lead together over the long term.
The first state-owned company to have been granted an equity incentive scheme, Waruheinung, has been implementing three consecutive periods of the equity incentive scheme since 2015, covering basically the entire management team and core technical cadres, and the scale of the incentive has been gradually increasing, with the third phase of the incentive plan being launched in 2022 by Hua Ruhein Littt, bringing the number to 190 (up from two + 30).
The number of shares has been raised to 13.2 million (up from the second + 6.87 million shares). The company has achieved benefits for its employees by means of equity incentives, and none of its staff has left since the introduction of equity incentives. (2) In addition, the company has placed a high priority on the management of human effectiveness, on the one hand through market-based remuneration and the implementation of the full performance appraisal system and, on the other hand, through the completion of a full performance appraisal system.
The establishment of a mechanism for the formation of a good talent ladder has created a team of engineers with a reasonable age and academic structure, moderate size, high skill levels and high operational skills. As of 2022, the company had a total of 5226 employees, of whom $5.79 million per person/per person/per person gain/per person pay, and out of 59 agrochemicals enterprises (same number)
According to the Second Industry Classification of 2021 (SIG 2021), it is ranked 3rd/second/second, respectively. 3th batch unlocking)
And it's not less than the average of the year, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's on average, it's five years before, it's on average, it's on average.
The industry divide is higher than the company, and the real score is higher than in 2017.
The objective of flexible multi-products is to achieve efficiency gains, with the core idea being that high-morigin products are kept in operation, while the rest are dynamically adjusted to adjust the load and dynamically regulate the direction of the synthetic gas to maximize the benefits of the entire production system, while the total output of the upstream gas platform is stable.
In particular, the soft approach is based on two main aspects: (1) horizontally constructed systems of ammonia platforms capable of achieving “amino, ethanol”. The upstream raw materials of the company are derived from gasification and space-based devices, mainly co, h2, n2, co2, and directly downstream products such as synthetic ammonia, methanol, butoconeol, etc.
The relative price of the product is flexible enough to regulate the direction of synthetic gas, for example, when methanol is less expensive and synthetic ammonia is more expensive, companies can use more synthetic gas for synthetic ammonia and then satisfy downstream production by outsourcing methanol. (2) Second, a flexible and integrated industrial chain has been built vertically, with intermediates that can be processed in depth or sold out directly.
At present, there are four major business plates of fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid, and new materials, with a total of more than 40 product types (including various intermediate products) that can be processed either as raw materials or sold directly as chemical products, with a significant regulatory space in terms of the proportion of products produced. In the case of the methanol industry chain, when methanol is more efficient and dmf loses,
Companies can profit by selling methanol directly. In the case of the ethanol industrial chain, companies can use flexibility to regulate the share of ethanol, dmc, and herbate products in a flexible way to maximize benefits.
Figure 26: Fertilizer, Osteamine plate production regulation, 2020-2022
Synthetic ammonia, melamine, methamine.
dmf Synthetic gas dmc
EMC 3. Basic branch business: The cost curve is the leftmost, incremental expansion is successful. The traditional coal industry is the company's foundation and the most vivid case of what the company calls the “King of the Red Sea”.
Looking back, we believe that companies still have a potential for incremental expansion in traditional coal-chemical units, for two reasons: (1) one is cost and competitiveness is strong enough. Although the coal-chemical industry is a “roll” industry, there is a large increase in capacity, but due to the relative complexity of the process, the level of cost control varies greatly between firms, and companies are at the far left of the cost curve for a long time, namely,
In the long run, the traditional coal-processing plants will remain at the bottom of the landscape, and they will still be able to sustain their lucrative performance. (2) Second, the market is large enough and the company’s market is relatively low, and the company’s low-cost expansion of capacity will hit the industry’s cost curve relatively small. The market size of the traditional coal-processing products is moving at tens of millions of tons, while the company’s capacity is relatively large relative to the industry’s line.
Industry is relatively low, which means that the company does not expand its capacity to “roll” to itself, and the cost of alpha will receive 3.1. urea: supply side reform accelerates, the old business still has a new look: urea is also called carbonamide, the chemical form is co(h2)2, a neutral fertilizer and the highest nitrogen content.
urea is easy to conserve, easy to use and less damaging to soil, accounting for more than 50% of global nitrogen fertilizer application. (1) Upstream: industrially based mainly on synthetic ammonia and carbon dioxide, synthetic urea under high-temperature pressure. According to the process, it is dominated by air head. Upstream raw materials account for 80% of the cost of urea production.
Upward, there are important guidelines for the price of urea. (2) Downstream: urea downstream is divided mainly into the two main categories of agricultural demand and industrial demand, with agricultural demand accounting for more than 70%. As a result of the natural pattern of spring tillage harvests, the agricultural use of fertilizers is extremely high, while 17% of urea is used to produce composite fertilizers, which together account for about 70%.
Ellipse (19 per cent), melamine (6 per cent) and urea (2 per cent) used in vehicles, of which radon, also known as urea, is the most used group of glues, accounting for about 90 per cent of the use of various man-made sheeting glues, mainly linked to real-estate demand. Melamine is used mainly for the production of melamine resins and ultimately for leather, paper, plastic laminates, etc.
The main use of urea is for diesel tail gas treatment, which is an incremental market in urea downstream demand. On the demand side: downstream demand is generally stable and exports are well repaired. (1) Intra-market sales are dominated by demand, which accounts for more than 90% of consumption. Domestic urea consumption amounted to 58.14 million tons in 2023, an increase of 7% from the same year, mainly for agricultural fertilizer.
In terms of industrial demand, a stable post-natal cycle supports demand for platinum resin, and the country's six-b standard is applied.
urea promotion will be accelerated. (2) Expendation is influenced by export policies, domestic and foreign price differentials, Indian bidding, etc., and exports increased significantly in 23 years. Before 2021, our annual exports of urea were about 5 million tons, accounting for about 10% of consumption, and after 2021, the increase in international urea prices led to an increase in the profit margin for urea exports in our country, which was guaranteed.
Domestic urea supply, which the General Customs Administration began to carry out in October 2021, led to a rapid decline in urea exports, with only 2.83 million tons exported in 2022, a 47 per cent decline in comparison. After entering 2023, urea exports recovered, with 4.2 million tons exported throughout the year, an increase of 50 per cent.
Figure 29: Domestic urea exports, 2019-2023 (tonnes)
There is room for deepening. (1) urea supply side reforms have been effective since 2015 and industry start-up rates continue to move up. By 2015, domestic urea had expanded faster, the industry was over-excessed, and the urea sector began to phase out backward capacity in 2015, until the current supply side reform was largely completed in 2020, with capacity falling from over 80 million tons at high points to about 6664 million tons thereafter.
In December 2021, the Ministry issued the 14th Five-Year Industrial Green Development Plan, which proposed strict controls on new industries such as urea, ammonium phosphate, and electrostone.
Capacity, new projects should implement capacity equivalent or reduced replacement, which is equivalent to limiting urea capacity in aggregates. On 4 July 2023, the Committee issued Energy Efficiency Levels and Baseline Levels in the Industrial Priority Areas (version 2023), adding urea to the original 25 categories of products, including urea, for which the level of energy efficiency is below the benchmark
The launch of the catalogue, which is expected to accelerate the pace of output in the industry by the end of 2026, is expected to accelerate the pace of completion of the new urea installation. (3) A higher number of short-term visits are made to the new urea installation, but most of the applications are replaced, relocated, upgraded. 490/979.64 million tons of urea are released, and more than half of the additional capacity is replaced or relocated, respectively.
The urea industry has very clear seasonal features. (1) Spring-time storage, autumn cumulation, April-July, usually a full year. At the demand side, urea is less productive, and production is usually used as a follow-up, and the corresponding season of urea is in place.
June-July. In addition, urea can be mixed into compost for use as base fats or for follow-up purposes, of which March-April compost is dominated by high nitrogen fertilization (used as base fats) with the highest demand for urea, and September-October compost is biased towards high phosphorous fertilization (used as follow-up fertilizer).
Low point. After August-September, urea demand gradually descends into the sub-season, and after mid-October, agricultural demand largely ends, corresponding to the seasonal urinary cycle. After December, fertilizer winter reserves were activated, and winter head urea devices were shut down on a massive scale, driving urea production down daily and stocks down again. (2) The sub-season often corresponds to export seasons. India is me.
One of the country’s leading exporters of urea, India’s demand lags between two and three months, so domestic demand in August and September usually coincides with the export season, with a seasonal recovery in general export volumes. (3) Supply and demand trends determine long-term fundamentals, but short-term movements are more affected by seasonal factors, with counter-seasonal or ultra-seasonal performance often catalyzing.
In the short term, the production capacity releases the leaner crop season, urea or seasonal reservoir pressure, and in the medium to long term, as supply-side reforms deepen, industry demand and demand are expected to recover marginally. (1) In the first half of 2022, foreign gas prices surged, pushing up overseas gas-head urea prices, adding up agricultural product prices to boost incentives to grow, and domestic coal-head urea prices rose.
After entering the second half of the year, the urea landscape has returned to a downward trend as the demand for agriculture subsides and industrial demand weakens. (2) Since the beginning of the year 2023, urea has changed against the seasonal season, with domestic and foreign urea prices continuing to fall since late March, as a result of falling prices of coal and gas, while downstream farmers are recovering slowly, in a buying-and-no-buy mentality.
However, after entering June, the downstream season demand became fully operational, triggering a concentration demand, and urea stocks dropped sharply to historical lows. Meanwhile, foreign urea prices rebounded, driving home and abroad, with domestic gas flow bed urea prices and profits as at 24 January 2024, amounting to $2150 per ton and $319 per ton, respectively.
In almost 10 years, 77% and 59% respectively. (3) In the short run, downstream farmers need to be in a mild season, adding new devices to their production, and urea is present in a cumulative reservoir. But in the medium and long term, industry is expected to be able to sustain the climate as the urea supply pattern is optimized.
The old business still has a new perspective: the expansion of the urea industry in Jingzhou, where “new technologies plus new cycles” have opened up “new growth.” (1) The company has an existing urea capacity of about 1.55 million tons, uses low-cost water porcelain gasification processes, is cost-competitive, and has been rated “energy efficiency runner” for eight consecutive years. From 2019 to the present, the company’s urea plate has been operating at full capacity.
The Māori rate has been maintained at over 25% over the long term and is significantly better than that of a colleague. (2) The company’s base in Jianzhou added 1 million tons of urea capacity, which became operational in November 2023.
In addition, 520,000 tons of molten urea and 160,000 tons of melamine from downstream can be built in the second phase of the Jingzhou base, which is expected to further boost the performance of the urea plate.
dmf full n, n-dimethylenedioxyamide, chemical formula (ch3) 2ncho, both a chemical feedstock with a wide range of applications and a “one-manifest solvent” in the organic industry. With the exception of halogenated hydrocarbons, dmf can be blended with water and most organic solvents, with good solubility for a variety of organic compounds and inorganic compounds.
Based on diamamine and carbon monoxide, the source of which is the synthetic gas platform. Dmf is a catalyst for the production of sodium methanol by reacting carbon monoxide and diamide in the solution under conditions of 60~130°C, 0.5~0.9mpa. dmf core feedstock diamamine is synthesized from liquid ammonia and methanol, with a co-production of methamine and triamine, which constitute the bottom of the synthetic gas.
(2) Downstream: dmf can be a solvent, an intermediate, a reaction medium, etc., of which close to 60% is used in the pulp industry, mainly in the production of wet pu synthesizing leather, as a scrubber for polyurethane resins.
About 60 per cent downstream is used in the pulp industry (2021 data): pulp consists of dmf (solvents), wood powder, water, polyurethane resin, pigment, etc., in which the slurry is impregnated or coated on the kibbles during production and then placed in water, where water and dmf are affinated with polyurethane resins, the solvent dmf is replaced with water, polyurethane
The resins are gradually condensed to form a permeable skin. (2) The pu terminal is used in the areas of boxing, shoe making, and 23 years of weak domestic consumption, improved exports: the synthesizing downstream is mainly shoes, sofa furniture, bag bags, etc., which has fallen by 6% since 2017. In terms of imports and exports, the country ' s dmf exports are much larger than imports, mainly to export.
Asian countries such as Korea, Japan, Viet Nam, 106,000 tons of exports in 2023, an increase of 75 per cent over the same period. On the supply side: in 2023, new production was concentrated, with higher short-term supply pressures. By 2022, the dmf industry had a capacity of 1.07 million tons, concentrated mainly in companies such as Hualu Hengl, Rusy Chemical, Anyang and others, with a high of cr3.
61.2%. As a result of the outbreak of the dmf market in 2021, large enterprises invested in dmf production lines, resulting in a capacity of 1.72 million tons by the end of the year 2023.dmf’s atmosphere is expected to remain at a downward stage in the short term, with the risk of digesting new capacity. (1) Review:
The price of dmf rose sharply in 2021, to a maximum of more than $19,000 per tonne, and the supply of dmf, in terms of supply and demand, did not add new players for more than a year, while in 2020, the permanent withdrawal of the Jiangsan Chemical Device further accelerated the contraction of industrial capacity. And demand for reheating reheating to boost the demand for pulp, while the volume of exports increased significantly.
The dmf device operates at a near full capacity, but there is a supply gap during the season, which drives prices up all the way. After entering 2022, an outbreak of domestic epidemic inhibits end consumption, while after the second half of the year, the dmf added capacity is released, exports are stagnated, and market competition increases, especially when prices fall close to the cost line after the fourth quarter (2).
Post-market outlook: Since 2023, there has been a significant increase in production capacity and market supply pressures in the industry, while dmf downstream is largely mature, industry start-ups have been moving downwards, especially after four quarters, and the dmf market has experienced a marked build-up and industry starts at a low rate in recent years. Backwards, against a background of weak supply and demand, dmf is expected to move into one.
Tens of thousands of tons of dmf, 72,000 tons of methachlor and triamamine production capacity, and 150,000 tons of dmf, 555,000 tons of methachlor and triamamine were newly built in the base of the State of Jinzhou in one phase, which was fully operational as of November 23rd. The company ' s dmf production capacity is now close to 500,000 tons, and the total organic ammonium production capacity is 600,000 tons.
3.3. Acetic acid: Acetic acids are increased in both supply and demand, with millions of tons of amplification in the first echelon. Acetic acids, also known as acetic acids and acetic acids, are an important intermediate for chemical feedstocks, with a dominant synthesis method of methanol glysing, depending on the continuing cost advantage of a synthetic gas platform.
ethylene acetyldehyde oxidation, low-carbon alkaline hydroxylene liquid phase oxidation, etc., where methanol is the dominant process because of the availability, low production and high operational stability of raw materials. This method produces acetic acid under low pressure, with methanol as the main material for acetic acid accounting for about 80% of the cost.
Demand side: Acetic acid consumption structure is diversified and according to the Beichuan Mobil statistics (data 2023q1), acetic acid is concentrated in pta (31%), acetic acid (29%), ethylene acetic acid (18%), with pta and ethylene acetic acid having greater demand marginal pulls. (1) pta extension is significant: a single ton of pta needs acetic acid consumption of 30 to 40 kgg, 2022 I
With a national production capacity of 766.3 million tons, and a projected additional production capacity of 15.669.9 million tons in 2023/2024, the continued expansion of pta will lead to a sustained increase in demand for acetic acid. (2)eva demand is growing rapidly and is expected to start intensive production by the end of 24th year:eva is downstream of acetic acid, with a market share of about 52 per cent as the most widely used photovoltaic material.
Over the years, with the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry, demand has also increased rapidly, with new output expected to reach 55.89 million tons in 2023/2024. On the supply side: new energy planning is large, but some projects have room for adjustment.
With 1,086 million tons, a further increase of 12.6 million tons in 2023, an increase of 11% from the same year, the capacity is mostly concentrated in the head, the lower acetic acid downstream pta, acetic anhydride, etc. are concentrated, but the added capacity of the acetic acid itself is limited, resulting in tight supply and demand. Meanwhile, the first half of the year, when part of the domestic installations were accidentally shut down, the second half of the year was affected by electricity restrictions, and the industry fell significantly, leading to supply.
On the export side, foreign exports have been affected by the mid-February American boom, the Gulf region has stopped all the acetic acid devices, the Asia-Pacific region has focused on the first half of the year, the supply of acetic acids has become tight, so exports have increased and domestic supply has been further reduced. The combination of factors has created an epic scene of acetic acid in 2021.
Acetic acid devices, such as stage II, Yangzi Acetic Acetyl, are operational and supply increases significantly, but the demand side is affected by the epidemic, the demand side is generally relatively low, supply and demand are shifting from scarcity to excess, and the price and profit from acetic acid jumps sharply. (2) Post-market outlook: since 2023, there have been new devices for acetic acid and new production expectations from abroad, but at the same time there are demand end pta and demand end pta and
The acetic acid market is in a state of marginal equilibrium. During the period August-September, the acetic acid industry bank had a short-term horizon, which had unexpectedly lowered the supply side, driving the price increase. Looking back, in the context of both supply and demand increases, it is expected that the acid climate will maintain a concussion, if there is an unexpected drop in production at the supply end, or a catalytic phase of behaviour.
Millions of tons of acetic acid are in production, and the company ' s acetic acid business jumped to the second highest level in the country. By the end of 2022, the company owned 500,000 tons of acetic acid and 50,000 tons of acetic anhydride products, the new 1 million tons of acetic acid products built in the first phase of the Xingzhou base was successfully put into production in November 23 (approximately 800,000 tons in actual production) and the capacity of the post-partum company increased to 1.6 million tons (approximately 1.4 million tons in real terms).
After China Sorority’s 1.7 million tons, it became the country’s second largest supplier of acetic acid, with a significant increase in market ownership. 4. Growth of business: new materials bloomed, high-end transitions to new materials from traditional coal-chemicals were a further step in the company’s “one-line” strategy, now new to the company.
Material business maps can be divided into two categories: “New energy materials”, which are intended to provide integrated solutions for materials upstream of lithium electricity, and “New nylon materials”, which are designed to deepen the layout of products downstream of pure benzene, and new energy materials for coal and petrochemicals, which focus on the two main lines of “High-value conversion of ethanol and extension of the +bdo industrial chain”
4.1.1. High-value conversion of ethanol: building a full package of solution solutions for electrolytic fluids, accelerating the operating layout of herbic acid ethanol high-value conversion thinking \triangleright
How does coal-based ethanol become a treasure? Refinement pathways; ethanol dmc+heraic acid. (1) In 2018, the company commissioned 500,000 tons of coal-based ethanol devices, but since then, due to inefficiency, the company has started to modify the ethanol device. First, through a pilot test, the company has developed a new process for co-production of dmc of the ethanol production line and has developed it on this base.
With $320 million in investment, the original device was technically modified and 300,000 tonnes/year of high-quality dmc co-production capacity was achieved without changing the main device. In addition, the company has increased its profitability by hydrolyzing the production of herbic acid, relying on the intermediate herb acid dimethyl ester. (2) By the end of 2023, the company ' s high-end solvent project had been successfully launched.
dmc/emc/dec/heraic acid production capacity of 60/30/5/50 million tonnes, respectively. Co-production costs of coal ethanol are significant and the flexible co-production approach adds further benefits. (1) In the case of dmc products, conventional processes are mainly produced through ester exchange, while companies are based on coal production of ethanol.
The production of dmc using meso-herbic acid has a clear advantage in the cost of production due to cheaper raw materials. (2) In addition, in terms of production flexibility, there are dynamic adjustments between products such as ethanol, dmc, herbic acid, etc., where the benefits are optimal and the oil route (ester exchange method) is not possible.
Figure 60: Company approach to high-value conversion of ethanol Electrolyte solution: building a "dmc+emc+dec+ec" package of solutions \triangleright
The electrolyte is one of the four main materials of the lithium ion cell, which is primarily used to transmit the ions between the positive and the negative poles of the battery, and is important for the battery ' s first efficiency, life cycle, power performance, etc., at a cost of about 10-15% of the cost of the lithium ion battery production. (1) The electrolyte is predominantly distributed according to a proportion of the solvent, electrolysis and additives.
Of these, solvents are used to dissolve lithium salt and provide carriers of lithium ion, which is the main component of the electrolyte, accounting for about 80% of the electrolyte volume and 22-28% of the electrolyte cost. Solvents need to meet the requirements of high electricity constants, high solubility, low viscosity, low cost, etc. 95% of the solvents currently on the market are based on carbonate. (2) Carbon acid according to structure.
Ethylene solvents are predominantly divided into cyclic carbonate and chain-based ester organic solvents. The cyclic ester organic solvents have a high frequency of electricity, and lithium salts are more soluble, but have a greater viscosity that does not facilitate the transfer of lithium ion, mainly ethylene carbonate (ec) and acrylate (pc). The chain-carbonate organic solvents have a low frequency of electricity and are less capable of soluting lithium salt, but they are less capable of soluting.
Low viscosity is highly mobile and facilitates the transfer of lithium ion, mainly dimethyl carbonate (dmc), diethyl carbonate (dec) and methyl ester carbonate (emc). In the absence of a single solvent that can meet all the needs of lithium batteries at the same time, two or even more solvents are commonly chosen to be used in a specific scale.
Downstream lithium batteries are growing rapidly, leading to higher demand in the market for electrolyte solutions. According to the evtank, the worldwide lithium cell solution delivered 924,000 tons in 2022, an increase of 73 per cent over the same period, of which the Chinese lithium cell released 757,000 tons, a global share of 81.9 per cent.
Rapidly growing, global demand for lithium cell electrolyte solutions will reach 2.0780 and 56.42 million tonnes, respectively, by 2025 and 2030.dmc is known as dimethyl carbonate, which is one of the most dominant electrolytic solutions at present. (1) dmc according to its purity.
The requirements can be divided into industrial and battery classes. The industrial level dmc can be used to produce polycarbonate esters, photo fluids, coatings, etc., and the battery level dmc can be matched proportionally with other solvents to the lithium cell electrolyte solution. (2) The battery level dmc is high, and most enterprises are only able to produce the industrial level dmc. The industrial level dmc requires 99.9% purity.
The battery level dmc is classified as an electronic chemical, with a purity requirement of 99.99% and a high-quality battery even with a purity threshold of 99.999% and a higher certification threshold.
There are three main types: the ester exchange method, methanol glycolation method, coal-based ethanol co-production method. By 2023, the most widely applied method in industry was the pyre exchange method, which was 35%.
The proportion of battery-grade products produced has a significant cost advantage. dmc has more capacity in construction and there are demand-supply mismatches. In recent years, the demand for dmc has increased dramatically in the new energy sector, with an additional 1.01 million tons of capacity projected for the year, which is expected to reach 4,041,000 tons by 2025, as planned.
The profits of dmc from the current ester exchange route are already in the bottom zone and are expected to be limited further downwards, with the Wallu Henlium expected to achieve better performance with a premium on battery-grade products and the cost advantage of co-production of its own coal ethanol.
Figure 67: Price differential tracking of ethylene oxide exchange dmc ・ Industrial dmc (Mt/t) Batteries dmc (Mt/t)
Emc and Dec also use more frequent electrolyte solutions, which can be prepared by dmc. Generally, trio batteries account for a higher share of emc and a higher share of dmc in lithium phosphate batteries. Both emc and dec can be prepared through ester exchange for dmc and ethanol.
The price of dmc. emc is more productive, and firms with dmc integration are more competitive. By 2022, the domestic emc capacity stood at 510,000 tons, and by 2023 it is expected to grow by 470,000 tons, with a growth rate of 92 per cent.
By 2024, the rate of expansion of emc has slowed. Because the direct raw material of emc is dmc and the by-products of the reaction methanol can further produce emc with dec, firms with dmc capacity, such as Walluheungl, will have cost advantages and product adjustment capabilities.
In addition, the company plans to build 200,000 tons of ec capacity to improve the supply capacity of a full set of electrolyte solution products, and the project has now been advertised three times. In terms of industry demand, the single solvent system is not capable of meeting the requirements of the electrolytic fluid, requiring the recombination of a wide range of electrolytes to enhance the overall battery performance, and the company will provide the full set in the future.
The electrolytic solution product programme, which continuously upgrades the market position and competitiveness in the field of electrolyte solution, has a high demand for phosphate lithium and electronic-grade herbic acid, also known as acetic acid, which is a binary acid because it is connected by two silicons and is more acidic than other binary acids, and
Greater reduction is one of the basic chemical materials commonly used in industrial production. Compared to most strong acids, a lot of herbic acids exist in solid form to facilitate transport and storage.
The oxidation of carbohydrates, sodium methate, carbon monoxide, ethylene nitrate, acetylene oxide, etc., are most widely used in domestic industrial practice. The oxidation of carbohydrates directly uses carbohydrates or agricultural by-products and their wastes as feedstocks for the extraction of herbic acids through nitrate oxidation.
And the tail gas contains a large amount of nitrogen oxides, which are highly toxic and polluting. The nitrous acid process in Warlusing L uses the carbon monoxide co-mixture process, which combines carbon monoxide and nitrates with a co-opt of herbate under high-temperature constant pressure, and herbic acids and methanols, which hydrolyzes the herbic acids and methanols. The ethanol fluids, reoxidations, generate nitrites, are recycled.
The process is highly selective, simple, product-purity, and low production costs. The herbic acid products can be divided into industrial herbic acids and refined herbic acids, which are produced from pure industrial herbic acids.
Changes in the demand for rare earth have a greater impact on the price of herbic acid. Precursor acid downstream is mainly used as a catalyst recovery, cleaning of circuit boards, cleaning of optical glass stone sands, etc. Grass acid can also be used for the preparation of derivatives of herbate, mainly sub-iron (for the preparation of phosphate lithium). In terms of product structure, the industry is currently dominated by industrial herbic acid, which is the ratio of refined herbic acid.
About 7%. From downstream applications, about 20% of herbic acid downstream is used for pharmaceuticals, 30% for rare earth separation, 30% for new energy sources, and the remaining 20% for other areas such as textile printing (2022 data).
On the other hand, there is a tendency to improve the pattern of competition in the rare earth industry, adding to the recovery of rare earth deposits abroad, and to improve the basic industrial requirements for herbic acid. (2) The additional increase in the demand is due to the precision of the herbic acid. On the other hand, the high volume of photovoltage is driving up the demand for plating of the upper stone folic acid.
Iron-rich superwhite glass. The acid-washed quartz sand process is now a mature and more effective method of removing the surface impurities of quartz particles, while the current industrial-common prairie-drying formulations include herbic acid plus ammonium fluoride, herbic acid plus hydrofluoric acid. On the other hand, electronic ceramics also need to consume large amounts of herbic acid, while the electronic ceramic market in our country is at a high rate of development.
In 2023, the size of our electronic ceramic market is projected to be $112.3 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period. (3) According to the consulting opinion, domestic demand for herbic acid is projected to reach 960,000 tons in 2023, and further 1.1 million in 2025: (1) We are the world's largest supplier of herbic acid production, and by the end of 2023, according to incomplete statistics,
We have an annual capacity of 1.18 million tons of herbic acid, with a high concentration of industry. Of these, 74% are in Hualuhingl, Dragon Qui, and Huxuan. (2) It should be noted, however, that most of the production processes in the herbic acid industry in our country still use high production costs, the oxidation of carbohydrates and sodium meth acid, which are more environmentally friendly and often subject to environmental monitoring.
Fewer than half of the enterprises have a low cost of producing scavenging acid under the carbon monoxide combustible process. Hualuing Lt. is a representative of the combustible combustible process with high purity and low production costs, with industrial scavenging products reaching the level of excellence, while the company further refines its scavenging operations to create new energy materials in conjunction with the electrolyte solution.
A comprehensive solution. (3) Looking back, the country ' s new production capacity for herbic acid is relatively limited over the next few years, and industry is expected to contribute to the industry ' s 4.1.2.bdo chain: a focus on lithium-electric positive materials nmp, upstream/downstream integration to shape competitive bdo industry chain thinking
\triangleright State Base Extension bdo project, organic coupling with the traditional coal industry chain. (1) The company has extended the bdo integration project at the State Base, where electric stones are purchased for feedstock production of acetylene, acetylene and formaldehyde, etc.
Hydrogen reaction generation bdo, bdo dehydration production of butine esters, and a methamidochlor response to nonmp. Project design capacity is 200,000 tonnes bdo, 160,000 tonnes. (2) During the above reaction, gas platforms can be extracted for low-cost hydrogen, bdo dehydration by-product hydrogen can also be recycled, and companies can also produce a methamamine.
Aqueous layout, which is equivalent to deep processing of upstream products. bdo: more productive planning, with a cost advantage of the thorium method, 1,4-butadiol (bdo) is an important chemical intermediate, usually at a temperature of non-colourable oily liquids, which can be used downstream.
The main industrial production routes are bdo, acrylic, butadiene and acetylene, which are the main routes with cost advantages. The raw materials are formaldehyde and acetylene, which can be made of electrol or natural gas.
At the end of the supply: bdo is more productive and has been in an expansion cycle since 23 years, with the process still dominant.
By the end of 2022, we had a total production capacity of about 3.05 million tons, mainly concentrated in the interior and Xinjiang regions, of which the electro-stone method accounted for about 81%. Looking back, the bdo produced more in the next few years, but was influenced by factors such as material end-side constraints, low business climate, and actual start-up capacity was less than planned.
Demand side: bdo's biggest downstream is ptmeg, with demand increment at nmp. (1) ptmeg is the most important downstream product of bdo, accounting for 51% of total demand in 2021. ptmeg downstream 90% is used for the production of ammonia and 1 ton
Ammonium is expected to consume about 0.99 tons of bdo. Since there is still much room for improvement in the use of ammonium in fabrics, the combined growth rate is expected to remain at 7% in 2022-2025. (2) bdo downstream approximately 14% is used for butine esters (gbl), gbl the most important downstream is nmp, an auxiliary solvent for pvdf, and 1 ton is required to consume 0.97 tonnes of bdo.
With the increase in demand for lithium downstream, a combined increase of 15% is expected for gbl in 2022-2025. (3) bdo downstream about 5% is used for pbat, and the pbat has been put at a slower pace as degradation policy is not spreading as expected.
After entering 2022, supply and demand on both sides of the supply chain were weakened, and bdo's industrial chain stock continued to accumulate, driving prices down. Looking to the post-market, demand-side ammonia and nmp consumption are expected to be released gradually, but supply-side production is still more productive and cost competition will be bdo-rich.
Nmp:pvdf auxiliary solvent with a high purity in the direction of development \triangleright nmp is fully known as n-methamphetamine, molecular formula c_5h_6no, a good solvent in lithium batteries
Production, polymer synthesis, electronic chemicals, insulation, etc. have a wide range of applications, of which about 74% are used in lithium cell preparation for electronic phase nmp, which is the most important application of the product.
When making electrodes, nmp is used as a solvent, soluble with such substances as water, pvdf, positive or negative material, and combines the substances required for various electrodes, such as glues, positive active substances, conductors, etc., to provide full exposure and even distribution of the glue and other substances.
At the end of the demand: the increase in the volume of lithium batteries is driven by an increase in the demand for nmp. According to high-tech lithium (ggii) projections, global lithium batteries are expected to reach 2396gwhh by 2025, at a rate of 1,700 tons per gwh lithium battery.
In addition, lithium batteries have a useful life limit and, as the volume of lithium batteries has increased, the future lithium battery recycling market will be opened up, and selective separation of components using Nmp is an efficient method of recovery, which is expected to be followed.
Production end: Nmp production processes are combined and recycled. (1) nmp synthesis is divided into non-catalytic combinations (Walusin litres route) and catalytic synthesis techniques. Non-catalytic synthesis is achieved through the contraction of gamma-butyrin with a methamidochlor under high temperature pressure and is developed earlier, with a higher degree of maturity, as used by most enterprises in the country.
Process-generated products meet battery-level use needs, and some enterprises can achieve semiconductor-level use by optimizing the process process process. Catalysing nmp technologies are relatively late, have the advantage of energy consumption and low cost, product purity is higher, and can be used in electronic level areas such as photo-record decoupling, LCD cleaner cleaning, but catalyst lifetime, etc.
Nationally produced applications are limited and are still concentrated in foreign hands. (2) Nmp recovery is the formation of a hydro- and impurities-containing nmp-reclamation liquid through baked evaporation condensation, and then reuse through pure processing. nmp has an average loss of about 10% in the pure processing process, so the future lithium battery industry will have a major demand for nmp.
It is divided into two parts: the nmp new liquid, which is used primarily to meet the demand for nonmp from the expansion of lithium cell capacity and to replenish the 10% circulation loss, which is synthesized by the manufacturer through bdo. The nmp regenerative liquid, which increases as the market stock increases, will also increase the number of nonmp regenerative liquids circulating on the market.
Supply side: nmp national production accelerates, but structural imbalances are becoming increasingly apparent. (1) The nmp production process, which is currently in the mainstream in the country, is a non-catalytic synthesis method, with a low threshold and a shorter production growth cycle (general extension week of 1-2 years).
By the end of 2022, the country had about 910,000 tonnes of total Nmp capacity, including 530,000 tonnes of synthetic capacity, 380,000 tonnes of recycling capacity, and 2.04 million tonnes of new and planned production capacity in the industry. (2) However, the expansion of the industry was accompanied by an imbalance in the development structure, in which a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises were primarily recycling-oriented and low levels of technology contributed to low end-of-life overcapacity.
In the future, low-end nmp faces increased competition, and high-purity nmp is expected to remain high.
The core raw material is bdo, the price of bdo determines the lower price of nmp, while downstream pvdf determines the upper price limit of nmp. Since 2023, the bdo price of raw material has been low, while downstream lithium industry has been averaged, making the price of nmp always run low.
Nmp recovery capacity makes it more difficult to produce high-purity nmp products, and it is expected to use high-purity nmp 4.2 nylon new materials using synthetic routes: accelerate the layout of pure downstream benzene products, build a two-wheel drive of "pa6+pa66" The pure benzene industry chain is an important attempt to diversify the company ' s layout, and it still has a low-cost gas platform behind it.
There are numerous links. (1) The value-added increases are based on the extension of existing products. Hacid is one of the traditional old businesses of the Hualu Heungl, which completed the construction of 160,000 tonnes of HSD as early as 2012 and further expanded to 32.66 million tonnes in 2021. On this basis, HFA operates as a breakout point, from a single "Pull Acid".
The benzene-hedipic acid chain was expanded to "Pure benzene-cpl-pa6", "Pure benzene-hedipic acid-pa66" chains, of which 300,000 tons of the HFA and 200,000 tons of Pa6 units were put into production in October 21 and November 22, respectively. (2) Deeply low-cost thinking.
Hexaphenone amino fertilization requires synthetic ammonia and dioxyhydrazine (from hydrogen gas) and cyclohexol adipic acid requires nitrate (from synthetic ammonia), all of which are closely linked to the gas platform. 4.2.1.cpl-pa6: Overstretched pressure is still in place and ammonia is coupled with the gas platform to ensure competitiveness.
Inner amphetamine is a very important organic chemical material, which is an upstream material in the chain of the conjunctine industry. It is mainly used in polysynthesis to produce pa6 slices (also known as congener 6 slices), which are then used in areas such as filaments, engineering plastics, thin film, fishing net wires, carpet wires, etc.
Figure 90: The cpl-pa6 industrial chain structure map, cpl production, is mainly based on an amino platinum process, which has a strong cost advantage. The amino platinum process is divided into four core steps, with low-cost hydrogen plus raw ingredients being key to competitiveness.
Gas and liquid ammonia, which are usually accompanied by coal-based hydrogen and synthetic ammonia devices and, in part, by a dioxyhydroxyhydride device, are produced from gas platforms at lower cost in Luheungl, while the raw materials of HFA, in addition to pure benzene, can be used in part to maximize resource utilization through the use of cyclohexol, which is surplus to the upper end of the HDI device.
In 2022, China’s p6 market consumption was the main driving force behind the growth in demand for p6 and accounted for about 60% of the p6 consumption. The filament is light, soft, miller-resistant, wetting, and reelastic, and is a very close choice for making a variety of sports costumes and outdoors.
The demand for civil silk has grown rapidly over the years, as State support for the sports industry has increased, with the rapid rise of yoga clothing, sports lingerie, outdoor clothing, etc. downstream of the thugs. In 2021, our retail trade in sports clothes was $166.5 billion, and in the last five years the cagr was 13.3%, but in terms of penetration, our sales of sports clothing were less than at the global level.
In the case of engineering plastics, the current consumption of industrial pa6 slices has passed by 1 million tons, mainly for the production of a variety of heavy-load mechanical parts, and bopa film. But as the level of pa66 has gradually increased, some of the pa6 demand or will shift to pa66, p6 is expected to grow.
Supply side: In recent years, domestic production has been growing at a high rate, with higher supply-side pressures, and increased competition in the industry. According to the Kiwakawa Soyovu statistics, Chinese cpl and Pa6 produced 649,642 million tons of capacity in 2023, respectively, yielding a national breakthrough in upstream raw materials.
10%. After a rapid expansion in 2019, the country ' s cpl-pa6 industrial chain as a whole has been in oversupply, with insufficient follow-up, with a projected cpl-pa6 climate or maintenance of the base in the coming years.
Figure 96: cpl price, price differential tracking, figure 97: p6 price, price differential tracking 4.2.2.aa: pa66 extension speed, adipic acid or recovery
Aa, mainly based on pure benzene, is used downstream for both nylon 66 and polyurethane. The company currently produces 32.66 million tons of adipic acid, the highest production in the country, while 200,000 tons of adipic acid are available at the Texas base.
Figure 98: Industrial chains of adipic acid Main production processes are divided into cyclohexane and cyclohexene, which have cost advantages. (1) The cyclohexane method is developed early and has more applications for overseas production, but its production processes are complex, energy is high, waste is high and emissions are high
Acids are used in large quantities and can be corrosion-prone equipment. (2) The cyclohexene method selects pure benzene components for hydrogen-based cyclohexene, thereby hydrating cyclohexol, which has the advantage of significantly reducing the consumption of hydrogen gas and nitric acid with a slight increase in the consumption of pure benzene, with high yield, good quality, and low energy consumption.
The product fully meets the merit level requirements, particularly the company’s successful QA2 upgrades in February 2021, and the quality and supply of the product has entered the first line of the industry. At the supply end: the H2A output has expanded considerably and is concentrated in 23 years, but there is still a part of the stock capacity.
The cyclohexachlorocyclohexane route is expected to be phased out in the future. By 2022, a total of 2.94 million tons of the country ' s own production capacity had been concentrated in China Peak chemistry, hydrochemicals, flat coal, four tons of titanic acid, and a further expansion of the capacity of the peaceful coal pony in 2024.
At the end of demand: the traditional downstream of adipic acid is used mainly for pulp, soles, various elastomers, etc., and the demand is largely stable, with future increases largely dependent on p66 and pbat. Of this, 1 ton of pbat is required to consume 0.39 tons.
Diacetic acid, 1 ton of pa66, which requires 0.65 tons of adipic acid. Looking to the city, the short-term downstream of adipic acid remains largely operational, but with the extension of the pabt and pa66 application, there is some room for upscaling in the medium to long term.
Figure 106: Pa66 price, price differential tracking 5. Bottom of the cycle, taking advantage of the opportunity of elephants to dance. Historically, company valuation performance has been more correlated with pi, and the current rise in pi construction is public.
The majority of the company’s products are dominated by bulk chemicals, most of which are in the middle and upper sections of the industrial chain, and the bottom-up pi usually means better profits for firms dominated by upper-middle manufacturing, as well as a shift in the inventory cycle. From the historical data roundup, whenever pi returns to large cycle levels, the company’s valuation often follows.
The value of the company’s main product is still at historically low prices, but there are signs of a steady recovery in the margins. (1) The benefits are derived from the fall in coal prices and the steady demand for the end, represented by traditional coalized products such as synthetic ammonia, urea, acetic acid, etc.
Taking the lead in recovery, prices and price differentials tend to improve on a seasonal basis, and are expected to provide bottom-up support for corporate performance. (2) New material products, represented by dmc, cpl, adipic acid, are still in the grinding phase, owing to the more advanced pace of expansion and the high oil prices that add up the cost-end.
More productive energy is invested, and the power of the industry may be weak before the demand is warming. We have taken stock of the prices, price differentials, stocks, start-up rates, and supply and demand increases for the company’s main products, and we can see that the stock of products such as dmf, dmc, herbic acid and adipic acid is still at a relatively high level in the last five years, while the industry’s start-up rate has not improved significantly.
It will take time to account for the turning point of the inventory cycle. Meanwhile, the ability of most products to produce more than double-digit composite growth over the next two years means that supply-side growth is likely to remain more liberal, and in this context, the growth in corporate performance will be more dependent. In the short term, the increase in production as a result of the start-up of projects will be an important driver of growth in corporate performance.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s performance is expected to rise again with the continued accumulation of good quality assets and a return to the industry’s state of view.
The company’s expansion and profit-rate repair are often carried out interchangeably, and the post-natal period is usually accompanied by the construction of the roa, which, when the industry’s boundaries are cleared, will raise the company’s performance again to a new height. The company’s roa is now back at the bottom of history, looking back at the end of the release of the new capacity, and roa still has a much larger recovery in medium and long term.
6.1. Key assumptions and profit projections Fertilizer plates: 1) in terms of capacity, we expect 1 million tons of urea in Qingzhou to be operational by the end of October 23, and 520,000 tons of urea in Qingzhou by the end of 24, while synthesizing the urea base with the gradual release of urea capacity
Not 41%/37%/38%. While the urea industry still has new production capacity, we believe that the Māori rate of corporate fertilizer products is expected to remain stable, given the high post-natal costs of the Qingzhou base.
With regard to acetic acid and derivative plates: 1) capacity, we expect 1 million tons of acetic acid in Xiangzhou to be fully installed in October 23, with the industrial profit center or marginal rehabilitation.
Products, we believe that, with the increased integration and refinement of the industrial chain, the profits of new energy new material plates will be derived from the selection of the following three comparable companies: 1) Bosun energy is the leading coal-based new material production enterprise in the country, covering two major plates, namely, coke and coal. 2) Rusy Chemical is a combination of chemicals, fertilizers, equipment manufacturing and technology development.
The main products of the conglomerates include butoconeol, henoxamide, pa6. 3) The Huachang chemicals industry uses gas as the source of the chain of industry, and the main products include fertilizers, pure alkaline, and polyols. And, as benchmark companies in the field of basic chemicals, we have also incorporated the Qana chemistry into comparable companies.
Given the company's leading position in the coal industry and its cost advantage, as well as the increase in production capacity resulting from the post-partum operation of the Qingzhou base, we look forward to the company's development prospects, and for the first time we cover the “buy-in” rating. Raw material prices fluctuate significantly: coal is the company's main raw material, and coal prices fluctuate over the production of its products.
Cost implications are greater if the price of coal fluctuates significantly, or leads to greater difficulty in the company's production and impacts on the Māori rate of water end demand performance is less than expected: downstream demand for a company's products involves industries such as agriculture, infrastructure, textiles, real estate, etc., and if downstream demand recovers less than expected, it will affect the company's product landscape.
The completion of the project was not as fast as expected: the first phase of the company was fully operational, the second phase of the company project was well under way, and projects such as the expansion of the Texas base adipic acid continued to progress.
New production continues to be released, or leads to increased competition in the industry, which has led to a decline in the production landscape. The three major financial forecasts for WaruHingl have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.