A strong growth in the collection of information technology hardware and equipment, leading to ai server market event: in 2017, the company achieved a revenue of $25,488 million, an increase of 101.21 per cent over the previous year;
The server industry leads the i-server market: corporate server and component operations generate $25,213 million, an increase of 101.92 per cent over the same period, and growth is strong. According to gartner, the wave server in 2017 was the third largest in the world, with the highest rate of increase; and, at the same time, it was the largest in the world.
The company X86 server market is in the top of the Chinese market in terms of volume and sales, and the industry is well placed. The company follows industry trends closely, is driven by market demand, and is active at the hard-loading, management, framework and service levels.
The company has now become the company that owns the richest one's server product line, with a market share of more than 60% in China in the area of artificial intelligence computing, and more than 90% in the tier 1 major Internet enterprise, leading the one-server market. At the same time, the company has built the industry's leading intelligent high-end service.
Total equity/flow (millions) equipment plant, reduced delivery cycle from 15 days to 5-7 days, 30 per cent increase in production efficiency, total market value/flow (millions)
The challenge of large-scale customized production of high-end information equipment was resolved. 12-month-olds/minimum dollars sustained innovation in R & D and strong expansion of overseas markets: companies continued to push for ipd (product)
Intel shares a new generation of genetic wave information (000977), which shows significant growth in performance, and a wave of body-to-body genenginem2, which optimizes performance. The company insists on high-end technological innovation.
New, with a new generation of smart storage G2 platforms and smart all-g2-f.
In addition, the wave of 2017 was stored for the first time in the perimeter of the Gartner General Disk Array -- 2018/01/24.
In overseas operations, companies have made great efforts to replicate successful models in their own countries by opening up the offshore city wave information (00977), the Power artificial intelligence field.
In the same area, the cost rate has decreased.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.