gartner data: Wave server 2017 is the world's number one with the highest volume of cargo growth, and gartner's leader publishes global market survey data for x86 servers: 52.5 billion dollars in 2017 for global x86 servers and 1,1.39 million shipments, an increase of 12.2 per cent and an increase of 12.2 per cent, respectively, in the same year.
3.3%. Waves in 2017 ranked third in the world, with the highest rate of growth worldwide.
The first three were waves (19.3 per cent), Dale (17.2 per cent) and Hua (16 per cent), company server leader status, Xi Pujiang cloud computing and the rising demand for company digitization, and the jdm model worked with the Internet giants in depth.
Multi-node cloud servers become the main product of the current global Internet enterprise procurement, the digitalization of enterprises makes the deployment of business information more flexible, and large firms start to adopt whole cabinet products that meet open computing standards such as odcc, ocp, etc. The wave jdm model is huge for the Internet at competitive costs.
It provides customized products and services and establishes competitive advantages in the field of cloud computing operators.As dynamic overseas markets accelerate the process of globalization of wave servers, one of the major future drivers of corporate server operations, according to corporate announcements, is overseas.
Markets. Companies have now made breakthroughs in many of their overseas market priorities and major clients, and the next step will be to continuously expand overseas markets and extend China’s first advantage to the world. According to the semi-annual report of 2017, 2017h1 overseas business revenue was 1,525 million yuan, an increase of 626%. Companies build uniforms in the United States.
Machine factories and R & D centres can achieve local marketing, localization operations, localized delivery. Internet giants and traditional industries demand-driven business growth and intelligent manufacturing bring about new changes
Equity incentives are unprecedented, server leaders are growing in the future, and the product's accuracy and quality are improving.