In 2017, it was projected to be owned by the company's shareholders.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we calculated the company's net profit in the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the year. The growth in performance was driven by two main factors: (1) the jdm model worked closely with the big Internet, and the high-end market continued to flourish; and (2) the company was smart.
The high-end server plant has reached production capacity and has achieved high-efficiency customization, product accuracy and improvement. jdm model in close collaboration with Internet giants, high-end markets are constantly active one year at the lowest/highest level:
With the rapid growth of Internet and cloud computing, multi-node servers have become an important driver of global server growth. Companies have led the market share of servers on four routes and above, ranking the country first in 2017.
Servers, wave smartracks have more than 70% of China’s scorpion server market. The demand for high-end servers has grown steadily for key and centralized operations by large clients, such as government, gold, and telecommunications.
The wave-wise high-end server plant has reached production, and its product accuracy and efficiency are increasing. The wave-intelligence high-end server plant has been equipped with high-end information-based equipment for intelligent manufacturing in the server field. The product lines are based on new technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and object networking to achieve efficient customization.
The automated production of smart plants is now "brain drains, smart storage, intelligent transport and intelligent tracking" through six core information systems, erp, mes, wms, etc. The transparent production process will be reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days, and production efficiency will be increased by 30 per cent to meet cloud computing and big data determinations.
The dynamic demand for manufactured products has led to an improvement in the accuracy and quality of corporate products.q3 revenue has increased significantly, continuing to strengthen the arithmetic field.
Multiply, Caffe-mpi upgrades a parallel calculation of 0.34, 0.48 and 0.63 respectively, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
Controversy continues to increase x86 server taps are secure, layoutai calculates