Annual report performance growth of 48.95 per cent, cloud computing and the jdm model driving business growth growth of 101.21 per cent; net profit attributable to parent company owners of $428 million, compared with the annual Growth Report performance of the same year, with company product structure split in 2017, mainly with servers and components
Mainly, the main operating income and Māori ratio are as follows: (1) Servers and Parts earned $25.213 billion, an increase of 101.92 per cent over the same period, Māori rate, which, according to company performance forecast for 2017, was the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2017.
This is mainly due to the company’s increased market expansion and the rapid growth in the sale of servers and components. • The domestic X86 server, with cloud computing needs in combination with the jdm model, drives the growth of performance.
With the rapid growth of the Internet and cloud computing, multi-node servers have become an important driver of global server growth. Corporate co-development (jdm) innovations, business models, and a comprehensive mix of corporate-client co-innovation, tailor-made, business-winners.
Waves Launching Power9 New Servers with Promising Small Stock Market Substitution 2018-03-21 * Companies have a market share of more than 60% in the ai computing field, pursuing smart storage technology innovations
The company's market share in domestic artificial intelligence computing is more than 60%, top of the world's biggest interconnections in the Tier 1 world, further consolidated.
More than 90 per cent of online businesses, providing computing support to 100-degree, Alibaba, Tseng, Kyundong, Cyber, Face++, and other nationally known i related businesses to help clients in voice, image, video, search, Internet giants and traditional industry demand-driven operations
Quantities of applications have been enhanced, such as the network. Wave storage is at the heart of intelligence, maintaining high-end growth, and intelligent manufacturing has brought about new changes. 2018-02-27.
Technological innovation, with a new generation of smart storage platforms g2 and smart flashes g2-f. Waves full of new generations of intellectuals growthables 2018-02-13 can store the g2 platform, covering low-, medium- and high-level storage products, and can achieve 2-16 controllers
Predicted Increases 35-65%, Smart High-end Server Extensions and tb Level Cache Extensions to meet Different Needs for Storage by Clients in Different Industries.
● A powered smart server factory, which actively exploits overseas markets The company has built a leading industrially intelligent high-end server factory, bringing together the core technology of “China manufactures 2025”, which is built in one intelligent, automated, modular, digital, and softer.
Transparent production processes include more than 30 links and 120 numbers, with delivery cycles reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days, and production efficiency increased by 30%. Companies focus on core clients in key industries, expanding their markets abroad, and pushing the global distribution of services.
Overseas operations generated 3,014 million yuan, or 11.83 per cent of total income, an increase of 349.39 per cent over the same period.