The performance of IT technology hardware and equipment has increased significantly, and jdm has contributed to future developments Events: The company recently issued a performance forecast for 2017, which it expected during the reporting period
The market for servers is strong, and one leads the industry. Products such as corporate energy artificial intelligence, with a market share of more than 60% in the domestic area of artificial intelligence computing, have become an important driving force in the growth of corporate performance.
According to idc, in the third quarter of 2017, the size of the Chinese x86 server market was approximately $18,780 million, an increase of 25.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and companies first obtained Chinese market for the first time in terms of volume of goods and sales at the same time.
Over the years, the area has a strong customer accumulation and technological advantage and is expected to benefit significantly from the dividends of the development of the off-site server market in the country.
Jdm's innovative business model contributes to future development. The company is the only server provider in the country that has joined the three open-calculation organizations, odcc, ocp, and Open19, at the same time.
To create the jdm model at the highest/minimum level for 12 months, to develop joint custom development and collaboration with clients for future applications, and to extend innovatively developed products to more industries. The company ' s jdm model is now deep.
Wave Information (000977), Calculator Wisdom Calculators, Into Architecture, Chip Layers Development, and Deep Cooperation with Multiples. April 2017, Public Server Heading Towards a New Age of Growth.
The Division co-published with Pepsi a dedicated system sr-ai full cabinet server for i applications -- 2018/01/24 for 100-degree operations such as unmanned, voice recognition, image recognition, etc.: June, company and company
Wave Information (000977) China Telecom, Intel, co-published the first operating-level Nfv whole cabinet solution.
The model brings customer demand to the R & D end, the procurement end, the production end, and leads the industry ' s technology - 2017/10/29 trend, which helps to improve product competitiveness and strengthen the basis for the company ' s future growth.
Wave Information (000977).
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.