Investment rating: buy-in (first time) heat management tap, multi-business co-development
So far, the company has focused on thermal management parts and components, strategic focus on its size and pre-emptive advantage, horizontal expansion, vertical expansion, multi-dimensional operations and development of the company ' s growing chiller zero-wheel-drive growth, storage robotic layout opening up the space for growth.
The company is now growing from the main industry of refrigeration + the second curve of zero-wheel-drive. The main industry of refrigeration, technology, and long-term industry is ahead, and is expected to increase its share of commercial air conditioning global markets in the future, with high heat pump demand, and company prices compared to the depth of 300.
This is expected to contribute to the structural growth of the company’s refrigeration operations. The zero industry benefits from electric vehicle penetration and consolidation upgrades, which contribute to short- and medium-term growth elasticity in hand orders; and the forward zero profit margin is expected to rise with the share of integrated components and self-control in the future.
The future growth of new businesses, such as layouts and robots, is still promising. The company relies on technological homogeneity to pre-position storage and robotic track, and the storage of 2023h1 has moved beyond industry pole customers to generate revenue; the robotics business has signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Green Harble.
Building technological advantages in areas such as imitating robotic electro-electric enforcers. Two new business combinations are expected to open up the third pole of the growth curve for companies.
The company has been established to date to focus on thermal management parts and components, strategic focus on the size and pre-emptive advantage of the company, horizontal expansion of the product category, covering valves, pumps, radiators, components, etc., vertical expansion of the industry, downstream applications, etc.
At the performance level, 2023q1-3 achieved business income of $18.976 billion, or +21.65 per cent; and figure 1 achieved revenue and growth.
Two refrigerants, zero-wheel-drive growth, and the storage robotic layout opens up the space for growth. The company is now growing with the main industry refrigeration + second curve, zero-wheel-drive growth. The main industry is cooling and technology is long-term.
The industry leads, and the markets for products such as corporate air-conditioning electro-inflated valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, and microchannel heaters are among the highest in the world. They are expected to grow steadily in the future as the global market share of commercial air-conditioning increases.
The layout includes three new production bases since 2022, three new subsidiaries to further improve the global layout, and now overseas subsidiaries are established in Japan, Korea, Singapore, the United States, Mexico, Germany, etc. In the United States, Poland, Mexico, Viet Nam, India, etc.
The company is expected to contribute to short- and medium-term growth elasticity; with the future increase in the share of integrated components and home-grown rates, forward profits are expected to be expected to increase to new and emerging businesses, such as layouts and robots. The company relies on technological homogeneity to pre-empt storage and robotics, and in March 2022, a three-flower new energy heat management technology (Hangzhou) was established.
In the case of robotics, the company issued an announcement in April 2023 to sign a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with the Green Synergy Technology Unit in Suzhou. The two parties will establish a joint venture in Mexico that will lead to a loss of coherence.
Speeders, enhanced cooperation in the robotic industrial chain, are expected to build technological excellence in areas such as imitation of robotic electron executives. Both new businesses are now in the middle of their growth, and the potential for future convergence is expected to lead to less than expected growth in the company’s zero-carbon business that opens up the growth curve, increased competition in the industry, large fluctuations in shipping costs, and large fluctuations in raw material prices.
The data and information used in this report, using information that is legally complied with and produced independently and objectively, come from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.