Media (002027.sz) Media integration ii. Superb business cycle is expected to continue.
At the end of the income: benefiting from the July 2020 upturn in the prices of the press, the company 's 20q3-storey media business earned 19.8% more than ever. The advertising industry is now in a high-scenario cycle, with the building media acting as a high-quality underline flow of handbags, and we judge that in 2021 the company still had an opportunity to upgrade its media.
On the other hand, three days of New Year's Eve in 2021, the cinema room was 1.3 billion dollars in innovation, and with heavy films like Tang Tsin 3, we judged that the film market would be warming up to benefit the company's cinema media business.
The cost of corporate media rental fell by 18.5% on a year-on-year basis. We judge that the expansion of the company or the reopening of the media in 2021 to further increase market share, but thanks to a liberal competitive environment and a typical post-economic sector for the upstream industry,1 the macroeconomic sector is now recovering from a new boom.
During the period, investors' expectations of future macroeconomic prospects were significantly better than in 2018, in a complex geopolitical environment and a dark period in the context of “go to high-end leverage”;
At the level of competition patterns in the two sectors: on the one hand, the slowdown in online traffic has increased the cost of advertising on the Internet, making the media, which represents the flow of quality under the line, more recognized by advertisers, and, on the other hand, the current pattern of competition in the building media sector has improved significantly compared to the vicious dotting period of 2018, and media resources in the new wave media have been biased.
q2 has performed better than expected, and the client structure continues to develop the community and focus on the development of local life advertisers.
The mass media: a single quarter is expected to pick up and see good for the long term.3 In contrast to the height of the previous business cycle, major changes have occurred in the advertising structure of the mass media, which depend on a sharp decline in the share of the new economic advertisers who transmit blood at the first level of the market, replacing it with a robust business model.
Distributive media: Reverse expansion of performance, long-term recognition of buildings, strong cash flows of consumer advertisers, directly contributing to higher levels of profitability and reduced bad debt impairment.
In summary, we believe that the mass media are in the best stage of development in history, with a certain degree of continuity, and with a long-term no-change-to-mortality advantage, while the second employee-to-equity plan, launched at the end of last year, shows management ' s confidence in doing business.
As we can see, the company is the target of a few companies in the alpha market that operate both alpha and macro beta. We maintain that the company “buys out the media: semi-annual performances, high-speed media spots, the risk of bad receivables, and a major recurrence of the new crown epidemic.