Investment ratings: Increase in (maintain) the rise of new consumer brands in 2020 and the boom in online education markets have led to an increase in corporate revenue. The first half of 2020 was affected by the epidemic, and demand from advertisers declined significantly.
Starting with a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep, consumer consumer-type advertising clients have recovered their demand from two main sources: on the one hand, new economic brands, such as perfect diary, gas forest, Hanxiko, etc.; and on the other hand, new economic brands.
In addition, online educational Internet clients bring in a lot of growth, such as sparkling thinking, high graphics, business clubs, and so on. Many brand activation cases not only allow companies to take up ten in the rise of the new consumer industry.
The important location has also significantly increased the client's recognition of the company, raising the company's media profile, cleaning down inefficient locations, controlling costs and improving effectiveness in 2020. 1) The company's spot rent was partially reduced during the epidemic, for example, by renting costs associated with the cinema end in 2020.
Some point contracts, the company renewed with the property industry in 2020, resulting in a certain reduction in rent costs; 3) the company concentrated on site planning in 2020, cutting off some of the points. 2021q1 meets expectations and increases performance throughout the year.
Over 30 times, the year-on-year growth was largely due to the low performance base of companies under the impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020q1. Usually, the quarter harvest was a low four quarters of the year, and, under the current guidance of $1.3 billion in the median net profit of 2021q1, we maintained the previous year for 2021.
At the same time, we expect that the profits of the 2021q1 company will come mainly from the ladder, that the cinematographer is contributing less and is still in the process of recovery, and that the year-round increase will be significant. The earlier issue of “out-of-school training institutions” does not, in our view, have a significant impact on the performance of the company.
On the one hand, there is a limited share of education clients, up to 10 per cent in 2020, and on the other hand, short-term disturbance of long-term trends.
There will be no change in the certainty of the placement, both on the normative level and on the content of advertising.
And with the 2020 performance report data, we fine-tuned the previous projections of corporate performance, with the expectation that the macroeconomic environment would recover below expectations; regulatory policy risks; advertising by online education companies less than expected; and the introduction of new products from traditional consumer goods companies and new consumer brands.
Expected; unanticipated recovery of cinemas; recurrent outbreaks; increased competition in the industry; media content strategy and investment experience for listed companies; independent and objective production of the present report using information on legal compliance; data and information used in the present report from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.