With scarce value stacking up the cycle, the ladder has outpaced the expected growth in performance - the media (002027.sz) tabulation report on media managementhon
Economic warming + business cycle upwards + investment values are recognized by more industry clients, with a single quarter of 2004 of record high, with 2101 being the best net profit for the same period. The first half of the year, the weak demand in the advertising market + the epidemic is an objective restriction on the normal release of ads on the building ladder.
The annual harvest has declined slightly. But quarterly figures show that the 2004 revenues were $4.22 billion, exceeding the previous single season, when the market value of the share of circulation a (billion yuan) was 1.207 billion yuan (1801.1 million yuan) and the macroeconomic weakness of the epidemic and the escalator's performance was strong.
The advertising industry is closely linked to macroeconomics, with a 2.3 per cent increase in the domestic gdp in 20 years (compared to 6.1 per cent in the previous year). Ctr shows a 11.6 per cent decline in the overall advertising market in 20 years, but the ladder is the only one to increase it (23.8 per cent for television media and the poster media).
28.9%, and the advantage of the track is evident. 2) The new consumer industry is high, the construction of the boom cases, the increase in fees, the rise of new national consumer brands such as gas forest, self-high pots, etc., which, during the epidemic, brought greater demand to the company, and traditional foods such as the rooster are on the ladder in the near future.
Increased investment. Consumer goods have always been important for the stability of corporate revenue because of their needs. Internet finance is back on the rise to “high-high-strike-and-market” claims, and the product and service industry has been spending 20 years on high-growth elevator poster advertising, according to ctr.
On the market list, online education brands such as high-quality classes are the first to be evaluated in the three-quarterly edition of the _aaa_panel media (002027.sz). The online education industry is expected to remain high in 2021, followed by higher sales.
And it continues to be an important growth point in the revenue from the escalator's advertising. Gamemakers used to promote online purchases as a six-monthly rating point for the media (002027.sz).
As a complement to the branding campaign, the original legends of 20h2 took the lead, and in February 21 games such as The Greatest Tour, The King's Glory, and the original Gods, the industry companies covered for the first time _aaa_ the mass media (002027).
_ Performance is at the bottom of the line, turning around, and the top price of the building's media is a reflection of a growing number of areas in which the investment value is recognized.
• Business leverage to the previous cycle + tax relief + customer refunds improved, resulting in a significant increase in profits. 1) Business leverage: location costs are relatively rigid, higher prices (the company raised high-rate prices twice in July 2020 and January 2121) + profit elasticity is sufficient with higher rates of posting. 2) Tax relief: 20 years of government culture exemption.
Construction costs reduce corporate turnover taxes and surcharges (Yoy-77.39 per cent). 3) Client repayments improve: As primary markets invest in finance and macroeconomic recovery, client cash flows improve and losses on corporate credit impairment are reduced over 20 years (Yoy-52.02 per cent).
The film industry is expected to rise significantly in 21 years of demand. The New Year’s and Spring seasons are all record-high, reflecting the rising interest of viewers in watching the aftermath of the epidemic. Ctr shows that in January 2021, video advertising in cinemas cost 3.1% more, and the subsequent increase in film intensity is expected to lead to pre-screening advertising.
On the other hand, the company’s growing resource base, including in-depth collaboration with Nakazawa, Bonner, and Warsaw, will boost the company’s screen media market’s growth. Risk factors: tight Internet financing; emerging media diversion advertising master budgets; competition one.