Gore shares (002241.sz) Electronic components  other components  performance increased significantly in the first half of 2017 and is still to be expected in the future
Client orders rebounded and overseas market-driven companies increased their revenues significantly: in the first half of 2017, companies achieved sales revenues of $9.97 billion, an increase of 52.4 per cent, despite the slowdown in the downstream smartphone market, but with good relations with large companies, they maintained and developed in line with the “part parts plus whole” development strategy.
In the first half of the year, sales in overseas markets reached 84.1% of sales and 73.8% of sales.
The Māori rate has largely been maintained, and product restructuring has had an impact: the company ' s overall Māori rate rose 0.5 percentage points in the first half of 2017 compared to the domestic market.
The split-point and the electronic parts business fell by 3.3 percentage points the same year. So we can see that not only did the electronics have an increase in orders for major customers overseas, but the effective control of costs also contributed to the Māori rate.
In the first three quarters, performance continued to be positive, and the “part parts plus machine” strategy continued: the company expected to move forward by 2017.
The three-quarter net profit growth rate of 30-50 per cent, slightly lower than the medium-term performance rate of 51.6 per cent, will continue to follow the strategic direction of “parts plus whole” and, on the one hand, consolidate market leadership in the field of electrophones.
In the case of smart hardware products, the Gore shares of "hearable, soundable, wearable, robotics": Acoustic component upgrades drive performance growth, vanity.
Gore shares: performance increases in 2016 are significant, and the transition to profitability has an impact; corporate R & D inputs have had an undesired impact on corporate access.
- Quarterly performance rating: the profits from revenue collection have risen significantly, the company achieved 9.97 billion yuan in sales revenue in the first half of 2017, an increase of 52.4 per cent in the same year, with sales revenue in the second quarter, but the company, by virtue of its good relationship with the big company, has maintained and developed its own acoustic instrument, following the development strategy of “part parts plus whole”
The market leadership in this field has led to a rapid increase in revenues and profits from the successful introduction of new electronics products with waterproof, stereo-sounding, and higher albedo performance. The company achieved a net profit of $719 million for its parent shareholders in the first half of 2017, an increase of 51.6 per cent in the second quarter of the year.
On the other hand, while the profitability of electronic manufacturing operations is slightly lower than that of acoustics and the scale of operations is increasing year by year, companies have maintained high levels of production control, which has kept their combined Māori rates stable and their operating costs stable, with sales costs, administrative costs, financial costs as a percentage of revenue of 2.3 per cent, 9.5 per cent and 2.0 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
The cost and cost of waterproofing, stereo sounding, noise-reducing upgrades, and research and development of new smart hardware products for the future can be expected to translate into income and profit.
In the first half of 2017, corporate sales in overseas markets increased by RMB 8.12 billion, or 73.8 per cent, and Māori by 22.0 per cent, or 0.5 percentage points. The growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year was largely due to a significant increase in earnings in overseas markets, not only in acoustics.
The large client side has been able to obtain a clear recovery of orders, and the growth of their client orders in the odm and jdm operations has also been an important factor driving the growth of the company’s business. (ii) A significant increase in the collection of audio devices, smart hardware and vr/ar outlook
The output breakdown shows that the increase in revenue from voice devices was $5.67 billion, or 65.3 per cent, or 56.9 per cent of total income, and was still due mainly to the fact that the growth in revenue from companies was due to the low base of the previous year, while the increase in the volume of goods delivered from end-users was the result of the increase in the volume of electronic parts operations.The Māori rate for the product breakdown was 25.1 per cent, an increase of 0.9 percentage points in the same year, while the income recovery was accompanied by a recovery.
There has also been a steady increase in the Māori rate. The Māori rate for electronic accessories was 18.6 per cent, a decline of 3.3 percentage points from the previous year, and the product structure and the proportion of self-sufficiency in the assembly business affected the level of corporate profitability. (iii) Performance guidance: the increase in revenue in the previous three quarters was maintained and net profit growth slowed down.
In keeping with the strategic orientation of “Parts + whole”, on the one hand, market leadership in the field of electrophones has been consolidated, with the introduction of new electronics products that are resistant to water, stereo sound effects, and high volume of noise, and, on the other hand, in the field of new smart hardware products, in the business areas of “hearable, viewable, wearable, Robotics” and so on, taking advantage of good market times and actively expanding them.
(c) Market competition has an impact on product prices and profitability;
Corporate R & D inputs have had an undesirable impact on corporate outreach.