Good performance compared to industry, with a significant increase in revenue from derivatives operations
The overall performance remains robust. Capital strength continues to grow. Investors enter the top 10 shareholders in the company and are expected to synergize with the company’s online and offline brokering operations, contributing to the transformation of corporate wealth management.
The Unit is under pressure from the traditional business panel, which continues to have a core competitive advantage, as compared to the 300-degree trend, and the traditional business panel, which continued to be under pressure during the previous three quarters, as a result of the continued volatility of market dynamics, but which competes at the core of the business.
Power is robust: 1) net revenue from brokering is 2.64 billion yuan to 18.5%, and the share of brokering companies in the market is still going, and M & As restructuring has been maintained through five of them, with a total pass rate of 92%, keeping the industry in the lead. In the second place in the second place, the Under-Secretary-General of Hua-tae has a strong business competition. 3) Management revenue is 1.840 billion yuan to + 7.3% in the first half of the year.
There is a clear advantage in proactive management, with $670 million in pooled fund-raising revenue, which is shown to be the first to be marketed. The increase in out-of-the-field options, and the significant increase in derivative fluctuations that underpin fund-type business performance \triangleright
In terms of fund-type operations, interest income in the previous three quarters ranged from RMB 2 billion to 18 per cent, investment returns from RMB 2.1 billion to RMB 43 per cent, and the burden of doing business was evident. But in August, obtaining a level-I trading qualification for off-site options represented a significant increase in corporate business income. The increase in off-site options increased the size of derivative financial assets to RMB 1.96 billion and +399 per cent, and the increase in the size of the off-site options increased to +399 per cent.
The current fair value change gain of $1.98 billion plus 1360 per cent significantly boosts corporate performance, promotes targeted implementation, integration into blending pilots, gdr start-up, corporate consolidation will continue to grow, international competition is expected to increase and wealth management transition will be driven.
Xiaoping, mid-level economist, Master of Economics, Xian Transport University, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Large State Enterprise Strategy and Development, responsible for macroeconomics and macroeconomics.
In 2017, the author entered the securities policy study. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from a compliance channel.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,