□ Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the stockholders in 2018, with business income of 12.519 billion in the first half of the year, and derivative financial instruments rising at a rate of growth. The company achieved a decline in revenue on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of the year.
In addition, the investment return contribution of Jiangsu Bank and the United States Foundation has led to a significant increase in corporate investment returns to associated and joint ventures of $807 million compared to the same period last year. For the single quarter, the return on investment of 2018q3 + fair value changes.
The cumulative increase of 8.09 per cent over the same period affected by the decline in hedge brokering and investment operations, which were hampered by the continuing low stock market transactions, resulting in a 35.66 per cent decline in net revenue from brokering charges in the third quarter, which led to a corresponding decrease in the first three quarters of 2018.
On the investment side, the net income from corporate securities underwriting fell by 1.76% over the previous three quarters, significantly better than that from peers. On the one-quarter basis, the income from investing in a single quarter fell over the same period, and on the other hand, the ipo was gradually warming up, and it was expected that the revenue from brokering operations would improve.
The company’s net revenue from operating charges increased by 7.33% over the previous three quarters, of which the net income from managing operations increased by 14.94% over the same period. The average monthly size of corporate asset management and the average monthly size of proactively managing assets
With $169 million in q3 alone, companies are more cautious about taking stock pledge risk. Given the high level of performance guarantees in the industry, and the multiplicity of regulatory initiatives to address stock pledge risk, credit operations risk will improve.
□ Investment proposals: In the context of the low stock market, the performance of Chinese securities remains relatively stable. ... It highlights the vanguard advantage. The steady increase and subsequent gdr release will significantly increase the company’s capital and future development. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.