The growth of new energy vehicle operations has continued to increase, with industrial and industrial locomotives taking off to the sea accelerating, and the growth of general automation (300124.sz) has been reversed. Access to the sea has continued to accelerate.
By the end of 2023, the company's overseas team stood at more than 400 people, and so far the company's overseas team had grown.
With 15 subsidiaries and offices established globally and more than 100 overseas distributors located in South-East Asia, East Asia, Europe, India, the Middle East and North Africa, and the Americas, in 2023, the company ' s total overseas business income was about 1.7 billion yuan, an increase of more than 90 per cent over the same period, accounting for about 5.7 per cent of the company ' s total operating income.
The new energy vehicle business continued to grow. Promising profits are expected to be released gradually. In 2023, the company ' s new energy vehicle business achieved sales revenue of about $9.4 billion, an increase of over 80 per cent in the same year, the company ' s new energy business of 2024q1 achieved sales revenue of about $2.3 billion in the same year, an increase of about 150 per cent in the same year.
With regard to fixed points, in 2023, about 30 new internal and external client mainstream platform projects were added by car, covering the full range of vehicles and achieving the annual target 01, and we believe that new energy vehicle operations are expected to continue to increase in revenue and gradually contribute to profits as the firm’s targeted customers continue to land.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for 2024-2026 to be \triangleright risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; technology variability risks; raw material price waves
\triangleright Super-expected risk: environmental and safe production risks, etc.
The research focuses on a breakdown of the industry and a share of excavations.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector. He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and in 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the electrical equipment and storage energy sector.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for industrial control components that have not been and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.