The new energy vehicle operation is growing rapidly and is expected to break through overseas.
Billion dollars, yoy + 55.5%, non-recurrent gains and losses include mainly fair value change gains from offshore fund projects. New energy vehicle operations are growing at a high rate, and automated operations remain at the forefront: corporate revenues in 2023 increased by +32.2%, sub-operations: 1) new energy vehicles generated $9.4 billion, equal to growth
Over 80%, mainly due to the customer’s spot-based Sop. The company’s new energy vehicle operations cover a variety of products, such as power-driven systems, power supply systems, and cover a wide range of models, including bev, rev, and phev. During the reporting period, the company added about 30 new internal and external customer-mainstreaming platform projects, with a rapid increase in revenue.
2) General automated operations generated revenue of 15 billion yuan, with a reverse growth of about 24 per cent in the background of domestic industrial automation needs, mainly due to the company's strengthening of the “industry + war zone” management model, its grip on photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment opportunities, and its success in maintaining the country's leading position, with universal servers, medium and high voltage transformers,
Small-scale plc companies are ranked first, low-pressure transformer frequencies, industrial robots are ranked second, and 3) Smart elevator operations generated revenue of $5.3 billion, an increase of about 3 per cent over the same period, and companies have domestic real estate.
Corporate investors account for 30% of the share of the flowa share, and new energy cars + internationalization are the future growth points for companies.
New platforms have been created for auto parts and components of energy, as in the case of the fourth generation of power combined with the highest rotation speed of 21,000 rpm with the cooler hair-pin, 800v high voltage platforms and sic power modules, leading the technology. The fourth generation of the company’s product platform is now fully operational sop and starting to move gradually.
In addition, the company fully launched its internationalization strategy in 2022, bringing overseas revenues of $1.7 billion in 2023, an increase of more than 90 per cent over the same period.
The new energy automobile business and the expansion of internationalization offer “buy-in” investment advice. Markets are not warming as expected, and overseas market expansion is blocked.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.