Industry and control are growing in reverse, and new energy vehicles are running out of money, technology 30124 2023 and a quarterly review 2024, and companies are focusing on structural opportunities, adapting their business strategies in due course, combining multiple products and customizing solutions.
Cost management, R & D rates and financial cost rates have changed from year to year to +0.92 pct, -100 million yuan, an increase of 35.78 per cent in year to year, revenue from new energy vehicles and engineering support companies, weak demand from downstream industries, and robust growth in corporate general automation operations in 2023.
The mobile operation generated revenues of $15.38 billion, an increase of 24.17 per cent over the previous year. Of these, the general frequency transformer, the universal server system, plc&hmi, industrial robots (with precision machinery) generated revenues of about $5.200 billion, $6.00 billion, $1.60 billion, and $800 million, respectively.
The demand is weak, and companies are pursuing higher-intensity and conventional-sector structural opportunities, such as photovoltaics, semiconductors, to achieve faster growth. In addition, companies are actively and continuously deploying new products, continuing to “strengthen solutions” strategies, and taking advantage of the corporate advantage in a coordinated manner “industry + war zone.”
In 202401, the general automation operation achieved revenues of approximately $3.200 billion, an increase of about 10.00 per cent over the same period; of this, the general frequency transformer, the universal server system, plc&hmi, the industrial robots generated revenues of about 900 billion yuan, 1.3 billion yuan, 300 million yuan and 240 million yuan respectively.
In 2023, the company achieved a growth rate of about $9.4 billion, an increase of $80.00 per cent. In 2023, the company continued to promote excellence, management and efficient operations, through strict cost controls, lower fees, higher human effectiveness and managerial excellence.
Slightly, the profitability of the new energy automobile business has been further enhanced, leading to a reversal of losses. The company’s new energy by car business has grown rapidly as a result of passenger, spot-based Sop and company delivery guarantees.
In terms of products and technology, companies have introduced new and multi-purpose products and solutions, with a continuous increase in competitive advantages, such as aggregates, electric machines, and electrical controls. The company’s new energy commercial vehicle business continues to grow deep in markets such as light cards, microscopics, heavy cards, etc., in 2023.
The number of new energy logistics motors installed was 99.3 million, or 35.8 per cent. In the domestic area of new energy heavy cards, companies broke through multiple head-to-head customers, achieved bulk delivery and obtained a better market share in the mainstream model.
The internationalization strategy has continued and products have accelerated. By the end of 2023, the company's overseas team had over 400 people, with 15 subsidiaries and offices worldwide, including the European Research and Development Centre of Germany, the European Production Base of Hungary, and overseas distributors in South-East Asia.
East Asia, Europe, India, the Middle East and North Africa, and the Americas. In 2023, the company earned 1.740 billion yuan abroad, an increase of 96.52 per cent, or 5.72 per cent, of the total.
Investment proposal: In 2023, the company seized on structural opportunities, with a strong edge and a continuing market share, and if demand falls short of expectations, the company’s performance will be under pressure: (3) if raw materials prices rise significantly, the company will be able to make a difference.
Note: “market index” for this rating system,a shares refer to 300 indexes of depth; the new three-board references to three index points. Investors are only suited to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and “stable” investors are only fit to use a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.