Segawa Technology (300124) Mechanical Equipment Industrial and Regulatory Growth, and Motor Vehicle Operations into Harvesting Period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company achieved business income of $30.42 billion in 2023, an increase of 32.2 per cent in the same year; the company achieved a net return of $6.49 billion in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 35.8 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $810 million, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $79,000, a rise of 26.7 per cent in the same year, was deducted from the non-repatriation of the mother.
Short-term pressure on profitability and better cost control. At the profit end: Māori/net interest rate share of company sales in 2023 Cost increases for post-sale maintenance and promotion; salary increases for employees; growth in volume of operations and expansion of overseas industries; and increased travel and hospitality costs for operations.
● General automation: The company ' s share has increased significantly in 23 years, thanks to the advantages of national flagship brands and integrated solutions and deep downstream structural opportunities. In 2023, the general automation operation achieved sales revenue of $15.4 billion, a 24.2 per cent increase, of which the general frequency changer/server system/plc&hmi/industrial robotics (with precision machinery)
Do not realize sales revenues of about $5,216.8 billion. Based on the growth opportunities of high-profile industries, such as photovoltaics, and the structural opportunities of spreading industry breakdowns of equipment, companies’ orders in more than a dozen subsectors are growing faster.
In 2023, the company’s new energy automobile business now generated about $9.4 billion, an increase of 80%.
The company’s client structure has been further optimized, and new forces and overseas firms’ orders have grown rapidly. Commercial vehicles: the company continues to grow deep in cities like light cards, micro-faces, heavy cards, etc., with 99,000 new energy logistics motors, or 35.8%; new energy heavy cards have broken through.
• Digital operations: fully exploit the advantages of corporate automation and digital platforms and provide high-value resolution solutions. Digital equipment: cut from equipment connections to digitized services throughout their life cycle and upgrade equipment to digitized water
Digital energy. Through the industrial energy management system (nofems), breakthroughs in a number of industries and customers, such as automobiles, lithium electricity and, under the “doubt carbon” trend, solid Group development from energy management to energy operations.
The company's industrial mastery has expanded, the national production replacement process has accelerated, the operation has increased, “holding” voltage has been maintained, tram operations have continued to grow (2023-10-28) and general automation has performed brightly (2023-08-24)
Increased competition in the market, resulting in the risk of lower levels of profitability: the risk that exchange rate fluctuations affect the company’s performance abroad.
Step-by-step upgrades. In the General Automation plate of the company, 2024-2026, an increase in the delivery of control-level orders is expected, respectively, on the assumption that the company is the leader of the domestic third-party electric power system, with a continuous increase in downstream client targeting, and it is expected that scenario 3: beneficial scale effects, with a steady upward trend in the Māori rate of operations.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.