Qin Railways (601006), announces that the price increases are expected to materialize and focus on the company's performance.
\triangleright line coal prices recovered to the base rate of 9.80/km; Tai Qin, Kyohara, Fongsha main line coal prices (coal at point and point) recovered to the base rate of 10.01/tonne
In February 2016, in response to the diversion of railways and the side-reform of coal, the company increased the price of coal by one cent per ton. In November 2016, the Taiwon Railway Authority managed the cost of coal.
The price of coal (01) from the inside stations to the entire Bureau (excluding the Bureau) has risen by 10%, so the company's price increases are largely in line with expectations. The price increases for the Qin railway are in absolute terms at 0.01 dollars per ton, up by about 11%, and will increase directly between April and September 2017.
As of March 24, 2017, the price of powered coal in Qin has risen by about 6.45% over the previous month. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, in January-February of this year, the country's total electricity consumption was 9,356 million kWh, an increase of 6.3%.
At that time, 17.7 per cent of the year-on-year increase was due to the low level of coal banks in the six major power-generating groups, which are now low, and the demand to replenish them will drive rail transport. On the other hand, the country’s cumulative production of crude steel in February was 5.8 per cent higher than the previous year, with domestic samples of iron and steel.
In January and January, high stocks of coal were consistently low, with a total stock of 5.5545 million tons of coal in domestic samples of steel plants as at 24 March, a decrease of 8.7 per cent from the same period in February. With further consumption of coal, the demand for rail transport will become more effective, with 921 being exceeded, and freight-back railways.
The rise in transport costs for road transport enterprises has led to an increase in freight prices, influenced by price increases, and the volume of road freight has continued to decline since December last year. The reversal of anti-rail freight flows is evident. According to the latest data from the National Statistical Office, in February, the national volume of rail freight grew by 19.4 per cent on a par with that of January, significantly exceeding 10.4 per cent since 1999.
This month, the Qin line completed 3519 and 30.13 million tons of freight, respectively, an increase of 12.9% and 29.8%, compared to the previous month’s cumulative increase of 20.1%, and the shipping business performed well. Looking back at the economic recovery, structural reforms on the supply side of upstream coal companies and downstream steel plants will continue, and we believe that future coal transport demand is expected to continue to grow.
The road overload will also further facilitate the return of freight to the railways, and the company's expectations regarding the reform of the mixed ownership of the railways are strong, with an “enhancement” of the company's assessment report for the Qin Railway (6010006).