East Asia Tian Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average.
The level of all-car coal freight on the national flat rail line has been restored to the base price rate of 9.80 minutes per ton: the base coal price level on the Grand Railway line (coal on the direction and at the station) has been restored to the base price rate of 10.01 minutes per ton.
The recovery in rail prices has directly increased: since February of last year, the average company coal prices have been reduced by 1 ton/km, and most railway stations have begun to recover their prices with the turn-on of railway freight starting in October of last year. Since the beginning of this year, they have been affected by the early spring season, while the fall of the year has been severe/low-rained.
As a result of the multiple factors that contributed to the increase in the demand for electricity and electricity, the cumulative increase in coal traffic on the Qin line in January-February was 20.1% over the same period, so the recovery is also justified.
The volume of traffic reached about 400 million tons (about 500 million tons for the entire company) and the volume of freight traffic reached about 300 billion metric tons.
2. “The shipment warms back in October and is at the base point - Qin 3. Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Qin, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Qin, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q, Q,
Three quarterly reviews, 2016.10.27 2017, expected to reach 400 million tons, due mainly to (1) the fact that the road is going to continue beyond repair and that the entire road is going to continue, 4.
Losing rules are increasingly regulated, and the cost advantages of rail transport are more pronounced as road freight costs increase. (2) Coal production optimizes regional production patterns across the country, and the proportion of “trixies” in high-quality coal demand will increase significantly: (3) Kyoto is looking at the draft comments for its 2017 programme of work on air pollution control.
“The port of Tianjin is prohibited from accepting coal for road transport. By the end of July, the port of Tianjin will no longer trans-ship coal, which will be transferred by Tang Tang Railway via Tangshan Harbour. By the end of September, all coal from the central port of Tianjin and Hebei will be transported by rail.
Basics are fully restored, prices are up, dividends are up or will be re-emerging: company prices were up in 2017, and they're already on the ground. After the summer season of February, six major coastal power-generating groups, coal, as of March 24, see that the main arteries of the Qin line have a good scale effect and that the status of the “3 West” coal main corridor will remain intact.
So, there's a full recovery in the face, with a year-on-year increase in value to a certain event, with greater profit elasticity, or a return to the weak demand for coal; railway reform is not as fast as expected.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.