On March 24th, 2017, the Qin Railway launched a national flat-rate line for railways.
The price of coal has been restored to 9.80 centimetres per kilometer of the base; the price of coal on the main line has been restored to 10.01 cents per kilometer of the base.
Since 2016, the Qin Railway has been priced several times.
The price of the carbon shipment rose by one cent to 0.09 at a base price of 2. The demand surged in October, the price of the freight line recovered to the base price of 0.10 dollars, and the price of the cargo was again raised by 1 cent in November. On the one hand, the demand for coal recovered as a result of the increase in domestic fire power generation, and on the other hand, because of the diversion of the yellow line.
The volume of traffic began to warm, while the adjoining Hote Railways and the Beijing Railways had already moved their prices up to the upper limit set by the Commission. The Taihara Railways' overall price increase was about 11%, and the Da Qin line 11% was much smaller than the road.
The price increase of 30% relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) is expected to have a less negative impact on the volume of traffic, which is still 20% to 30% cheaper than the price of road transport. Several price increases give ample indication of the marketization of railway freight in Qin and its value in the future.
Also according to the iron general announcement, as of April 21, fares will be increased by 10-20% for high iron speeds 200-250 km per hour on the south-east coast. Second class fares will remain significantly lower than for road passengers after high iron prices on the coast are raised. Thus, price increases will affect the volume of shipments.
It shows that the pace of marketization of shipping prices is accelerating, which will help to increase the rate of return on railway investment, thereby attracting more private capital, diversification of capital into the railway sector, and promoting railway sector reform.
Tens of tons, 30.13 million tons, an increase of 12.9 per cent over the same period, 29.8 per cent; the average cargo volume per day amounted to 1.08 million tons per month, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period. Many of the illegal coal mine closures were halted in the first half of 2016, and the decline in primary coal production directly contributed to the continuing decline in coal transport.
With the rapid increase in the demand for coal and the strict enforcement of the “921” road over-regulating regulations in the regions, the volume of cargo on the Great Qin line is gradually being repaired, with a 29% and 17% increase in November and December, respectively. With the economic recovery in 2017, coal demand has increased, as well as the cost of road transport under the New Deal road management.
A sharp increase in the volume of goods is expected to lead to a steady increase in the volume of rail cargo. A conservative estimate of 380 million tons of cargo is expected on the main line of the Great Qin line in 2017.
The company’s freight turnover in 2017 was 350 billion tons, of which coal transport was about 85%, and total coal freight turnover was about 297.5 billion kilometres. This coal price adjustment is expected to lead to an increase in operating income of 3.5 billion yuan, with net profits expected to rise by 2.8 billion yuan.
To benefit from the warming of coal demand and the return of goods under road over-policies, the volume of company traffic will increase significantly: another is the continuing macroeconomic downturn; and the volume of coal is falling. He worked for more than a year in the joint stock management sector, where he was the company’s first investor in an equity-based product.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.