Sujiyama Witness Information 688041.sh) q3 over-expected revenue and cpu and dcu products continued to break through
In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved revenues of RMB 4,026 million, an increase of 69.60 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of RMB 760 million in the third quarter, an increase of RMB 727 million in the war and an increase of RMB 10,56 per cent in the same period.
q3 The growth of revenue has accelerated, and the maintenance of high contractual liabilities will support the company ' s future high revenues. \triangleright market data: 16 October 2025
The company has continued to deepen its cooperation with business and eco-partners in key sectors and priority areas to speed up customer import and facilitate market expansion of high-end processor products, thereby contributing to the company's highest/minimum level of coverage in the year since this year:
The Division continued to increase its R & D and sales inputs, increasing the cost of R & D and sales in the first three quarters of the year by the same amount as in the previous quarter of the year The market value of the liquiditya share (billions): billions of dollars, indicating that there are still significant amounts of pre-receipt payments for new contracts, which are expected to be phased over the next few quarters
By the end of the month, $6.013 billion had increased, and companies were actively preparing to show their confidence in future operations. In the context of the accelerated replacement of cpu and ai chips, companies were expected to continue to break through with the power of leading products. 1) In the area of cpu, as the mid-term node of the message approached, industries were accelerating against each other.
Procurement of cpu, while company cpu products, thanks to a leading combination of energy and ecological advantages of x86, have been linked to a large list of downstream customers, including a $3 billion sea light chip server order from a business bank, the China General Server Collection Project 2025 (of which a sealight server budget of $2.782 billion);2
In the field of the ai chip, as a result of the continuing influence of the Sino-American technology game, the i chip national production procurement is becoming a major trend, while the company's latest generation, the dcu chip, is well on track and its performance is expected to increase.
With the advantage of a highly compatible cuda ecology, the first echelon of a national chip is expected to rise fast.
Benefiting from the nationalization of cpu and ai chips, adjusting the original profit projections, predicting higher risk of client concentration, supply chain risk, risk of rising prices of major raw materials, new \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or beliefs in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.