On the night of December 9th, the Board of Directors of the Sealight Information Board adopted the "End of Stock Exchange Absorptions " .
The logic of long-term national productivity is not affected by short-term or stock price disruptions: Sealight Information has long enjoyed good industrial synergy and cooperation with China, and this is a major asset.
The end of the reorganization is without prejudice to subsequent and sustained cooperation between the two sides. The follow-up sealight information will continue to focus on high-end chip products, taking full advantage of their unique functional, performance, ecological and safety advantages.
The end of this transaction will not have a significant negative impact on the company’s production operations and financial position in the short term.
Inner prices may have an impact on the company’s share price, but given the slow pace of the previous restructuring and the persistence of a 20% discount on China’s history, share prices already reflect some of the market expectations. Given the long-term perspective of the sea, the fundamentals of the close collaboration between China’s light and China’s light will not change, and sea light-related computing products will be on the market.
In addition, after the end of the transaction, the future impact of the low-moric service on the sea light information valuation end will be eliminated, so we still appreciate the sea light information share price performance for the long term.
After short-term adjustments, the net profit after the product mix was $1.82 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the same period, q3 quarter, with a revenue of $4.03 billion.
This represents an increase of 69.6 per cent and a net return of $760 million, a 13.0 per cent increase over the same period.
We believe that the decline in the company's Māori rate and the increase in the cost of selling or the replication of the new product dcu, ... with the continued rapid growth in the future of the dcu product, the company's follow-up performance is expected to hold the Cpu+dcu product, and trade conflicts, among other things, are conducive to national productivity: Sealight.
The main products are cpu+dcu, the Compatibility of Sealight cpu Series Products X86 Directive Series, and international mainstream operating systems and applications, software and hardware are ecologically rich and have excellent performance and are widely used in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, and transport.
On the basis of the structure, the “cuda” bad conditions used in the valley, and against the background of aigc's continuing rapid development, the sea light dcu is able to support full-precision model training and achieves the full application of the large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom,chatgl, agnostic, and YTung Tung.
In addition, the demand for home-grown chips is expected to accelerate as a result of the trade-related problems in China and the United States. We believe that the company’s cpu product sales are expected to warm fast as the IT industry warms, national production substitutes and government returns accelerate; the company as a nation.
While there is still room for upscaling in the current commercial experience, the sales end will continue to benefit from the demand for home-grown numeracy for high downstream growth. Multiplier, “buy-in” advice is given, considering that the termination of the acquisition has no direct impact on the company’s business.
I'm sorry, Chinaresearcheddept. capitalcare#2 *** *** *** 10 December 2025