The three-quarterly performance rating of 2025: 25q3 with a high rate of growth, research assistant Li Yaven 25o3 with an increase in research and development investment to highlight long-term growth potential.
On the balance sheet, monetary funds maintained a downward trend and accounts receivable, advances and deposits kept growing. The company’s financial statements reflected a faster pace of business expansion and a better industry.
The national production model has its own headlines, and the iA application needs have become a new engine for "national productivity." The fast-hand 2.5turbo model appeared at the top of the global video-generation model list on October 2nd.
The world’s first open-source industrial-level primary model of multi-model production, fast-tracked on the Huggingface hot list, and maintained a leading role in demonstrating competition between home-grown models and the application of multi-model production and open ecology. At the same time, hardware manufacturers in countries such as Sealight have been able to adapt to large-scale model ecology.
We believe that ai uses the pull of its own growth to form a path of primary growth of national productivity. As multi-module generation and real-time reasoning are enriched, the national production power plate is expected to enter a new cycle of endogenous growth.
National product x 86 & category cuda scarce card bits - a sharegpu’s most complete product matrix. For product layout, sealight information is available to a very small number of domestic manufacturers capable of measuring production and delivering x86 server cpu on a scale; its dcú product uses a gpgpu structure compatible with category “cuda”
In September 2025, the sea light was directed towards the estates of the industries of gpu, Io, om, etc.
Line agreements (hsl), which combine upstream and downstream partners in the industrial chain to work together to build efficient interoperable computing skills: o2 high performance, with an emphasis on national production capacity opportunities, fully unleashing the potential of national production.
Switch is interconnected and initially forms full coverage of the computing infrastructure; with the growth of demand for large-scale model training/promotion, the company’s products are expected to be linked to multiple points, with a significant card-point advantage. Sealight Information (688041): 2024 report point assessment:
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company owns two leading domestic products, cpu and dcu. Cpu has significantly increased its R & D inputs, focusing on large plants, capex, and corporate income from cpu products will increase steadily as industry confidence progresses steadily.
On the other hand, there is an acceleration in the trend of arithmetic demand to release the national product, and a national chip manufacturer has an historic opportunity. The company’s dcu products are in the first echelon of ecology, and the new products are constantly changing.
The three major financial forecasting tables for Hai Xing Information, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, are eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.