The 25q3 crop was higher in the same year, the parent net profit was more affected by the gains and losses of the minority shareholder 2503 in the same year, and the parent net profit was more affected by the gains and losses of the minority shareholder. The company issued a 2503 bill, which was +28.56 per cent for the same year, and the non-mother net profit, which was +23.18 per cent for the same period.
At the end of the profit margin, the 2503 minority shareholders lost or lost 439 million.
One pct, ring +0.7 pct, mainly due to: 1) a continuous increase in the income share of company dcu products and a lower Māori ratio of company products than cpu products, resulting in a decline in the overall Māori ratio of companies as a whole, but a higher rate of industry growth of dcu products, wide market space and continuous optimization of the corporate product matrix; 2) 2503
The cost control of the beneficiary companies has increased the Māori ring ratio. The cost rate for the 2503 company period was 30.0%, compared to -1.2 pct, ring + 0.1 pcc, with the respective increases in the cost of sales, management, R&D, and finance due mainly to the company’s ability to further consolidate its competitive advantage in the ai chip area.
The number of R & D personnel continues to grow, saving for the next generation of the ai chip development, network architecture, etc. 25q3 achieved a net interest rate of 29.78%, compared to 7.3 pcs, Rings - 0.5 pcs. Advances, stock increases, contract liabilities are high and stable. On the supply side, up to 2503 yuan.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) - steady growth in performance, continuous upgrading of architecture, advance payments, inventory of 26.18 million yuan, + 555 million yuan, and 489 million yuan, respectively, season, Sealight Information (688041.sh)-25q1 performance with dcu operations year-round
The ring ratio continues to grow, and the supply side continues to improve. On the demand side, up to 25q3 company contracts, Sealight Information (688041.sh) - higher revenues, higher profits, more technology, more technology, more than billions of dollars, remain historically high, more demand for products, and more confidence in performance throughout the year.
Sealight Information (688041.sh) - Accelerated Growth of Income, Business Good - Investment Proposal: The steady progress of server ecology, which in turn boosts the growth of product sales, while company dcu products continue to overlap, product unit prices, Māori rates are expected to rise, profit forecasts are maintained,
Twenty-five hundred and fifty-three registered higher returns, with a small minority of shareholders perturbing on their net profit. The company issued a 2503 financial report, which generated operating income of $9,490 million in the first three quarters of 2025, i.e. +54.65 per cent; the net return profit was $1,961 million, i.e. +28.56 per cent; the rapid development of artificial intelligence and the autonomous control of the credit server cpu, with the domestic high-end chip market continuing to grow in demand.
Long, the company has increased its share of the profit by stepping up its client-to-client intake by deepening its collaboration with the company ' s plant and eco-partners in key industries and areas. At the profit end, the profit-making margin for the 2503 minority shareholders was 439 million yuan, compared to 110 per cent and the ring ratio + 89 per cent, which has led to a significant increase in the net profit of the company ' s parent, thereby slowing down the rate of net profit growth.
Figure 2: Sealight Information Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Sealight Information Net Profit and Increase (Billions, %) Figure 4: Sealight Information Single Season Net Profit and Increase (Billions, %)
Figure 5: Gains and losses on the sealight information minority shareholders (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Distribution of sealight information with subsidiaries
Ring ratio +0.7 pts, mainly due to: 1) sustained increase in corporate income from dcu products, lower Māori rate from dcu products than cpu products, which led to a decline in the overall Māori rate from the same year to year, but higher rate of industry growth from dú products, wide market space and continuous optimization of corporate product matrices; 2) cost control of beneficiary companies, Māori Río Piti
+1.19, +0.30 pct. The increase in R & D costs is due mainly to the fact that the number of R & D personnel continues to grow in order to further consolidate their competitive advantage in the ai chip field, and to provide for the development of the next generation of ai chip, the design of network structures, etc. The 2503 companies achieved a net interest rate of 29.78%, compared to 7.3 pcs, the ring ratio - 0.5 pct.
Figure 8: Sealight Information Period Cost Rates (%) Figure 7: Sealight Information Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Advances, Inventory Growth and High Contract Liabilities Maintenance. Supply-side, Advances to 2503 Companies,
Investment proposals: based on the steady progress of server ecology, which in turn boosts product sales, while company dcu products continue to overlap, product unit prices, Māori rates are expected to increase, profit forecasts are maintained and income projections are expected for 2025-2027 The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author