The profits are slightly lower than expected.
The company published its three-quarterly report for 2025, which generated $9.49 billion in revenues in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the previous quarter, q3 quarter, an increase of $4.03 billion over the same quarter, an increase of 69.6 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of $760 million, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the previous quarter.
The three-quarter growth rate is higher than expected, the Māori rate is falling short-term: the three-quarter growth rate continues to accelerate, the company’s dcu product is faster to be imported into its client base, and the related new product is sold well.
And it is expected to be mainly due to a decline in the company’s Māori rate, with a 60.03% Māori rate of q3, a significant increase of 1.09 percentage points over the previous year by 8.9 percentage points, and a significant increase in the cost of sales, which, in our view, is associated with a decline in the company’s Māori rate and an increase in the cost of sales or with the delivery of new products from dcu, no.
As a result of the continued rapid growth in the performance of the products of the dcu, the company's subsequent performance is expected to sustain a high level of growth The cost of R & D has risen significantly and the advance of inventories has increased continuously: the company's q3 sales, management, R & D. The significant increase in the cost of sales has been due mainly to the company's accelerated market opening for new products, while the company's R & D has increased significantly
Cost-synchronous maintenance of high growth rates and high cost rates helps to maintain core competitiveness of products Product mix, in addition to increased efficiency in corporate management. Three-quarter advances and inventories show companies going downstream
At the end of the third quarter, the company advanced 2,618 million yuan, an increase of $556 million over the second quarter, mainly for raw materials procurement and strategic supplies;
The main products are cpu+dcu, the Compatibility of the Sealight cpu Series X86 Directive Series, and the international mainstream operating systems and applications, software and hardware, eco-rich, high performance, safety and reliability, which have been widely applied in important industries or areas such as telecommunications, finance, the Internet, education, transport, etc.
The column products are based on the gpgpu architecture and are compatible with the generic "cuda" environment. In the context of the aigc era of rapid and continuous development, the sea light dcu is able to support full-precision model training and achieve the full array of large models represented by llama, gpt, bloom,chatgm, Consciousness, Ye Tung, etc.
In addition, the demand for home-grown chips is expected to accelerate as a result of China-United States trade problems. We believe that the company’s cpu product sales are expected to pick up rapidly as the IT boom, national production substitution, and government returns accelerate.
In addition, the company, as the country's scarce dcu designer, will continue to benefit from the domestic productivity requirements of high downstream growth, despite the current commercial experience, as a result of the continued rise in the national production market climate, trade issues and British Weddagpu supply disturbance.
***/ ***/ 20/10/2025