The transition has brought short-term pressure to expect a double increase in the value of the scale, a short-term pressure from the transition and a double increase in the value of the scale.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) event: Xinhua Insurance published its annual report for 2019, which achieved an operating income of $174.57 billion, or +13.2 per cent, and a net profit on maternity of $14.56 billion, or +83.8 per cent, or $4.67 per share, or +83.9 per cent, a weighted average net asset return of 19.41 per cent and +7.16 percentage points.
The strategic adjustment led to a decline in the value of new operations and short-term pressure on agent capacity. The restructuring of the company’s product structure (i.e., an increase in annual risk sales at high interest rates in the third and fourth quarters) resulted in an increase in the company’s product structure.
\triangleright \triangleright has increased the number of agents, ranging from 37% to 507,000, and from 3.5% to 133,000 a month, but the average monthly average per capita has clearly set a target of two fly-off goals, increasing in size and value.
\triangleright has a trillion-dollar platform with a simultaneous increase in value of scale, synergies between industry and the implementation of the 1+2+1 strategy (with life-risk operations as the backbone, wealth management and welfare services as the two-wing, driven by technological empowerment) to reshape the development landscape.
The tightening of alternative channels, and the positioning of the silver channel as an important channel, will take advantage of the interlocking advantage of increasing the sale of annuity-type products and driving the increase in the premium on scale. 2) In terms of agent-building,1 the team-development model, which will be a spiral growth model, will continue to expand the volume of liftings. The number of agents is expected to increase further in 2020 from 500,000.2 In the future, the three-high workforce will be maintained, while the structure of the Department of Training will be improved (improving the management structure of team managers and increasing the management rotational training of business managers).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., expands training for marketing cadres.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing City City City, where the risk shift to annuity and health risk is coupled with an increase in per capita size, per capita productive capacity, income and retention. 3) The company will also achieve a two-wheel drive of asset liabilities, debt sustainability, risk and wealth management functions, asset end-of-end expansion, ensuring a balanced scale and value development; and asset end-of-service investment excellence.
We look forward to a faster recovery of the new policy in 2020, but Nbvmargin will still be under pressure, while agent-related costs will also increase significantly, as agent-related costs are expected to increase.
Local debt, equity investment, on the other hand, adheres to the concept of value investment, sound investment, and the choice of low-value, high-scoring, low-volatile varieties. In 2019, companies increased their investment rating: companies made a clear two-time movement, the size of the company grew in tandem with the value material, and the city’s share was expected to rise.
The company’s current valuation is attractive, and we look forward to a rapid growth of the new bill when the agent comes in. Risk factors: affected by the epidemic, agent exhibition recovery is not as fast as expected; agent productivity declines leading to loss of personnel; and capital market volatility leads to investment revenue.
A sharp decline in profit; a narrow fixed interest rate tool spread over interest rates; and an impact on accounting profits; and an increase in reserve balances as a result of a 750-megaline shift.
Figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and rate of increase (%)
Figure 7: Percentage of businesses operating through various channels: Wang Qing Dynasty, Master ' s degree in International Finance, Enterprise, University of Duren, United Kingdom; former Deputy General Manager, Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager, Yonghai Leasing Operations, formerly in China Xin Xinjiang Portfolio, Huatuan Portfolio. November 2019 Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Jing, a graduate in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 to conduct research in the non-banking financial sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.