Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk) Leung Kai 2019 Performance Review: Human Growth + Relaunching Business has led to significant new growth
Xinhua Insurance issued its annual report, which increased revenue by 13.2% to 17.4 billion in 2019, and net gains by 84% to 14.6 billion, prior to which it was disclosed. From premium data, the company re-opened the silver bond channel at 4q2019, bringing about rapid growth of the new bill. In terms of investment, it benefited from a better equity market, with an equal return on investment.
In view of the increase in the premium end of Xinhua Insurance after the outbreak improved, continued “buy-in” performance was consistent with earlier fast-track disclosure: Xinhua Insurance increased by 13.2 per cent to 17.4 billion in 2019, a net of billions (lower base period last year, net gain of $4.3 billion has been reduced in the current quarter as a result of actuarial assumptions), performance and efficiency
In addition, the company published a copy of the bonus plan, which is $1.41 per share, re-opening the bond, adding more manpower, and adding 20 per cent to the new year: at the end of the insurance policy, the company ' s new bill rose by 22.3 to 32.3 billion in 2019, mainly 4q2019.
As a result of the pipeline, $6.1 billion (compared with $24 million in the previous three quarters and 77 million in the previous year) was paid in contributions, while the first-year contribution fell by 6.7 to 19.3 billion, with an increase in the product mix of the first three quarters.
The return on investment recovered: at the end of the investment, the total return on corporate investment was 4.9 per cent in 2019, while institutional investors increased by 0.3 pct to 0.2 pc compared to the previous three quarters, mainly due to better equity markets;
Inherent value growth is nearly 20 per cent: in terms of intrinsic value growth, it results from a shift in equity markets towards good business values, which are affected by lower value rates (higher competition for health risks and restructuring of products), and a lower rate of contribution in value promotion.
Profit forecasting and investment advice: The epidemiological factors do influence the expansion of the liabilities of insurance companies and asset allocation, as evidenced by difficulties in agenting and staff growth, resulting in increased premiums for new policies, weak investment, uncertainty associated with capital market fluctuations and low interest rates.
After the current stock price-adjusted company valuation is in its historical position, we expect the current stock price to be a better premium than our counterparts, and we see that the subsequent upturn in the epidemic has boosted corporate liabilities and assets, and we still offer “buy-in” investment proposals.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) may be used to sell or sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate (Hong Kong) Limited and its foreign companies and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report from their clients or on behalf of others. The report is not intended to sell or induce customers to trade the certificate referred to in the report.